 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is Thursday. Even though we had a  short week here in the Senate, it is one of my favorite times of the  week because I get to talk about the Alaskan of the Week, which is a  recognition we give to somebody who is doing something important in our  State.   I can see by the smile on the pages' faces that it is their favorite  time of the week, too, because we talk about Alaska and we talk about  somebody who is making a difference. Maybe, it is a difference just in  their local community. Maybe, it is in the State. Maybe, it is  nationwide.   What I really enjoy doing in this speech every week is not just  highlighting my great State. Of course, we all think our States are  great. I know the Presiding Officer thinks his State is great, and I  encourage people watching on TV or in the Galleries to come on up to  Alaska. You will have the trip of a lifetime. There is great fishing  right now and wonderful, beautiful scenery, but the reason you will  love it so much is the people--strong, tough, resilient, wonderful  people. That is what we do in terms of the Alaskan of the Week. We talk  about the people.   Today, I want to talk about someone very special, a woman who has  become a good friend of mine, named Kara Nelson. She is our Alaskan of  the Week. Kara calls Juneau home.   Sometimes our Alaskans of the Week are unsung heroes. Maybe they have  been working on something for years--decades, really--and not a lot of  people know what they are doing. Other times, their efforts go from  something  [[Page S5688]]  hardly noticed to somebody who is really noticed. I would say that Kara  is somebody who, over the last couple of years, is really noticed. She  is kind of a rock star in the State, and to be honest, she deserves the  attention that she is given.   Kara works with women who have been in trouble, who have struggled  with the issues of addiction, and have gone to prison sometimes for it.  She is working with women who are trying to get a new start in life.  There is nothing more important, I think--whether it is in Alaska or  Louisiana, or anywhere in the country--than to give people a new start.   Here is a little bit about Kara, who has been generous enough to  share her story openly, because it can be a difficult story to tell.  She was born and raised mostly in Ketchikan--``logging camps,'' she  calls them. She was a good student. She was a good athlete. She got  good grades. But then, unfortunately, like too many of our young people  today--whether in Alaska or anywhere across the country--she started  using drugs.   Eventually drugs took over her life completely. She dropped out of  high school, and, in her words, ``lived the life of an addict'' for 20  years. For two decades, she was addicted to heroin and other drugs. She  was arrested in 2005 for drug-related charges. For years--again, like  so many people who we are seeing in our country--she ping-ponged in and  out of prison until she was released on June 1, 2011.   It has been a tough life with tough experiences, but here is the good  news. What has she done with that life since? She has been clean and  sober ever since, which we all know is not easy. It takes courage. It  takes discipline. She credits her faith and the peer support community  she was able to find once she was released from prison. It is the kind  of support she is now offering to hundreds of women across Alaska.   Shortly after her release from prison, Kara began to attend meetings  led by two women she knew had been part of prison ministries. These  women, Ellen Campbell and Ramona Ignell, had an idea of opening up a  place for women who were getting out of prison and needed help  transitioning into freedom. They needed help. Many were going through  their own addiction challenges. They thought Kara would be the perfect  person to direct the program. As all Alaskans know now, they thought  right because she was that person.   In 2015, the transition house that Kara and others founded, called  Haven House, in Juneau, AK, opened its doors. So far, 33 women have  gone through the program and only 2 have reoffended, which is a  remarkable record and success story.   Kara is also involved in so many other programs throughout the State.  There are actually too many to name, but let me give you a few  highlights. These are just a few of the highlights of what she has  done. She is the cochair of the Juneau Reentry Coalition and the  cofounder of the Juneau Recovery Community Organization. In 2016, she  was a fellow of Just Leadership USA. She is an active member of the  Juneau Homeless and Housing Coalition, Juneau's Disability Abuse  Response Team, Juneau's Recovery Coaches Advisory Board, and Alaska's  Statewide Recidivism Reduction Task Force. The list is a lot longer  than that. That gives you a sense of how involved she is and how much  she cares about these issues. Last year, for all her work, she was  awarded the prestigious Director's Community Leadership Award from the  FBI in recognition of her outstanding service to the advancement of  justice.    In the middle of all of this hard work, she went back to school to  finish her associate's degree and was able to be reunited with her  three children. On paper and in a speech like this, this certainly all  looks impressive, but I am here to tell you there is nothing like  hearing her story in person.   Let me take you back to a meeting I had in 2015. I had just been  elected. Kara and seven other women--three of whom were recently out of  prison and the first residents of Haven House--came to my office. They  were in DC to attend a march to combat addiction. They were trying to  get Members of the Senate and the House to support the Comprehensive  Addiction and Recovery Act, cosponsored and led by my good friend  Senator Rob Portman, from Ohio, and my good friend from Rhode Island,  Senator Whitehouse.   They came to my office. On this day, I had certainly one of the most  impactful meetings I have had in the Senate. It was a meeting where  they were all very honest and open about what they had been through,  and, to be perfectly blunt, these women have been through hell. They  talked about it with courage, grace, and dignity. They talked about how  Alaskans were suffering through this addiction--opioid and heroin  addiction, in particular--and how they needed help and how they needed  Federal legislation.   Their honesty, resiliency, and courage were something I was so  impressed by, so moved by. In many ways, it was a gift for me as a  Senator to see this and to try, just a little bit, to understand this.   This meeting went very long. After I heard these stories, I started  reading more about this crisis. It is impacting all of our States, and  certainly many parts of Alaska. I told my staff that we have to focus  on this. For 2 years, we convened a summit in our State. It was called  the Alaska Wellness Summit: Conquering the Opioid Crisis.   Kara and her colleagues who came to see me inspired all of us to do  this. In many ways, they were the stars of this event. They told the  Alaskans who gathered their stories and their challenges. We talked  about all kinds of issues--Federal, State, and local. We brought  Federal officials to this summit. The Surgeon General of the United  States came. The Deputy Secretary of HHS came. Statewide and local  officials were all there gathering together, saying: We can do this. We  can tackle this. Let's work together. There is hope. There is hope  because of people like Kara.   I have a big State in terms of territory, but it is not a big State  in terms of population. Over 500 people showed up at this summit, with  several hundred more online to listen and to get ideas and to give us  ideas and to get inspiration from people like Kara. Inspired by that  summit and people like Kara, we are organizing another summit-- actually, tomorrow--in Anchorage: the Alaska Wellness Summit 2.0. This  event will also bring together, like we did before, a number of  Federal, State, and local stakeholders to discuss not only the  addiction epidemic but also issues relating to drug trafficking and,  unfortunately, the associated crime wave that is hitting many of the  communities in Alaska and victimizing many Alaskans.   Kara will be one of the people in front of hundreds presenting at the  summit. Again, she will likely talk about her own experiences and  inspire people and give them courage that they can get through what  they are going through, and she will talk about how successful peer-to- peer work has been for her and the other women she has been working  with. Whatever she talks about tomorrow, I know that she will bring  courage, insight, and internal fire because she has it. She has been  through a lot. She is a leader, and she is a leader by example.   I want to conclude by saying that her work and the work of so many  others on tackling this crisis and all of the difficult side effects is  so important. Kara, please keep it up. From the bottom of my heart,  thank you for all the work you have done, for your courage, your  commitment, and your inspiration, and, of course, congratulations to  you on being our Alaskan of the Week.   I yield the floor.   