 I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms.  Duckworth), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Cardin), and the Senator  from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth)  [[Page S4257]]  and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs.  Shaheen) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth)  and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms.  Duckworth), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen) are  necessarily absent.    Mr. President, first he came for the Dreamers. It was in  September of last year when President Trump announced that he was going  to abolish the DACA Program, an Executive order by President Obama that  protected 790,000 young people who came forward, registered with the  Federal Government, paid a $500 filing fee, went through an extensive  criminal background check, proved that they had completed at least a  level of education, and made clear that they were no threat to this  country. For that, they were allowed, under the Executive DACA order,  to live in the United States without fear of deportation for 2 years at  a time, renewable, and to work in this country.   Last September, President Trump decided to abolish that protection.  He challenged Congress. He said: Now it is up to you. Pass a law.   Many of us took him seriously. I worked on a bipartisan basis with  many Senators, including Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina,  Senator Cory Gardner of Colorado, Senator Michael Bennet, and Senator  Bob Menendez, and we put a lot of hours into it. We wrote a bill to  answer the President's challenge. We produced the bill and presented it  to him, and he rejected it. He was not going to allow us to come to a  bipartisan conclusion to solve this problem without changing other  parts of the law, which he demanded.   We couldn't find bipartisan consensus for the President's proposal.  In fact, when President Trump's immigration proposal was called on the  floor of this Senate Chamber, 39 of the 100 Senators voted for it--only  39. It was a clear illustration that the President's approach to  immigration was not even acceptable to all of the Members of his own  political party.   So, today, 790,000 young people across America, because of the action  of President Trump last September, have only the protection of a court  order that saves them from being deported, which allows them to  continue to work, which allows them to renew  [[Page S4296]]  their DACA status. If that court decision changes in a matter of days,  weeks, or months, their protection disappears. Clearly, this President  could care less.   First he came for the Dreamers. Then, in April, with the zero  tolerance policy, he came for the children--the infants, the toddlers,  the little boys and girls who accompanied their parents to the border  of the United States.   President Trump did something that most Americans--two out of three-- find not only objectionable but unimaginable. This President decided as  a matter of policy--a get-tough policy toward immigration--that he  would take children--babies, infants--away from their parents. So far,  2,400, we believe, have been taken this way. What has happened to them?  We don't know.   You see, in this great country of America--this transparent and open  democracy--the Trump administration will not allow any type of visits  by Members of Congress, members of the press, to see exactly what is  happening with these children. A few photos have made it out, showing  these kids being held in cages--kids in cages. That is the Trump  approach when it comes to immigration. The recording came out of the  cries of these children when they were being separated from their  mothers and their parents. There was the report of a father who had a  son yanked out of his arms and in desperation went to his jail cell and  committed suicide. That is the reality of this Trump policy.   He has been unapologetic. From where he is standing, with the  inspiration of Stephen Miller, his adviser and expert on immigration,  getting tough is the only answer, the deterrent, putting pressure on  Congress to pass the law this President demands--this ridiculous $25  billion wall that he wants to build on our border with Mexico.   So what has happened? People have spoken out, and I want to thank  those Republicans who had the courage to stand up and speak out. Forty- eight Democratic Senators joined Senator Feinstein in making it clear  that we were prepared, if necessary, to pass legislation to solve this  problem. Some Republican Senators have said the same, that this  approach is unacceptable and reprehensible. And the First Ladies of the  United States, including Laura Bush, who was quoted earlier by Senator  Klobuchar, have just been amazing. They have come forward to let us  know, on a bipartisan basis, that what President Donald Trump is doing  at the border with children is not only un-American, it is inhumane by  any standard.   Treating children this way is something that can have long-term  trauma on individuals. We heard from our colleague, Senator Hirono. She  experienced an emotional moment here in the Senate, and I have never  seen that before from her. She talked about her family's separation and  what it meant to her brother and mom. That is the reality of life. It  is a reality this President has ignored.   Well, today, after days and weeks of objections from all across the  United States, the President said that he would respond to the  situation he created with an Executive order that I have in my hand. It  is not that long; it is three pages. I read it closely. I read it  carefully. I will tell my colleagues, this Executive order by this  President does not solve the crisis that he created.   The order doubles down on the President Trump, Attorney General  Sessions, Stephen Miller zero tolerance policy that started this whole  crisis of punishing children and families.   The order provides no guarantee that families actually will be kept  together. Here is what the language says: It just says the  administration will try to maintain family unity, including by  detaining alien families together ``where appropriate and consistent  with law and available resources.'' That is from the President's  Executive order. That is no guarantee that these families will be kept  together.   The order does nothing, speaks not a word to uniting the 2,400  children who have been separated from their families--not one word in  there. For goodness' sakes, that is where the President should start  with his Executive order: ordering his agencies to reunite these  families as quickly as possible so the children who are going through  the trauma of this separation will finally have a chance to see their  parents again.   And the order provides for--this is the President's order issued  today--the indefinite detention of mothers, fathers, and children who  are fleeing violence and seeking asylum in the United States.   There is no law on the books that requires this government or allows  this President to rip children away from their parents. The horrific  scenes we have seen and heard on television are the result of a Trump  administration policy that could have ended today if President Trump  had simply issued an order to end it. He has it within his power to end  the crisis he created. He chose not to.   Instead, on World Refugee Day, President Trump offered this remedy to  the crisis he created: Lock up entire families together indefinitely.   To do this, he has to ignore a court order that applies to his  administration and every administration for the last 20 years. The  Flores settlement between the U.S. Government and the petitioners  resulted in a binding 1997 court order that required that children be  released from custody without unnecessary delay. The Government of the  United States of America was a party to that agreement. That Flores  case recognizes that children should not be treated like criminals, and  it prohibits the prolonged detention of children because of harmful  effects.   The Trump Executive order seeks to undo the Flores consent decree.  Repealing Flores was actually a key component of President Trump's own  immigration legislation. That was rejected, if my colleagues will  remember, by 39 to 60 in the Senate in February.   Is throwing kids in indefinite detention what we want to do as a  nation? Is it a loophole that a 5-year-old child cannot be detained  beyond 20 days under Flores? Of course not.   Remember, the Flores settlement does not prohibit detention if it is  necessary to ensure the safety of the child. The Flores settlement  simply prohibits indefinite detention of children, even with their  families, and any order to undermine this critical protection will  almost certainly be challenged in court.   This Executive order from President Trump will be challenged on the  very first day that it violates the Flores settlement. In this order he  sends Attorney General Sessions into court to undo the Flores  settlement, which has been the law of the land and the standard for  Presidents of both political parties for almost 20 years.   Looking at the administration's policy of so-called zero tolerance,  which Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced in April and on which  the President doubled down on today, here is what we find: The policy  means they are criminally prosecuting everyone at the border, no matter  what reason brought them to that border.   If someone is coming to the border to smuggle opioids or as part of a  criminal gang, throw the book at them. But it makes no sense to throw  the book at parents who come to the border with their kids because they  are fleeing violence and death threats. There is no requirement--none-- to prosecute every border case as a criminal case. As with many laws,  there can be criminal or civil penalties for crossing the border  without authorization. Our Nation could criminally prosecute everyone  who drives too fast, but we use discretion and prosecute selectively.   Asylum seekers do not need to be caged to remain united with their  families. The government has the power to individually assess each  person apprehended at the border and determine whether that person  presents a flight risk or a safety risk. Those who do not present a  risk can be released with their families to await immigration  proceedings. We have found that if they are given the benefit of  counsel, over 90 percent of those who have court proceedings show up  for the proceedings. We should do that. We have effective and cost- efficient alternatives to detention available.    President Trump and his allies have taken thousands of children  hostage to try to enact their anti-immigration agenda into law. We will  not be fooled. This crisis doesn't need legislation to fix it. It  requires Republican Members of Congress to join us, stand up, say no,  and put an end to this ill-conceived Trump policy.   Instead, we face efforts like Senator Cruz's bill, which would not  protect  [[Page S4297]]  children and could undermine the due process approach that we have used  in this government. This bill, like the President's Executive order,  would override the Flores settlement. That is not a good starting point  to the humane treatment of children.   Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen claimed: ``We do not  have a policy of separating families at the border. Period.'' Like many  of the President's tweets, that was just plain false. Attorney General  Jeff Sessions established the zero tolerance policy that separated  families--a policy that former First Lady Laura Bush called cruel and  immoral. When asked to justify how we could take this immoral position,  Attorney General Sessions appeared to find some quote in the Bible that  gave him solace.   The president of the American Academy of Pediatrics was more plain- spoken. She called this Trump policy ``government-sanctioned child  abuse.''   I urge my Republican colleagues. People are watching and asking  across this country: Aren't we better than this? Can't we treat the  Dreamers in a more humane way? Can't we save these children from being  caged away from their parents?   Do we want this image in the world? Is this what America has come to?  I don't believe so, and two out of three Americans happen to agree with  what I just said. We are a better country than this. This President's  Executive order does not solve this problem. It makes it worse.   I yield the floor.   