 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for  allowing me to speak this evening.   Today, we introduced H.R. 2, which is the Agricultural Nutrition Act  of 2018. H.R. 1 was the tax bill, and so leadership, the Speaker in  particular, believed that this issue is important enough that he gave  us that rare opportunity to have a single-digit bill number.   My colleagues will join us tonight at the microphone and we will talk  about more of the details, but 3 years ago we began this quest to  reform SNAP. We wanted to start with basically as blank a sheet of  paper as we could get. We didn't want to be constrained by spending or  resources. We just wanted to find the best policy we could possibly get  to so it would let us know our guideposts.   We did that. We had it scored. It comes in at a budget-neutral  position, which is what our commitment to the broader conference was,  and accomplished that on not only SNAP, but also with the rest of the  title as well.   We did six listening sessions around the country this past year.  Three-hundred-plus good citizens stepped to the microphone to speak to  Members of Congress about what was on their heart, what was working  with the farm bill, all aspects of it. I specifically remember a young  woman who stood at the microphone, incredibly brave young lady, who  said: I am the reason that SNAP needs to stay in place.   She said: I was 18 years old, a single mother of a 3-year-old, and I  didn't like my future, and I wanted to go to college.   And SNAP and the other benefits that were available, her hard work,  her sweat equity, but, yes, our helping hand up allowed her to get a  college education.   She became an educator. She then got an advanced degree and is now in  administration. She said for her and her daughter, public assistance is  now defined by what they do for other folks as opposed to what gets  done for them.   That is the success we want to drive. That is how we want to measure  SNAP and all of our programs as against a yardstick that says we want  to give folks a helping hand up. We want folks to break that cycle of  poverty.   I believe that the good policies we put in place with the SNAP  program that were released today, as people begin to understand what we  are doing and begin to understand a bunch of the misinformation that  has been in the public arena over the last several weeks about what we  were trying to do, that that will dissipate and our colleagues across  both sides of the aisle will see the wisdom of what we are going to do  with respect to SNAP.   I am proud of the work that we have done. I am particularly proud of  G.T. Thompson's leadership the last year on our Nutrition Subcommittee.  He has done incredibly good work, and I am looking forward to him and  my other colleagues continuing this process.   The bill we introduced today is a work in progress, and it is not  what will get to the President's desk; but we are excited about the  process of marking it up in committee, coming to this House floor,  having those fulsome conversations with our colleagues about what is  working, what is not working, and then getting this to the President's  desk once the Senate does their work.   So a great step forward for the Agriculture Committee today. I am  proud of the work we have done and look forward to working with my  colleagues to get this even further along the path.   