 Mr. President, the last 3 weeks have shown us the  beginning of what happens when Congress listens to the American people  and delivers on our promises.   For years, we have been talking about real, lasting tax reform-- helping American families bring more of their hard-earned money back  home in their paychecks and ensuring that the jobs of the future are  created here at home in America.   Last month, we started reaching those goals, and just 3 weeks since  we passed tax reform, more than 2 million Americans have received  bonuses in their paychecks, and hundreds of thousands of employees have  been informed that they will have permanent pay increases or increased  benefits.   Right after Christmas, in my home State of South Carolina, Nephron  Pharmaceuticals announced that 640 employees will receive a minimum of  a 5-percent raise. This is good news. The raise is due to the passage  of tax reform. In other words, 2 million Americans all across the  country--thousands of Americans in South Carolina--are starting to see  the fruit of tax reform.   This is just the beginning. In fact, all across the country, more  than 160 companies have already begun the steps of improving the lives  of their employees by allowing them to share in the benefits of tax  reform. This is counter to what we heard on the floor for days and  weeks and I would dare say for months, when folks railed about how the  corporations and the companies and the employers of America simply  would not share the benefits of lower taxes.   I am thankful that I live in a country and blessed to live in a State  where our corporate family has obviously recognized the benefits and  the wisdom of sharing the profits with their employees. And that number  will rise. As a matter of fact, I think just today the Apple  Corporation--home of the iPhones and all those good gadgets--said that  instead of making the $1.5 billion investment that they had announced,  they would instead make a $300 billion investment here at home in  America, creating 20,000 new American jobs. This is good news.   Earlier this month--last week, I believe it was--the IRS announced  that they had been able to change the withholdings, and they have  predicted--this is an astounding number--that up to 90 percent of  employees will see more take-home pay in their paychecks as early as  February 15.   You see, lower taxes and higher take-home pay translates into maybe a  movie night out for a struggling family, maybe new tennis shoes for a  youngster, and, without any question, more money to do more good for  nonprofits, for churches and other organizations.   Next year, when they file their taxes, our efforts to double the  child tax credit and our efforts to double the standard deduction will  kick in, and more families will see more money from their returns.   Frankly, my Investing in Opportunity Act that was included in the tax  [[Page S231]]  reform will present new opportunities for perhaps billions of dollars  to be reinvested in distressed communities, like the one where I grew  up. More than 50 million Americans live in these distressed  communities. And because of the good will of this body, because of the  good will of the House of Representatives, and because of the good will  of the current administration, millions of Americans will have more  reasons to be hopeful in 2018.   This is just the beginning of what a strong, middle-class oriented,  business-friendly tax code will do.   I plan to spend more time on the floor of the Senate over the next  year, talking about the benefits of tax reform and relaying the stories  of employees who are starting to fill my mailbox with amazing stories  of the things they are doing with their extra dollars.   This is a good start to 2018, and my prayer is that this is just the  beginning.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   