 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 4910, the Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act. If enacted,  H.R. 4910 would require the U.S. Department of the Interior to provide  outer burial receptacles, also known as grave liners, for veterans  buried in cemeteries under the control of the National Park Service.   Current law requires that the United States Department of Veterans  Affairs provide an outer burial receptacle to a veteran buried in a  national cemetery under the control of the National Cemetery  Administration, which is a branch of the Veterans Administration.  Additionally, the VA can provide a reimbursement if the family chooses  to purchase a liner in lieu of the government-furnished grave liner.   However, cemeteries under the control of the National Park Service  are not covered by this statute, and neither the VA nor the National  Park Service currently are able to provide this benefit for veterans  buried in those cemeteries.   The Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act simply amends the law to  require the Department of the Interior to provide an outer burial  receptacle for each new veteran's grave in a national cemetery under  the control of the National Park Service, just as would be provided if  they were buried under the Veterans Administration.   This bill also provides for the reimbursement of a veteran's  survivors who provide a privately purchased outer burial receptacle for  use in a National Park Service cemetery.   Of the 14 national cemeteries controlled by the National Park  Service, two are still active: Andersonville National Cemetery in  Georgia, which my colleague Mr. Bishop currently represents, and Andrew  Johnson National Cemetery in Tennessee.   I am pleased to have introduced this bipartisan, commonsense  legislation alongside my friend, fellow Georgian, and chairman of the  Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, Senator Johnny Isakson, to  ensure our veterans receive equal burial benefits, regardless of where  they are laid to rest.   It is now more important than ever to close the gap in benefits for  veterans who are buried in cemeteries managed by the National Park  Service. In doing so, we will ensure that all veterans and their  families are receiving the benefits and respect they have rightly  earned.   I urge support from my colleagues on this bipartisan measure and  commonsense piece of legislation.   