 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, to follow up on the remarks of our  distinguished Democratic ranking member on the Environment and Public  Works Committee, Senator Carper, who spoke about the environmental  prospects of Trump's nominee, Brett Kavanaugh, should he reach the  Supreme Court, I come at this from a very particular angle. Let me  start by kind of laying the predicate, if you will, for my comments.   A long, long time ago, when the Founding Fathers were setting up our  country, they brought over from England the tradition of an independent  judiciary and of the common jury. It was extremely important to the  founding generation. The Declaration of Independence made reference to  efforts to interfere with the right to trial by jury.  [[Page S4996]]    The efforts by British agents of influence to interfere with American  juries was a constant thorn. The feeling was that the independence of  courts and, particularly, the independence of jurors was a very  significant check and balance in the constitutional system that the  Founders were setting up.   These were experienced politicians. These were thoughtful people who  had read and debated a lot about governance. They understood that there  were times when very powerful interests were able to dominate a  legislative body, there were times when very powerful interests were  able to dominate a Governor or other chief executive and, indeed, there  were times when that same very powerful interest could not only  dominate the legislative branch but also the executive branch at the  same time. Therefore, you needed to have a third branch of government-- an independent branch of government--to which you could go to be sure  that you were being treated with justice. They designed it all fairly  carefully.   The jury has a lot of advantages to it. You don't get repeat jurors.  Every jury veneer, every jury pool, is a new group. The reason for that  is to make it hard for big interests to be able to go to people who  might be jurors and try to fix the jurors in their favor in the same  way they go to legislatures and try to fix legislators in their favor.  You do not know who your jury is going to be until it is called up. So  you can't apply influence to a jury. If you try, it is actually a  crime. It is called tampering with a jury.   We very carefully set up independent judges and pools of regular  citizens who were to come in, virtually at random, to do one jury  service and then to go back to their lives, and we did it for a reason.  Blackstone described that reason as to provide a safeguard for regular  citizens against other more wealthy and powerful citizens, more wealthy  and powerful interests.   It is an interesting piece of our constitutional analysis because, in  most places, what has been set up is a structure that has been designed  to protect the common citizen against the excesses of government. The  checks and balances have been generally set up to protect the ordinary  man and woman against excessive use of government power against them.   With the juries, Blackstone said, it is a little bit different. It is  not just abuse of power by government; it is abuse of power by the more  wealthy and powerful interests, because the Founders knew that it would  be the more powerful and wealthy interests who would come in and try to  fix the legislature, who would try to fix the Governor or, at the  Federal level, the President, and that, therefore, the jury would stand  as the guardian and the bulwark of regular Americans against influence  from the more powerful and wealthy interests.   Look around at who the more powerful and wealthy interests are in our  country right now. Collectively, the biggest is probably the fossil  fuel industry. If you add up the whole Koch brothers' Koch Industries'  apparatus, if you add up ExxonMobil, Chevron, Shell, and the whole  American Petroleum Institute population, if you look at the extent to  which they have seized control of the National Association of  Manufacturers and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and if you put that  whole array together, it is very likely not only the most powerful  political influence effort now, but it may very well be the most  powerful political effort in American history. Those wealthy and  powerful interests are hard at work at making sure that their interests  come first and that the interests of ordinary Americans come at a very  distant second.   The way in which Mr. Kavanaugh comes to this nomination smells of all  of that influence already. For starters, he was selected through a very  private process--from all of the information we have about it--that is  moderated by a group called the Federalist Society but which checks in  with all of the big Republican funding special interests to make sure  that they are all OK with the nominee. There is a preclearance by  special interests that takes place for these judicial nominees.  Obviously, the most powerful and wealthy special interest--the biggest  political force, perhaps ever--is going to be a part of that checklist.   There can be no doubt that if the fossil fuel industry were not  checked off on Brett Kavanaugh, he would not be the nominee. There is  no doubt in my mind that they and other special interests--the gun  lobby, the anti-choice crowd, the Wall Street folks--all had the chance  to say: No, not that guy. Find me somebody who will be good to us.   So Kavanaugh has already cleared that process. Now you see the  confirmation process underway, and you see big special interests' dark  money already out, campaigning for him.   The last time we had one of these contests, it was this: Is it going  to be Merrick Garland? No, we are going to stop him dead and not even  give him a hearing. We are going to bring on this character, Gorsuch,  and he is going to come in.   Somebody spent nearly $18 million in political ads to support that  switch. Somebody felt it was worth $18 million to have Gorsuch and not  Garland on the Supreme Court. We don't know who that person was because  of the dark money protections that are such a scourge in our democracy  right now. That individual donor's hand is hidden behind all of this  dark money machinery, but we do know that there is a person--an  entity--who spent $18 million to have it be Gorsuch, not Garland.   So that is the track record for this.   Here comes Kavanaugh, and the same machinery is now up for him. He  was precleared by the special interests, and big dark money interests  are already spending money for him. Who in his right mind would believe  that this guy is not predisposed in the direction of those big special  interests? It is almost impossible to imagine under these political  circumstances.   When you look at his record on the DC Circuit, this is a guy who has  been on the warpath against environmental protection. This is a guy who  is Scott Pruitt in robes. This guy is really something.   Now, he was not on the original Trump list, as I understand it. So  maybe he has been spending his time auditioning on the DC Circuit for  this incredibly dominant special interest--the fossil fuel industry-- and exhibiting his ability and his willingness to make anti-environment  decisions, to make pro-corporate decisions, and to make pro-polluter  decisions so that he can inch his way, maybe, onto the Trump list for  the Supreme Court.   Sure enough, not only is he on the list, but he is now the nominee.  His record is absolutely abysmal. You would have to call him an  environmental extremist. It is truly, truly exceptional to think of all  of the different cases in which he has been involved. My colleague from  Hawaii is here. So I am not going to go through them all, but as this  goes forward, I will have plenty of time to explore these issues with  him.   It is going to be very, very important to the big polluters to have  Kavanaugh instead of Kennedy because, when you look at the record in  the Supreme Court, there has been a considerable array of decisions on  environmental matters in which Justice Kennedy has been the swing vote.  So extract Justice Kennedy with his retirement and put in Kavanaugh  with his record from the DC Circuit, his preclearance by the polluting  interests, and the fact that big-money folks are already out there  pushing for him. They are going to want something.   I suspect what they are going to want is a reversal of Justice  Kennedy's position in favor of the environment and all of the issues on  which he was the 5-to-4 tiebreaker in favor of the environment. Now all  of those cases will go back the other way, and polluters will rule.   Polluters already rule here. We are incapable of doing anything  serious about climate change. Polluters completely dominate over in the  House. They have written this ridiculous letter and have told the House  that it shouldn't even do a carbon price. They have put all of their  polluter front-group names on this letterhead. Of course, Trump still  thinks that climate change is a hoax.   You have a situation that the Founding Fathers were concerned about.  You have an enormous special interest with extraordinary power that  dominates the Senate and the House and that has completely gotten this  administration by the choke chain. Now what it wants to do is to extend  its power to the one  [[Page S4997]]  part of the government the Founding Fathers set up to be able to tell  the special interest no, to require it to follow the truth, to require  it to look at real evidence, to subject witnesses to cross-examination,  to provide discovery so that you know what is really going on, and for  there to be penalties if you try to tamper and for there to be  penalties if you lie.   This is not the environment that the big polluters like. So they want  to control it. I see the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh as an effort,  basically, at agency capture at the Supreme Court level. We have to be  very careful about this.   I yield to my distinguished colleague from Hawaii.    Mr. President, I wish to join my distinguished  colleague from Connecticut in commenting on the qualifications and  prospects of these two nominees whom we are facing now on the Senate  floor. I thank him for his comments.   I would like to take my time to bring to the attention of this body  some of the concerns that--what I think are in the nature of concerns  that if we do this now, we will learn to rue the day we made these  mistakes.   Let me begin, as I did in my comments about Judge Kavanaugh, with  just a quick overview of how our Founding Fathers felt about the  judicial branch of government and about the jury and what it was there  for. The Founders were experienced politicians. They were adept at  history. They read widely. They prided themselves on the expertise they  had developed in how you design a government, and they were very  conscious about doing something that was unprecedented and that they  wanted very desperately to have work right. So they put their hearts  and souls into trying to get it right, this American experiment of  ours.   From sad experience in the Colonies, they knew big special interests  could come in and could completely dominate a legislative body; that  the legislative body would be at the beck and call of big, private  special interests. They had also seen Governors in the Colonies become  corrupted by influence. So they were very concerned that it was not  enough that you separated the legislative and executive branches and  created some degree of rivalry between the two because that left the  prospect still that the big special interests that commanded the  legislature could also command the executive branch. Then, where would  the ordinary citizen go? Where would you go for relief when some big  and powerful interest controlled those two branches of government? You  would go to the courts. That is why they made the judiciary  independent. That is why they insisted and fought so hard to make sure  the institution of the jury made it over from England, made it to the  Colonies. It was part of our battle with England that the King had  tried to interfere with our juries. We took the power of the jury and  the independence of the court seriously, not just as a matter of  providing justice to an individual person but as part of the  architecture of our Constitution, as part of the architecture of  freedom that our Constitution represents.   There is something that is interesting about the jury and the courts,  but the jury, in particular, that makes it a little bit different than  a lot of the rest of what went on in that Constitution because,  clearly, the Founding Fathers were concerned that the power of  government would be co-opted by powerful interests and then evil work  would be done with that power against ordinary people. So a lot of our  constitutional structure is designed to protect all of us regular  Americans against the power of government, but in the courts, and  specifically in the jury, there is a different power that was at issue.   Blackstone was the predominant legal figure in the Colonies at the  time. The reference that lawyers of the Revolutionary era used was  ``Blackstone's Commentaries.'' Blackstone described how, within the  larger context of the judicial branch, the jury was a defense for  regular people not against the government, interestingly--possibly  against the government--but also, and perhaps more importantly, against  the more wealthy and powerful citizens. It was set up so the courts  would provide equality between an ordinary American citizen who was  being run over by a big, powerful, wealthy American citizen, and they  would be treated fairly. It would be the chance where you could stand  up against wealth, where you could stand up against power, and even if  they controlled the legislature, even if they controlled the Governor,  you still had your shot before that jury of your peers and in those  courts.   So that is the context for looking at these judges who are being put  forward by a special interest apparatus of perhaps unprecedented power  in our country's history--certainly unprecedented power in our  country's history since Teddy Roosevelt broke the back of the big  trusts and the Big Business interests that had dominated in his era.   Here, we have these two characters coming through, and one is Mr.  Bounds. Mr. Bounds has a considerable problem with himself, which is  that he is filling a seat on the Ninth Circuit that is designated to  the State of Oregon. It has, until this moment, always been the  tradition of the Senate that the home State Senators associated with  that seat have the ability to say no. It is part of our checks and  balances. The people from that State who are likely to know him the  best--the Senators who are here--have the chance to say no. Both of the  Oregon Senators have said no. Has that mattered one whit to the Trump  administration? No, they have broken this tradition.   Regrettably, our Republican colleagues are complicit in letting this  happen. They are complicit in letting this happen. It is a sad day for  the Senate because the blue-slip process--the process by which home  State Senators are allowed to say no--is also the only process that  defends that this is an Oregon seat in the first instance. There is no  other check on the President's power to appoint. So there are a lot of  reasons why Bounds is disqualified, but the most compelling one to me  is because the two home State Senators have both said no to this  person.   Things do turn about. I have been in the majority here, and I have  been in the minority. I have been here with Republican Presidents, and  I have been here with Democratic Presidents. Things do turn about. When  the day  [[Page S5013]]  comes that we have a Democratic President making these appointees and  when we have Democratic control so we can confirm these appointees,  Republican Senators are going to regret that they threw their own blue- slip rights away today on this nomination, and throwing their blue  slips away doesn't just mean they lose their vote as to the Oregon  Senator for this seat, it means they lose their vote that defends that  this needs to be an Oregon judge in this seat.   There is nothing, after the blue slip is gone, that would allow our  colleagues from Texas to prevent a Democratic President from appointing  a New York City judge to Texas seats on the circuit court of appeals.   So if that starts to happen, don't come crying back to us now about  this. Today is your chance to stop that--to stop all of that--and to  put the Senate back to respect for our colleagues' judgment, a mutual  and bipartisan respect for our colleagues' judgment that has been the  standard of the Senate for a century now. It is going today, and it is  going today under what pressure? Why would we want to turn to other  colleagues and say: For the first time ever, your views don't count  about the judge from your home State, Senator. The only reason for that  is the power of the political pressure behind these appointees, and  that is the big special interests that are putting these nominees  forward, that have precleared them through this mysterious, dark  process that the Federalist Society runs, that have pushed forward  these political campaigns to support them through this mysterious, dark  process that is funded through the Judicial Crisis Network, and they  are going to be telling them what to do through a mysterious, dark  process of funded so-called friends of the court--amici--who are going  to be there in the court all day long telling them what to do. That is  the process that is breaking the blue slip, and it oughtn't to. It is  not right on its own, and it certainly isn't right to break the blue  slip.   The last thing I will say is about this character Oldham, who is  coming in. Among the leading Republican special interests are the great  polluters. They got Scott Pruitt in. What more proof do you need that  the polluters are in control than to put Scott Pruitt in charge of the  EPA? The man was a joke, and yet in he went, confirmed by the Senate.   Now comes Oldham, who has said that the entire administrative state  is enraging to him--enraging to him. It is the illegitimacy of it, he  says. ``It is the entire existence of this edifice of administrative  law that's constitutionally suspect.''   No, it is not. We have an entire body of law, the delegation  doctrine, that controls what is appropriate for Congress to delegate to  an administrative agency. It has been that way for decades. This is  fanciful stuff, but it is a wonderful red flag waved for the big  polluters, saying: Whenever you disagree with a regulatory agency that  tries to keep you cleaning up your act, I am going to be with you. That  is what the Oldham nomination is all about. It is all about telling the  big polluters that we have a friend for you on the courts now.   If there is one thing that ought not to happen in this country, it is  that somebody walks up the steps of the courthouse, and before the  argument is even made, they know they are going to lose the case, not  from the arguments in the brief but from the identity of the party on  the front page of the brief.   That is why Oldham is going on the court, so that the big polluters  can know they will win their cases in front of him without him even  having to read the brief. All he will need to do is look at the cover,  see that the big polluters are on the cover, and know he is there to  attack the administrative state making them keep the water clean,  making them keep the air clean, or making them keep their carbon  emissions under control.   That is what this is about. This is not right. It is not right that  the blue slip is being torn apart today on the Senate floor. It is not  right that somebody who doesn't think that the EPA ought to even exist  is being put forward as a judge.   But the connections come back to that same initial point, which is  that the big special interests who like to control legislatures and who  like to control executive branches would also love to control the  courts, because that is the place where they can still be held to  account.   So it is with real regret that I face this day in the Senate.   I yield my remaining time.    Of course.    That is absolutely correct. There is not a law that  assigns within the Ninth Circuit which judges will be treated as Oregon  judges and which judges will be treated as California judges. Within  Rhode Island, we are part of the First Circuit Court of Appeals. There  is one seat on that court that, by tradition, is designated to Rhode  Island.    It would mean that the Senators from that State would  have no defense against that change. It would mean that the next  Democratic President could appoint Rhode Islanders to Texas. It would  mean that the next Republican President could appoint Texans to Rhode  Island, and neither the Senator from Texas nor the Senators from Rhode  Island would have any defense left against that without the honoring of  the blue slip.    They would either be giving up the one defense they  have to make sure that the seats on the court that are allocated to  their State are in fact filled with judges from their State, or they  would be suggesting that there should be two different sets of rules  that apply--that there be one blue-slip rule for a Democratic President  and that there would be a different blue-slip rule for a Republican  President.   I don't think that is credible. I think that once the blue slip is  torn down, reestablishing it is virtually impossible. I think the day  will come when Senators come to regret that they are trying to get a  home-State person appointed from Idaho or Colorado or New Mexico or  Texas, and they have given up their ability to see to it that happens,  and that a lawyer from San Francisco or from New York City or from  Florida or from anyplace else can be dropped into their circuit court  seat, and they have nothing left to do about it, because the one tool  they have to stop that and to enforce that prerogative is the blue  slip, and it dies today.   