 Madam President, I join Senator Grassley and my colleagues  in supporting the bill before us today.   As we debate this issue, it always seems to be such a defining issue  in terms of who we are and whom we hope to be. No country in Europe  allows a pregnancy to be ended this late in the pregnancy. No country  in Africa allows a pregnancy to be ended this late in the pregnancy.  Only six other countries in the world allow pregnancies to be ended at  any time. As I have listened to the debate today, the debate about 20  weeks, it sounds to me like it wouldn't matter to the opponents of the  bill if it were at 30 weeks, certainly, or at 21 weeks or at 20. There  is no week one can pass here.   The other bill we should vote on, which the House has passed, is the  born-alive bill. There are people in the country today who actually  oppose the born-alive bill. When a baby during an abortion process is  born alive, my understanding is, you can't step in and take the life of  that living child, but you can all step back from the table, on which  that baby lies in front of you, and let the baby die.   Obviously, there is a point at which we are not going to be able to  talk to each other in a way that apparently will persuade anybody.  Maybe hearts will not change, and maybe minds will not change in the  Senate today, but as many of my colleagues have pointed out, they are  changing in the country. People realize there is a time when that child  has every opportunity, with a little help, to live independently. That,  surely, would be too late to end that life in the minds of most people.  In the minds of younger people? It is more of the view of older people  that life should be saved, but 63 percent of all Americans say we  shouldn't continue to allow this to happen.   Senator Grassley just said and others have said a majority of women,  a majority of Democrats, a majority of Republicans, a majority of young  people all believe this is not an acceptable place for us to be. Why  would we want to be one of seven countries in the world that would  allow abortion at any time? Why would we want to be one of four  countries in the world that would allow abortions at a time when it is  widely accepted that the child being aborted--the life being taken--is  a child who can feel pain?   As we come to this point today--and while a majority of Senators, I  think, will vote for this, though not a big enough majority to put it  on the President's desk--I think, once again, we have to ask ourselves:  At what point do our friends on the other side, who clearly disagree  with us on this issue, feel a life is clearly a life that should be  saved? Would you vote for the born-alive bill? Would you vote for this  bill if it were at 25 weeks? Would you vote for this bill if it were at  28 weeks? I don't hear any of that in the debate. It is just: This is  not the government's business. At some point, it is the government's  business. Protecting life is at some point the government's business.   When the Presiding Officer and at least one other person and I served  in the House, we changed the law. It was Laci and Conner's Law. When a  homicide is committed and the woman is pregnant and the child is lost  also, that is considered in law as a double homicide--two lives having  been taken at that point, two lives at 20 weeks or at 12 weeks or at 15  weeks. I am not sure where that threshold begins, but I do know we have  decided this is not just one crime; that it is two crimes when that  happens.   We have an opportunity today to define something that is pretty  clearly and significantly defining as to who we are as a nation.  Otherwise, virtually every country in the world wouldn't have stopped  doing this, if it ever had allowed it to happen in the first place.   I urge my colleagues to join in passing this bill--in standing up for  those who cannot defend themselves--and to understand that harm is  done, and when harm is done in this way, our society is harmed by that  harm.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Moran). The Senator from Mississippi.   