 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I recently had a townhall in a small county, Washington County,  Indiana, where a farmer came up to me and explained to me the choice  that he had before him: he could lose thousands of dollars of his  cattle or pay thousands of dollars in fees because he is unable to kill  the black vultures that continue to murder his calves during calving  season.   This amendment changes that process and enables him to take proactive  nonlethal and lethal steps if the Secretary of the Interior deems it  worthwhile in that region or that State to protect those young calves,  to protect his property. I want to make sure that we enable and empower  farmers to be able to keep their livestock alive, to be able to keep  their property alive.   This amendment simply allows the Secretary of the Interior to  designate States or designate regions where farmers can take proactive  nonlethal and lethal measures to protect their property from black  vultures.   It is important to note that black vultures are not protected under  the Endangered Species Act. Right now they are listed in the least  concern category. But they are protected under the Migratory Bird  Treaty Act.   All this amendment does is enable them to take proactive measures  rather than waiting until they have lost thousands of dollars' worth of  calves in taking reactive measures.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's  support.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Crawford).    Mr. Chair, I would submit to Mr. Crawford that  perhaps those black vultures moved in because of the great  representation he provides to all of his constituents.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr.  DesJarlais).    Mr. Chair, in closing, again, I think this  amendment is very common sense and very focused on exactly what I hear  from Hoosier farmers back home, what I have heard from farmers all the  way across the country, which is they want to take the proactive  measures to protect these calves, to protect other livestock, to  protect their property, and also to save them from the horrific death  caused by black vultures.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   