 Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank Chairman  Roe for his strong support of our veterans and for the incredible honor  he does Senators Akaka, McCain, and myself with the bipartisan bill  before us. I am truly humbled by this gesture, and I am sure it also  means a lot to my buddy John, his family, and Senator Akaka's family as  well. Both of these men served during wartime.   Many folks know that John and I were POWs at Hanoi Hilton, and I will  always admire his courage in rejecting the North Vietnamese offer to go  home early. They, of course, did this in an effort to break the spirit  of other POWs. No one but another POW knows the strength and heartbreak  it takes to deny yourself the hope of home when your future and life  are uncertain. I say this as a fellow POW who spent nearly 7 years in  that hellhole Earth.   Mr. Speaker, I served 29 years in the United States Air Force and  fought in both the Korean and Vietnam wars, so I understand the  sacrifices our servicemembers make to protect the freedom of every  American. It is only right that in return for their faithful service,  our veterans get the quality healthcare they need and deserve when they  return home. That is why one of my proudest accomplishments is the  establishment of a VA community-based outpatient clinic in my hometown  of Plano, Texas. This facility was much needed in our community, and I  am proud to report it is expanding services for our veterans all the  time.   But as important as a VA facility is, they are not always convenient  for our veterans to visit. To address the fact that some veterans live  far from VA facilities or face longer wait times to see doctors,  Congress created the Choice Program.   Today's bill makes the Choice Program even better by bringing it  fully into the VA health system. That means all veterans actively  enrolled in the VA can go to a doctor in their community. You know that  is the right thing to do in the spirit, and I think this bill is  something we should all support.   Politics aside, may we all be mindful that our veterans have answered  the call to duty. They put their lives on the line on our behalf, and  their families serve alongside them as well. At the very at least, they  deserve to be treated with respect and appreciation for their service  and their sacrifice.   To all our veterans: God bless you and God bless America. I salute  you.   