 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, on Peace Officers Memorial Day, I  would like to honor the service and sacrifice of Colt Eugene Allery, a  sheriff's deputy in Rolette County, ND, who was killed in the line of  duty in January of 2017.   Deputy Allery was only 29 years old, but he spent much of his young  life serving in law enforcement. His loved ones said that he was  happiest when he was doing for others, which is why he chose law  enforcement as his career. In his life and service, Deputy Allery  exemplified courage and a willingness to do whatever had to be done,  regardless of the circumstances.   Deputy Allery's name was inscribed on the National Law Enforcement  Officers Memorial earlier this week--a lasting tribute to his bravery  and dedication to serving his community. His name joins 51 other North  Dakota law enforcement officers who have paid the  [[Page S2664]]  ultimate price. We honor their legacy, along with police officers  across the country who have died in the line of duty.   Here in the Senate, we are also paying tribute to our men and women  in blue. I am proud to join my colleagues in sponsoring a Senate  resolution that pays tribute to Deputy Allery and the 128 other law  enforcement officers killed on duty in 2017. Their dedication to  community and the rule of law is characteristic of so many of our  policemen and policewomen, without whose efforts our communities would  not be the same. In recognition of such efforts, our resolution also  honors the service of all law enforcement officers by designating this  week, May 13 through 19, as National Police Week.   We want to thank our men and women in blue--those who leave their  homes and loved ones each day to protect our communities and heed the  call to serve. While we pay special tribute to their service during  National Police Week, we are always grateful for their sacrifices on  our behalf. We honor them and thank them for heeding the call to serve.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   