 Mr. President, I rise to highlight an issue concerning  the industrial base that supports the strategic TRIAD. Currently the  Air Force is developing the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent or GBSD.  This will be the Nation's new land-based intercontinental ballistic  missile and will replace the venerable Minuteman Three. Nearly 50 years  ago, when Minuteman was built, there were five companies capable of  producing large solid rocket motors. The industrial base that produces  large solid rocket motors for the Nation's strategic TRIAD has shrunk  to two, and if the GBSD program is not handled carefully, it could soon  shrink to one. With each new missile likely to have three large solid  rocket motors, it is important to maintain multiple companies that can  produce them.   This problem was clearly identified in April 2018 when the  Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment released the  Department of Defense's Annual Industrial Capabilities Report. I would  encourage my  [[Page S3940]]  colleagues to go read the entire report for themselves. The report can  be found at http://www.businessdefense.gov/Portals/51/Documents/ Resources/2017%20AIC%20RTC%2005-17-2018%20- %20Public%20Release.pdf?ver=2018-05-17-224631-340.   The report is quite lengthy; however, I would like to read one  paragraph from page 85, which accurately synopsizes the lack of  oversight of the large solid rocket motor industrial base:  ``Maintaining a healthy and competitive solid rocket motor industrial  base is also of concern to the Department. Solid rocket motors for  tactical missiles are produced in a nearly even split between the two  domestic suppliers, Orbital ATK and Aerojet Rocketdyne. However, in the  very near future all the large solid rocket motors for strategic  missiles and space launch will be produced by Orbital ATK.   Aerojet Rocketdyne has managed to maintain their large solid rocket  motor capability for now with production of the boosters for the United  Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas V space launch vehicle, and small  development investments from the GBSD program. But ULA has chosen  Orbital ATK's boosters to replace Aerojet Rocketdyne's on Atlas and  future launch vehicles, leaving Aerojet Rocketdyne with no large solid  rocket motor production. Aerojet Rocketdyne has chosen to close their  Sacramento large solid rocket motor production facility.   While they have plans to reconstitute this capability at their Camden  facility, they may not do so if they are not part of the winning team  for GBSD, producing at least one solid rocket motor stage. This  potentially leaves the United States with a single large solid rocket  motor supplier, which can lead to cost increases due to lack of  competition, decreases in internal research and development efforts,  and risk of security of supply if a catastrophic accident should  occur.''   I am very concerned about what the Under Secretary has revealed in  this report. I believe that the Nation must avoid a monopoly provider  situation for the very reasons stated in the report. As a member of the  Appropriations Committee, I believe that we have a duty to be proper  stewards of the defense industrial base, both for our current  warfighters and for those who will follow. This is an issue that I will  continue to monitor, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to take a second to thank Senator  Inhofe and Senator Reed and their staffs for all of their hard work on  getting us to this point on the Defense authorization bill, which is so  very important.   Through the European Deterrence Initiative, we have made important  progress in preparing U.S. forces and allies to address Russian threats  to American interests and the international order that protects them.   I was just in Poland visiting U.S. forces with Senators Inhofe,  Capito, and Enzi. We saw firsthand the work they are doing to  preposition equipment and to establish the necessary footprint to  sustain operations.   The NDAA contains a provision that would require the Secretary of  Defense to conduct an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of  permanently stationing a U.S. Army brigade combat team in Poland. This  amendment would require a report to accompany the assessment, detailing  the requirements for combat enablers to deter aggression by Russia and  to execute the Department of Defense's contingency plans. Combat  enablers are the essential noncombat force that helps to maintain our  defense posture around the globe.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment as the Senate  continues to play its oversight role to ensure that we defend our  interests and our allies in Europe against Russian aggression.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   