 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in my time in the Senate, I have tried  hard to make certain that rural America--rural Kansas in particular but  all of rural America--has an advocate and that we work hard to make  certain that colleagues from across the country understand the  important issues we face in small towns across Kansas and around the  country.   Today, I want to talk about an opportunity we have that I think will  be most beneficial to those of us who come from places like the  Presiding Officer and I do. I rise today to speak in support of Miki  Bowman. She was nominated recently--she had a hearing in front of our  Banking Committee--to be a member of the Federal Reserve Board of  Governors. Tomorrow, our Banking Committee will consider her  nomination. I want to make certain that my colleagues on the committee  and certainly my colleagues here in the Senate understand how valuable  Miki will be as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal  Reserve Board and understand her qualifications.   She is a native of a small town in Kansas. She is a native of Morris  County in a beautiful part of our State. She received a degree from the  University of Kansas as an undergrad and a law degree from Washburn  University in Topeka. She is a rural American.   Her talents brought her to Washington, DC. She served at the Federal  Emergency Management Agency, the Department of Homeland Security, and  on the U.S. House of Representatives Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee and the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee as a  staffer, as well as in the office of Senator Bob Dole, one of my  predecessors in the Senate.   Like many of the Kansans I have known who have come here to  Washington, DC, to work over the years, she found her way back home to  Kansas when she returned to her hometown and became the vice president  of the Farmers & Drovers Bank in 2010. In 2017, Ms. Bowman became the  State bank commissioner for our State, where she is currently  responsible for overseeing hundreds of State chartered banks, trust  companies, money transmitters, and other nondepository entities.   Ms. Bowman is precisely the kind of person I envision to fill the  community bank representative position on the Board of Governors. The  Federal Reserve Act now requires--and we worked hard to make sure this  was the case--that the President ``appoint at least one member with  demonstrated primary experience working in or supervising community  banks having less than $10 billion in total assets.'' Well, the Farmers  & Drovers Bank in Council Grove, KS, is a $175 million bank--well below  that $10 billion threshold. So Ms. Bowman not only qualifies by the  criteria of the statute--she is a banker--but she is also a supervisor,  as exemplified by her role now as our State banking commissioner.   If those qualifications aren't enough, I have come to know Miki  Bowman as a forthright, intelligent, quality individual with a  demonstrated record of service to her State, her country, and to her  community. Those of us who know what I call relationship bankers know  how important their role is in a small town in Kansas and across the  country. The perspective she brings to the table as a banker, as a  regulator, as a public servant, as a mother, and as a community leader  is exactly the kind of perspective I think our country and our economy  need at the Federal Reserve Board.   I look forward to voting to advance Ms. Bowman's nomination tomorrow  morning in the Banking Committee. I urge all my colleagues to support  her confirmation when she is considered by the full Senate in the near  future.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   