 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this commonsense request from  President Trump to responsibly rein in wasteful government spending.   While the budgetary rescissions tool has not been utilized by the  White House for some time, the President's decision to use this  approach today should be commended. It importantly sheds light on the  need for fiscal responsibility. The amount of this proposed rescission  should also help us scale the challenge that is before us.   Today, Mr. Speaker, the Nation's debt is in excess of $21 trillion.  And that is not a stagnant figure; it is rapidly growing. It has grown  in the short time that I have been at this microphone. This process  helps us in Congress confront wasteful spending and draw back unspent  funds on the discretionary side of our budget.   However, in order to slow down spending and actually have a chance at  paying down any debt, we have to acknowledge what is actually driving  the majority of this spending.    For years, Mr. Speaker, spending on mandatory programs has been on  autopilot. It grows unchecked every year. Unsurprisingly, mandatory  spending, including interest on the national debt, comprises the  largest share of Federal spending.   It might surprise a lot of people who listen to this program or read  these remarks that, in the pie of Federal spending, mandatory spending  accounts for 70 percent of that amount. Without reform, in the next 10  years, it will grow to nearly 80 percent of all Federal spending.   Make no mistake, Mr. Speaker: There is a critical need for mandatory  programs and the benefits they provide for vulnerable people. But  unless we come up with real solutions, safety net programs like Social  Security and Medicare will cease to exist.    So programs like Social Security and Medicare that people  rely on now and those that they will rely on in the future will see  those benefits quickly dwindle, CBO says, as early as 2026.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this modest effort on  the discretionary side, but I caution that a sustainable and prosperous  fiscal future is contingent on addressing the mandatory side of  spending. The longer Congress takes, the more difficult those decisions  will be.   