 Mr. President, Senator Wicker of Mississippi and I have a  bipartisan amendment that means a lot to thousands of people who use  Amtrak. It has been 10 years since we asked the inspector general of  Amtrak to do a study of on-time performance. On-time performance has a  direct impact on the number of people who ride on Amtrak trains, how  frequently they use them, and how much they rely upon them. There is a  problem. Amtrak owns very few railway tracks in America. They share the  tracks with freight trains, and the freight trains have been pushing  ahead of them and making the Amtrak trains wait.   How long did they wait? Between 2016 and 2017, in 1 year, there was  17,000 hours of delay on Amtrak trains directly attributable to freight  trains that didn't yield the way to the Amtrak trains. That is just one  factor.   Senator Wicker and I have asked the inspector general to do a report  on on-time performance that we can consider in making Amtrak more  efficient, more profitable, and more popular with Americans.   I hope our colleagues will support our bipartisan amendment.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, you couldn't follow this President's  tweets with a roadmap, a GPS, a flashlight, and a program. It is  impossible to understand the policy of this administration for this  country, and when you try to follow his actions instead of his words,  it is even more confusing.   Over the past few weeks, President Trump's conduct when it comes to  foreign policy has been head-spinning, even for him. To recap, he  insulted our best allies of 70 years and then turned around and lobbied  for Russia at a recent G7 meeting and again bullied our key allies at a  summit on NATO. He then met privately with Russian President Putin and  then held a press conference with him in which President Trump blamed  America and defended Putin's words over the expertise of his own  government intelligence agencies. Keep in mind that he also  inexplicably met privately with President Putin at the G20 summit in  Hamburg last year--an event which he initially denied.   Why all these private meetings between President Trump and President  Putin? Why wouldn't he let his Secretary of State sit in the room? Why  wouldn't he let his National Security Advisor witness the conversation?  I don't know the answer to these questions, and neither does America.   Then the President tried to backpedal from some of his most  outrageous statements. At the end of the day, after trying that and  deciding it wasn't worth the effort, he backed around again and decided  to side with President Putin. It is impossible to keep track of where  this President has been or is going.   President Trump then questioned the bedrock NATO alliance, asking why  the United States should come to the defense of one of its members.  Incidentally, that is the heart and soul of the NATO alliance--article  5: We stand together. When the United States was attacked on 9/11, it  was the NATO alliance that stood with us when we struck back at  Afghanistan and al-Qaida. They stood by us because of article 5, the  very basis of the NATO alliance, which this President has questioned.   He said that no U.S. President has been harder on Russia than  President Trump. He argued: ``I think President Putin knows that better  than anybody.'' Then he said he wanted to invite President Putin to the  United States as his special personal guest. Go figure.   As President Trump weakens a great military alliance like NATO,  bullies our allies of seven decades, cozies up to a foreign dictator,  and talks in circles about his bizarre tweets and actions, what has  been the priority of the Republican Party on the floor of the Senate  since the summit--the disastrous summit--at Helsinki? Well, the  Republican leader, Senator McConnell, has not spoken on the Senate  floor on this issue since the Helsinki summit, not even one time.   Why aren't we urgently moving legislation to protect America's  membership in NATO, ensure the integrity of our upcoming election, and  fully implement last year's Russian sanctions bill? I can't answer  that. I don't think the Republican leader can answer it either. Those  are national security priorities.   Maybe it isn't surprising because when Senator McConnell was told  about the Russian intervention in our last 2016 election by the top  intelligence officials of the U.S. Government and asked to make a  bipartisan statement condemning it, he declined.   Why would a congressional leader not want to join in a bipartisan  effort to warn a foreign power to stop its attack on democracy? Why the  silence on this floor, on that side of the aisle, since the Helsinki  summit conference?   There is not absolute silence. I will commend my ailing but respected  and often-quoted colleague John McCain in Arizona, who sends messages  from his home to this Chamber, to the U.S. Senate. What did he call the  Helsinki summit? ``[O]ne of the most disgraceful performances by an  American president in memory.'' John McCain has never been one to mince  words. I have to say that quote hit the nail on the head.   I want to put another word in here. Every time I hear politicians and  all the smartest people on Earth on television referring to what  happened in the 2016 election as the Russians meddling in our  election--you heard that term, ``meddling'' in our election? If a  seasoned criminal broke into your home to case it for a later burglary,  would you say that burglar was just meddling? No. ``Breaking and  entering'' might be the proper term. That is what happened with the  Russians in the 2016 U.S. election. They broke and entered our election  system across the United States.   The reason I know that, one of the targets happened to be my home  State of Illinois. They found a way to sneak into the computers of the  Illinois State Board of Elections and, according to the Special  Counsel's recent indictment, stole information related to approximately  one-half million voters in my State of Illinois. The State discovered  it and sent out warnings to voters whose registration data may have  been accessed.   Was that meddling? Not in Illinois. Those were fighting words. That  was a cyber attack by the Russians on the State of Illinois Board of  Elections, and they followed up by trying to hit 20 other States as  well.   Meddling? Give me a break. This is a cyber act of war by the  Russians, and our intelligence officials of the Trump administration-- like Dan Coats, the Director of National Intelligence--have warned us,  the red lights are blinking again. They are coming back.   What are we doing about it? Nothing. There will be a chance for my  Republican colleagues to join the Democrats in a bipartisan effort to  take this seriously before it is too late. What do we have left, 105  days until the election? It  [[Page S5245]]  is not much time. The question is whether we will do something to try  to protect our election system. Every Member of this Chamber will have  an opportunity to vote to ensure that State and local election  officials have the resources to stop any other effort by the Russians  to interfere in our election.   Earlier this year, we came together and passed a bill--a bipartisan  bill--that provided $380 million in fiscal year 2018 omnibus spending  for States to modernize and secure their election systems. Funding gave  the States flexibility to tackle the most critical priorities:  replacing outdated voting machines, for example, that have no paper  trail, updating election computer systems to address cyber  vulnerabilities. The Election Assistance Commission reports that 55  different entities, including all the States and territories, have  requested funding from this grant program. That was an important first  step. It was bipartisan. It should be done. It was done, but it is not  enough.   After the 2000 election, and months of news coverage about hanging  chads and butterfly ballots, Congress passed a Help America Vote Act to  address the outdated election infrastructure in America. We authorized  $3.8 billion to respond to this issue. A few months ago, we authorized  one-tenth of that to respond to the Russian threat. We need to respond  to that threat in a much more robust manner.   I received a memo from our election authorities in Illinois  specifying how they plan to spend their grant funds and what they need  to do to be more certain that their election operations and machinery  are intact, and virtually every State can provide me with a similar  memo.   We need to respond to this threat in a meaningful, robust manner. We  know full well in Illinois what the Russians could have done to us. If  they had taken 500,000 voter registration records and simply changed  one number in the street address of each voter, let me tell you what  would have happened. When I turned up to vote in Springfield, IL, and  listed my home address, they would have said: No, that address doesn't  match our records. You can vote a provisional ballot if you wish. We  will look into it later.   That could have happened thousands of times. Thank goodness it  didn't, but that is the extent of our vulnerability. It is a suggestion  of what we might face again from the Russians, according to our own  Intelligence agencies.   Last year, the Department of Homeland Security notified election  officials in 20 other States that Russians attempted to hack into their  systems, including Texas, Iowa, and Florida--Mr. President, your home  State of Arizona--Oklahoma, Alabama, Pennsylvania, Alaska, Colorado,  North Dakota, Wisconsin, and Ohio.   We have to make sure we are prepared for future attacks on our  democracy. That is why I have joined Senator Leahy--who is on the floor  with me today--and Senator Klobuchar, preparing an amendment to the  appropriations legislation we are going to consider, offering an  additional $250 million in election security grants to our States.   When a similar amendment was offered at a committee markup last  month, we heard it was too early to talk about additional funding; we  need to wait and see how the $380 million earlier appropriated would be  spent.   We know the answer. At a recent Senate Rules Committee hearing, Cook  County Director of Elections Noah Praetz explained that though the $380  million was greatly appreciated, more resources are desperately needed.  He said: ``Given the costs of regular technology refreshes and support  for human resources with cyber capacity, the needed investment is very  large.''   Last week, when asked if the $380 million was enough to address the  problem, the President of the National Association of Secretaries of  State said: ``[N]o, to put it bluntly . . . Congress needs to come up  with some kind of a funding mechanism that is sustainable and year-in,  year-out, not once every 10 years.''   Just yesterday, a bipartisan group of State attorneys general asked  Congress for increased funding because many States lack the resources  and tools they need to protect their polling places.   I urge the adoption of the Leahy-Klobuchar amendment.   It is also time for the majority to heed former Senator Bill Frist's  sage advice when he wrote recently in the Washington Post:  ``[P]atriotism should always take priority over party.''   I say to the Presiding Officer, I know you know that, personally, and  you have proven it.   Senator Frist went on to say that ``staying silent is no longer an  option.''   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, it is interesting--I listened to my  colleague from Wisconsin, which is my neighboring State, talk about her  personal and family experience with healthcare. I think every one of us  has a story--it is our own personal story--or knows somebody in our  family who has a medical history, tells a story of whether they had the  proper care at the proper time, whether the family could afford it. And  then there is the big question: Can you buy health insurance if you  have a child with diabetes, if you have a wife who is suffering from  cancer and survived? Can you buy health insurance?   The interesting thing--I bet the Senator found this because I know  she is traveling all over her State of Wisconsin--this issue doesn't go  away because people's worry over it doesn't go away. They are worried  about whether they can afford to buy good health insurance. They are  worried about whether they can afford to buy prescription drugs. It is  that insecurity, that economic insecurity about healthcare that really  continues to make this the biggest issue year in, year out in America.   I thank my colleague from Wisconsin for telling her story and for  really giving my speech. So I am going to condense it and just say a  few things she might not have touched on. And I thank her for her  contribution earlier today.   It happened in my life at a very early age. My wife and I got  married. I was in law school. God sent us a beautiful little girl, and  she had a very serious medical problem. We were living here in  Washington, DC, and didn't have health insurance. I want to tell you  that you have never felt more helpless in your life than to be a new  father with that brand-new baby who desperately needs medical care and  not have health insurance. I will never forget it as long as I live. I  lived in such fear from that point forward of not having health  insurance coverage that I did crazy things--getting health insurance at  two different places of employment just to make sure I never lost it.  It scared me that much, and I still remember that fear. I wonder if the  people who are debating this issue about the Affordable Care Act ever  lived through it themselves, because if they did, they wouldn't be  standing here saying that we can do away with the Affordable Care Act.    We know what happens if you eliminate the Affordable Care Act.  Millions of Americans lose their health insurance. Millions of  Americans find health insurance not affordable. Millions of Americans  are desperate for protection, no longer have it, and can't access the  most basic, quality healthcare that every American should expect.   We had this debate. A new President came in and said: The first thing  I am going to do is to get rid of ObamaCare, to get rid of the  Affordable Care Act. Well, the obvious question was this: Could he do  it?   It looked like he might be able to. The Republicans controlled the  House and the Senate, and when they were in the majority with a  Democratic President, at least on 50 or 60 different occasions, the  House Republicans voted to abolish ObamaCare.   It was pointless because the Senate wasn't going to take it up, and  the President would never sign that bill into law, but you knew what  the sentiment was. We are getting rid of it. We are getting rid of it.  We heard about that year after year. We passed the Affordable Care Act  in 2010, and for year after year all the Republicans could say was  this: Get rid of it. Get rid of it.   Then came that moment when, figuratively, the dog caught the bus, and  they had an opportunity to present on the floor of the Senate an  alternative. What is it that you want to replace the Affordable Care  Act with? We said to our Republican friends: You are elected to this  body as legislators. Let's see your legislation.   It turns out that they didn't have any. They just wanted to make sure  ObamaCare was gone, but they couldn't find a replacement, and they  couldn't answer the basic question as to how they would provide health  insurance--or affordable health insurance--for the millions of people  who would lose coverage.   I remember the night--it was early in the morning it was--when we had  the vote--the vote--on whether to eliminate ObamaCare. Two Republican  Senators had already voted with us, but  [[Page S5257]]  the critical third vote walked in that door, and his name was John  McCain. He stood in that well and give a ``no'' sign with his thumb,  and that was it. The Affordable Care Act lived for another day.   Thank goodness he did it. Thank goodness he and two of his colleagues  had the courage to do it, to stand up and say: If you can't replace  ObamaCare with something better, for goodness' sake, stick with it, fix  it. That didn't happen.   After that vote, there was a determined effort at every level of the  Trump administration to do away with ObamaCare. If they couldn't kill  it on the floor of the Senate, they were going to kill it in many  different ways.   They limited the period of time when you signed up to renew your  health insurance. They wanted to have fewer and fewer days available,  hoping fewer and fewer people would take advantage of it.   They eliminated the navigators, the advisers who help people pick the  right health insurance plan. They didn't want to give advice. They  closed down the telephones to the agencies, where people would call  saying: Well, what is my right under the Affordable Care Act?   They did everything they could think of to eliminate ObamaCare and  make it more difficult for people to sign up for it, but still people  signed up. Many people realized it was their only chance--their only  chance--to get health insurance.   The Trump administration and Republicans in Congress are determined  to this day to get rid of it, and they have a new approach. If they  can't kill it outright in the Senate and they can't kill it by  President Trump's tweets, they are going to kill it in court.   Here is what they decided to do. Twenty attorneys general, starting  with Texas--and I see my friend from Texas on the floor; the leading  attorney general is from Texas--filed a lawsuit. Here is what they  said. It is unconstitutional to say that you cannot discriminate  against people because they have preexisting conditions.   Now, those are three negative words. So let me try to translate this  Helsinki style into something you might understand.   What they basically said is this: We don't believe the Constitution  can stop an insurance company from discriminating against people with a  medical history, and we are going to court to prove it. And they have,  with the support of the Trump administration.   They are trying to find a way to eliminate the protection of people  with preexisting conditions so that they can buy affordable quality  health insurance.   What an amazing mission that is--that these attorneys general and  this administration want to find a way to deny health insurance  coverage to millions of Americans or make it so expensive that they  could never afford it.   What are they thinking? Don't they represent the same flesh-and-blood  Americans as everyone else? Don't they represent families, as I do, and  all of us do, who have someone in their family with a medical history?  I guess a third of American families qualify for that. Yet they want to  say that those people should be discriminated against. Why? Because of  the misfortune they had of being born with a congenital birth defect or  the problem they had because they conquered cancer but always worry  about its coming back.    These are the things that my Republican friends say: Well, that is  the way it goes. Good luck in the insurance market. We are not going to  protect you.   They say what it is all about is choice. It is pretty easy to have  good choices in life when you are healthy or wealthy. But if you don't  fit in those two categories, your choices are extremely limited. People  find themselves with only bad choices if they are not healthy or  wealthy and they don't have the protection of the law. They find health  insurance premiums they cannot afford. When they find a premium they  can afford and start to look at the health insurance policy, it turns  out that it doesn't cover much.   They also find themselves in positions where, as I mentioned earlier,  someone in the family has a medical history. The wife has a medical  history and you can't buy a family plan that you can afford for the  rest of the family. That is the reality of the world the Republicans  envision us moving to. Oh, it may be some great economic market model,  but it doesn't work in reality--not in the reality of people who are  born with illnesses they have no control over and who spend their lives  fighting them and need a helping hand.   The Affordable Care Act gave them that helping hand. The Trump  administration and Republicans in Congress have been determined from  the beginning to put an end to this protection, to eliminate health  insurance for more and more Americans, and to make it unaffordable for  so many families. Is that why they ran for Congress? Is that why they  ran for the Senate--to go home and say: Well, sorry folks, but because  of my principles, you don't get health insurance. You can't afford the  health insurance being offered to you, or you can buy a junk policy  that just will not be there when you need it.   Is that what America is all about?   This is interesting to me, and I will close with this. The Chicago  Medical Society represents the doctors in the greater Chicagoland area.  I have come to know it. It is one of the best medical associations in  our State. It is more progressive than most and more thoughtful than  most. I really salute them time and again.   They did a poll of their members, and they asked them: Where do you  think this is going?   Well, first they said: We believe that people have a right to  quality, affordable healthcare--these are doctors--a right to quality,  affordable healthcare. Second, they said there are programs that work,  like Medicare, programs that people trust.   The premise behind Medicare is very basic. If you are of an eligible  age, you get health insurance. We make sure of it. We guarantee to you  that you are going to get quality care through a government-run  insurance program. There are a lot of Republicans who would like to see  Medicare and Medicaid go away, too, but America wouldn't. America  believes in it. I believe in the principle behind both of those plans-- that, as Americans, we should care for one another, give each and every  family a chance, and make certain that, at the end of the day,  healthcare is not just a privilege for those who happen to be wealthy.   I yield the floor.   