 Mr. President, I would like to start by thanking my  colleagues and especially my friend from Iowa, our senior Senator,  Chuck Grassley, for his tremendous work on this project and all of  those who participated in the discussions on the Secure and Succeed  Act.   This legislation puts us on the best path forward to provide a  permanent solution for our DACA recipients, all while strengthening our  borders and entry security. Our legislation addresses the unique  challenges faced by the DACA population, many of whom were brought to  America by their parents through no fault of their own when they were  just children.   In Iowa and across our Nation, DACA recipients are an integral part  of our community. They are our neighbors, they are our classmates, and  they are our fellow churchgoers.   This last summer, while I was at the Clay County Fair in Iowa, I was  approached by a young lady. She came up to me and said: Senator Ernst,  I would like to know where you stand on DACA.   So I explained my position to her.   Meanwhile, she is pulling out her billfold. Out of the billfold, she  pulled out a small card. She showed it to me, and she said: I am a DACA  recipient.   I said: Well, thank you for taking the time to come up to me and  sharing your story with me.   She was there with her younger siblings at the county fair, just  enjoying the day, and she explained her situation to me. She had been  brought into the country by her parents. They came illegally into the  country from Mexico. Then she pointed at her younger siblings, and she  said: They were born here. They are citizens, but I am not. I am not.   As we were standing there at the Clay County Fair, right by the Iowa  Army National Guard recruiting booth--I was a member of the Iowa Army  National Guard--she went on to explain to me that a while back she had  actually met with one of the recruiters, and they had told her: We  can't accept you. We can't accept you because you are a DACA recipient.   She expressed to me how disappointed she was. She wanted to join our  military. She wanted to serve this country--the only country she had  known to be her home, the country she loved. Her story and her  determination and her desire to serve this country and to defend our  freedoms were absolutely clear to me. This bill would allow DACA- eligible recipients to defend the only country they have ever known-- the country they love.    That said, I cannot overstate the importance of addressing the legal,  economic, and security concerns that are  [[Page S863]]  ever present in this debate. A huge priority of mine has been, and  remains, to provide border security. Our homeland and our borders must  be secure, period. Tragically, human, drug, and sex trafficking are  still viable markets in the darkest corners around this world.  Unfortunately, we have those corners of the world right here in our own  Nation. Ensuring the integrity of our immigration system is essential  in working to prevent these bad actors from infiltrating our very own  borders.   This legislation would direct funds toward bolstering our border  control and various degrees of security along the border, such as  physical and virtual fencing, radar, and other technologies. It also  cuts immigration loopholes and ensures that dangerous criminals are  denied entry.   This legislation addresses the current debate in a humane and  thoughtful manner, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to support  this commonsense pathway forward.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Carolina.   