 Mr. President, I appreciate the opportunity to speak  today about the nomination of Andrew Wheeler to be the Deputy  Administrator of the EPA--an extremely important position.   Mr. Wheeler's expertise and experience make him extraordinarily  qualified to become the Deputy Administrator. I am a little biased when  it comes to Mr. Wheeler because he has great family roots in the State  of West Virginia, which, to me, is a good recommendation in and of  itself. I think his wealth of knowledge over the years working on  environmental policy in the public and in the private sectors is just  incredible. His knowledge and experience will be a tremendous asset to  the Agency and to the American people. He understands--watching policy  being made and helping policy being made himself but also then  transitioning to the private sector and watching how that policy then  influences the private sector as well. He has had an active hand in  significant environmental--energy--and infrastructure policy  achievements and debates and probably some of the failures that we have  had, as well as the confirmation of numerous Presidential nominees. So  Andrew will have a head start. He will hit the ground running, and that  is what we need at the EPA.   Andrew was also tasked with coordinating and working with the various  agencies within the committee's jurisdiction. Most importantly, he has  been and was tasked with this, so he worked with other agencies while  he was a staffer.   Beginning in 2009, Mr. Wheeler went into the private sector,  continuing his work in environmental and energy policy. Throughout his  career, he has worked with individuals and stakeholders who run the  political gamut, and he has left a very positive impression on them.   During his confirmation hearing in our EPW Committee, he was very  forthright in his answers, very willing to look deeper into certain  areas, and very willing to not express an opinion if he didn't really  know or was unsure of some of the details. Actually, I think he  exhibited a real curiosity as to how he could make the EPA run smoother  and better and be more reflective of what the President and we here in  the Senate and people across this country see as a vision for the EPA.   I have also been impressed by the number of individuals who know Mr.  Wheeler and who have come forward and spoken about his expertise and  his willingness to collaborate on issues all across the country. He has  had an active role in my State of West Virginia, which is a high  energy-producing State.   I urge my colleagues to vote to confirm Mr. Wheeler. They will have  no regret. I look forward to working with him at the EPA on issues that  are important to my State of West Virginia and across the country.   I yield back.   