 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent  that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their  remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 5797.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, the opioid epidemic is ravaging this Nation. Families  have been torn apart; lives have been destroyed; and communities are  endangered.   This crisis does not discriminate. Americans from all walks of life  in all 50 States are being held hostage by the scourge of opioids.   Tragically, the opioid epidemic claims the lives of 115 Americans on  average each day. In my home of Orange County, California, 361 people  died from opioid overdoses in 2015. That accounts for a 50 percent  increase in overdose deaths since 2006.   According to the OC Health Care Agency's 2017 ``Opioid Overdose and  Death in Orange County'' report, the rate of opioid-related emergency  room visits increased by more than 140 percent since 2005. Between 2011  and 2015, Orange County emergency rooms treated nearly 7,500 opioid  overdose and abuse cases.   We can put an end to these tragic statistics by providing full access  to various treatment options to those seeking help with their  addictions. While many of these patients may benefit from outpatient  help, others need highly specialized inpatient treatment to ensure they  are receiving the most clinically appropriate care.   The IMD CARE Act will increase access to care for certain Medicaid  beneficiaries with opioid use disorder who need the most intensive care  possible: inpatient care.   Current law prohibits the Federal Government from providing Federal  Medicaid matching funds to States to provide mental disease care to  Medicaid-eligible patients aged 21 to 64 in facilities defined as  institutes of mental diseases, commonly known as IMDs. This IMD  exclusion means that Federal dollars may not be provided for the care  of Medicaid-eligible patients in this age group for substance use  disorder treatments at hospitals, nursing facilities, or other  institutions with more than 16 beds.   It is time to repeal the IMD exclusion and remove this outdated  barrier to inpatient treatment. The IMD CARE Act would allow States to  repeal for 5 years the IMD exclusion for adult Medicaid beneficiaries  who have an opioid use disorder, which includes heroin and fentanyl.   These beneficiaries would receive treatment in an IMD for up to 30  days over a 12-month period, during which time the beneficiary would be  regularly assessed to ensure their treatment and health needs require  inpatient care. The bill would also require the IMD to develop an  outpatient plan for the individual's ongoing treatment upon discharge.   Throughout the Energy and Commerce Committee's work on the opioid  crisis, the IMD exclusion is consistently identified as a significant  barrier to care for Medicaid patients. Not every patient needs  treatment in an IMD, but those who do are often among the most  vulnerable. What once was a well-intended exclusion on Federal Medicaid  spending has since prevented individuals from seeking treatment.   In the light of the opioid epidemic, I believe my legislation strikes  the right balance. I know some have suggested States continue to seek  CMS waivers to allow Medicaid to pay for IMD care. Waivers can be a  good option for some States, but not all States want a waiver. In fact,  less than half of the States have applied for a waiver. Additionally, a  waiver can take a substantial amount of time to develop, review, and  approve.   We are losing too many friends and family members to force States to  navigate a lengthy and uncertain waiver process. The IMD CARE Act  allows  [[Page H5336]]  States to act now to ensure patients who are suffering from addiction  get the care they need.   The National Governors Association and the American Hospital  Association have endorsed this legislation. Other organizations, such  as the National Association of State Medicaid Directors and the  National Association of State Mental Health Directors, have supported  the idea of Congress addressing the IMD.   While the repeal of the IMD exclusion would increase mandatory  outlays and add costs to the Medicaid system, the IMD CARE Act is fully  paid for by curbing unnecessary Federal and State Medicaid outlays.   I want to thank Chairman Walden and my colleagues on the House Energy  and Commerce Committee for their support of this bill, which will  provide much needed care to Americans suffering from opioid use  disorder. Through the IMD CARE Act, Congress has a unique opportunity  to remove a barrier to care and bring specialized treatment to Medicaid  patients who desperately need it.    Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to support this important bill  today, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Burgess).    Mr. Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Walden), chairman of the Committee on Energy  and Commerce.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, the opioid crisis requires us to act now. The IMD  exclusion is consistently identified as a significant barrier to care  by State Medicaid directors and numerous other stakeholder groups. We  need to pass this bill in order to increase access to acute, short-term  inpatient treatment. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and help  individuals suffering with opioid addiction.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in  opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee), my  colleague, for offering this amendment to H.R. 5797.   This amendment seeks to add several components to a State report that  is included in H.R. 5797. I appreciate Mr. Kildee's work on this  amendment. I think that this information would be valuable, and I am  happy to accept the amendment. However, I want to note that we will  need to talk to States about the information this amendment would have,  and then report. Changes may have to be made, depending on that  feedback.   I am committed to working out the technical details of the amendment  as we move into conference.   Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my point of  order.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in  opposition to the motion.    Mr. Speaker, the Energy and Commerce  Committee has worked hard to make this monumental first step in  removing a decades-old barrier.   Currently the law prohibits Medicaid beneficiaries aged 21 to 64 from  receiving care in an institution for mental disease, or IMD. This  prohibition was set into law in the 1960s, long before the opioid  crisis, and the time to repeal it in a targeted manner is now.   Now is the time, because 115 Americans are dying each day from  opioid-related deaths. Now is the time, because  [[Page H5344]]  on average, 1,000 people are treated in emergency rooms for opioid  misuse.   I am happy to work with my colleagues on expanding addiction  treatment services, but that should not distract from what we are  considering today: increasing access to specialized inpatient treatment  for the most vulnerable in society who are struggling with an opioid  addiction.   We are helping to ensure that people get the care they need in the  midst of this crisis, and most importantly, it will save lives.   A recent MACPAC report clearly stated that the Medicaid IMD exclusion  acts as a barrier for individuals with an opioid use disorder and is  one of the few instances in Medicaid where Federal financial  participation cannot be used for medically necessary and otherwise  covered services for a specific Medicaid enrollee population receiving  treatment in a specific setting.   The IMD CARE Act is vital to helping our communities end the opioid  epidemic by removing that barrier. This bill provides for a targeted  repeal of the IMD prohibition. The bill gives States a quicker  alternative than Medicaid waivers to provide this much needed care.  This bill was carefully crafted to ensure that patients are not being  held in IMDs for longer than necessary and the bill also includes an  offset.   For these reasons, the National Governors Association and the  American Hospital Association support the bill.   Numerous stakeholder groups have identified the IMD exclusion repeal  as one of the most significant reforms we can make to end the opioid  crisis.   This is such a critical first step.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this motion to recommit  and to vote ``yes'' on final passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   