 Mr. President, I rise today to offer a bipartisan  amendment with my colleague, the junior Senator from Wisconsin. Our  measure would provide much needed funding for the Defense POW/MIA  Accounting Agency, or the DPAA, so they can continue the important work  of identifying and accounting for our missing servicemembers from  conflicts around the globe.   Tragically, more than 83,000 Americans remain missing from World War  II, the Korean war, the Cold War, and the Vietnam war. Many more remain  unaccounted for as a result of more recent conflicts. The Defense POW/ MIA Accounting Agency is an agency within the Department of Defense  whose mission is to recover personnel listed as prisoners of war or  missing in action. Their core task is to provide the fullest possible  accounting for these personnel to their families and to this Nation.  The value of the work being done by DPAA cannot be overstated. No  matter when an American servicemember goes missing, our commitment to  fully investigating what happened and bringing closure to their family  should never waver.   I am honored to represent one of DPAA's forensic laboratories,  located at Offutt Air Force Base. There, they are currently working to  identify the sailors lost in the sinking of the USS Oklahoma during  World War II and conducting forensic identification of the Tuskegee  Airmen who remain listed as missing in action.   As a result of North Korea's recent agreement with the United States,  DPAA's work has taken on added significance. In July, North Korea  turned over 55 boxes containing the possible remains of DOD personnel  lost during the Korean war, who must now be processed and identified.  On several occasions, North Korean officials have indicated they  possess as many as 200 sets of remains they have recovered over the  years. To this day, there are still 5,300 U.S. military personnel who  remain listed as missing in action and are presumed deceased during the  Korean war, their remains still located in North Korea.   For the families of those lost, this is a long-awaited opportunity to  gain closure and to give their loved ones the respectful, dignified  remembrance they deserve. For that to happen, we must ensure that DPAA  has the resources it needs to conduct the forensic analysis of these  new remains and continue working to locate and account for American  servicemembers. That is why I am offering this amendment, which will  provide $10 million in fully offset funding to allow DPAA to cover this  additional workload. By supporting this amendment, we can ensure that  this influx of new work can be handled without delay and that the  talented men and women of DPAA have the support necessary to continue  this important task.   For the families of those lost in service, it is never too late to  offer closure, and for our heroes in uniform, it is never too late to  remember and to honor their sacrifice.   I thank the junior Senator from Wisconsin, the junior Senator from  Massachusetts, and all of our cosponsors who have aided in this effort.  I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment and  lending our voice to the memory of our missing and fallen  servicemembers.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 5:30  votes take place immediately.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   