 Mr. Speaker, I thank the vice chairman, Mr. Lance,  for the work that he has done on this issue and the ranking member, Mr.  Doyle, for his work on this.   As Mr. Doyle mentioned, many of these issues are complex, and they  are things that we do approach on a bipartisan basis.   The bill that we have before us on rural call completion is something  that Mr. Young and Mr. Welch have put time and effort into. They fully  understand that while so many of us who work here in an area where a  call going through is something that you just take for granted that it  is going to happen, that in many parts of our districts, like my  district in Tennessee with rural counties, many times you will have  those dropped calls or they are degraded calls, or you cannot get the  call to go through at all.   In times of emergency and in times of trauma for families, when they  are trying desperately to get in touch with elderly parents or with  home healthcare providers, to get that constant busy signal just adds  to that stress of life and that concern for the wellbeing of those who  are on the other end of that phone.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. Welch and Mr. Young for the job that they  have done to push forward with this legislation.   As was mentioned earlier, we have previously passed this in the  House, and we are pleased that the Senate has moved forward, has taken  this up; and we are seeking to finish this up and move it to the  President's desk.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, and I encourage everyone to  support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the vice chairman and the  ranking member for their persistence on this measure. I also commend  Mr. Gohmert, who has worked with Kari's dad and has seen this through.   We are pleased to get this on its way to the President's desk.  Indeed, we are going to continue to work on the enhanced 911  requirements because we do think that that is important. Technology  allows more precise indications of exactly, precisely where phone calls  are coming from. But solving this problem is one we need to do today.   All of us who are moms and dads and have children and grandchildren,  you train them to dial 911. I am certain that that is what Kari did  with her daughter: If there is ever an emergency, dial 911.   And the fact is that this required the preceding digit, an extra  number, to be dialed in order to access that outside line that would  have delivered that 911 call.   So as we look at 50 years of 911 service and Kari's 36th birthday,  which is coming up tomorrow, it is so appropriate that we take this  action. So I thank Mr. Gohmert and the members of the committee who  have continued the diligence on this.   Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it  gives me great pleasure to yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from the California (Ms. Eshoo), a valuable member of our  Energy and Commerce Committee.   