 I thank the Senator from Rhode Island.   Yes, we are already feeling dramatic changes in California.   Let me give you an example. Off our coast, the ocean has become 25 to  45 percent more acidic. It has 20 percent less oxygen, and it is nearly  a full degree warmer than previous decades. All of that is according to  the National Climate Assessment.   These conditions have led to harmful algal blooms, a marine heat wave  from 2014 to 2016, invasive Humboldt squid, the disruption of the crab,  shellfish, and fishing industry. So it is being felt.   In fact, the impact has been so great, a number of Pacific coast  fishermen are now suing 30 fossil fuel companies for damages.   At the same time, the seas are rising. The longest running tidal  gauge in the Western Hemisphere is at the Golden Gate Bridge, and it  has been recording sea levels since 1854.   Now, as this chart shows--and this is sea level rise at the Golden  Gate Bridge--the sea has risen 9 inches in that time, which the  National Climate Assessment attributes mostly to thermal expansion of  ocean water and the melting of glaciers and polar ice sheets. This is  already threatening San Francisco's historic waterfront. The seawall is  seriously deteriorating and must be upgraded to handle the stronger  storms and higher tides we are already seeing and will continue to see  in the future.   I just met a week or so ago with the head of the Bay Area Rapid  Transit System, and that is BART II, and they are talking about  increasing the number of trains in the II by some three times. One  wonders what is going to happen if the seawall continues to  deteriorate. The city will move. It is going to be very costly, but it  will be repaired. But it is a signal of what is coming.   Last month, our city's residents approved a $425 million bond to help  pay for the project of restoring the Embarcadero Seawall. As you can  see, we are looking at another 2.5 to 3.5 feet of sea rise by the end  of this century. If you just look at this chart, you see the amount of  sea rise.   Worse, if ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica collapse into the  oceans, the ``Climate Science Special Report'' last year warned that  sea levels could rise as high as 8 feet by the end of this century.  That is an 8-foot rise by the end of this century. That would truly be  catastrophic.   Scientists are carefully studying the Greenland and Antarctica ice  sheets, as the Senator from Rhode Island well knows, to understand  whether we can slow or avoid their collapse into the ocean. Last year  alone, we saw an iceberg larger than the size of the State of Rhode  Island break off of Antarctica's Larsen C ice shelf. Events like this  could give us clues into what large-scale melting may look like.    Antarctica holds 90 percent of the world's ice, and the rate of ice  melting and calving increased six-fold from 1994 to 2012--a six-time  increase in 10 years. It is amazing.   According to an eye-opening report from National Geographic last  year, if the West Antarctic ice sheet collapses, as some researchers  think may already be happening, it will eventually raise sea levels  worldwide by 10 feet. This is a picture right out of National  Geographic. A whole issue is devoted to this and the rifting of this  huge glacier and what happens when it breaks out. That is where there  are different views, of course, but some say the seas could rise as  much as 10 feet.   I really suspect, between you and me and the outside world, that it  is going to be some calamitous effect that shakes us up enough to do  what we need to do about it. We have been very slow to respond.   National Geographic reports, as well, that 90 percent of the 674  glaciers in this area of the continent are now in retreat--90 percent  of them--and calving more icebergs into the sea; that means they are  splitting and breaking off, including the one that is photographed  right here. A full collapse of the ice sheets in Greenland and West  Antarctica would eventually raise sea levels about 35 feet, it is  estimated.   I drove through the San Francisco Marina District, and I thought, Oh,  my gosh, what can happen in 15, 20, 50 years--our grandchildren--and it  is really startling.   But rising sea levels are far from the only problem. Wildfire and  drought are already reshaping my State. The California drought from  2011 to 2016 was made worse because of climate change: higher  temperatures, depleted groundwater, and reduced snowpack. Large parts  of California, including the Central Valley, which produces the  majority of our Nation's fruits and vegetables, had to depend on  groundwater pumping that will not always be available, and the National  Climate Assessment warns that global warming will reduce the rate that  groundwater replenishes aquifers by 10 to 20 percent. So we have a real  problem.   I want to add to that. I have been to big fires; as a matter of fact,  I traveled with President Bush to a San Diego fire in a subdivision,  and then, years later, I went to the Sonoma fire. It was a fire that  burned so hot that the subdivision I visited, which was the Coffey  subdivision--the block that had houses on all four sides was entirely  burned down, and the ground had turned to sand. There wasn't a metal  structure; there wasn't a brick chimney; there was nothing that was  above ground.   I called one of the chiefs, the head of State fire, and I said: Tell  me what is happening.   He said: The Santa Anas have reversed. The winds are blowing 40 to 60  knots. The fire outruns us, and we can't lay line.   So what happened--and the meaning, of course, is that you depend more  and more on air, which means C-130s, and having to get them.  Fortunately we got seven, and I went and saw that two are being  repaired and adjusted to carry water. But that is what is happening,  and we really have to come to terms with it.   This new, big fire, which is the largest fire California has ever  had, burned down 15,000 homes, if you can believe it. This is a picture  of what the area looks like. Wildfire alone has burned nearly 2 million  acres now--15,000 homes. It has killed 94 people. And wildfire is the  deadliest and most destructive season we have on record this year.   This picture was taken by a member of my staff in the city of  Paradise, which was absolutely devastated, as you can tell--hulls of  cars. I have even been to a fire that has burned so hot that you don't  see any of the surrounding door metal, and you don't see any tires  left.   So the terror of fire--and just as an anecdote, I read one story  about an elderly couple who left their home and jumped in the pool, and  he held his wife in the pool all night, and she passed away in his  arms. This is the kind of thing we face in California.   Let me ask the Senator from Rhode Island this: Wildfires are a  problem for more than just Western States. Haven't fires affected even  Rhode Island on the other coast?    I am sorry; what kind of?    There are all kinds of exciting developments and  innovation. Let me talk a little bit more about it.   My understanding is that for 2018, researchers expect that emissions  will grow by 2.4 percent, and the United States is part of this trend,  showing a 2.5-percent increase in emissions due to our oil and gas use.   So the first thing is that we need to move away from carbon, and we  need to do it quickly. California is producing--you can use noncarbon  electricity, and it works.   One of the things I have been really concerned about as a grandmother  is, as time goes by, what is the impact? If I understand the history  well, the Earth has warmed, since the Industrial Revolution, about 1 to  2 degrees. They say that if it warms another 1 to 2 degrees, it is  handleable, but it will be difficult. If it warms 4 to 9 degrees, we  will have the potential to destroy the planet. I think those figures,  as they become more refined as time goes on, really send us the  challenge.   It is hard here because--it was hard in California. Until I went home  on this last break, I had never seen people on the streets with masks  on. Yet there it was in San Francisco, by the Golden Gate, with the  wind blowing, and the smoke was so thick in the morning that when you  looked out a window, you were lucky if you could see two blocks. Those  are the kinds of fires that warming encourages.   So I want to salute you for your work. You have been our leader. I  think you have been terrific. I think what we really need to do is to  set some standards for our government to follow as they set regulations  for the future. It is going to be difficult, people won't like it, and  there will be differences between us, but we should have that  discussion, and we should recognize the fact that we can't keep going  as we are now.   Now, California is responding. As I drove and campaigned there  through many different counties and saw some of the alternatives to  carbon in terms of the towers and wind and those kinds of things--you  see where it is happening, but it is not happening enough, and it is  not taken as seriously as it should be.   So what I want to say is that I really want to work with you. I  believe the people of my State--all 40-plus million of us--want a  solution that will work. I thank you, and I am delighted to be part of  this small dialogue.    If I may respond just briefly, the State has mandated  that 50 percent of its electricity must come from renewable sources by  2030. We are actually ahead of schedule and on track to reach that  deadline by 2020. If we do, we will both be here. I hope that will be a  real signal to people that standards can be set and they can be met and  that we can save this planet.   I thank the Senator very much.    I thank the Senator.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   