 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to discuss my strong  opposition to the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh for a lifetime  appointment to the U.S. Supreme Court.   There are few issues I take more seriously as a Senator than my duty  to consider and vote on Supreme Court nominees. It was watching the  Clarence Thomas hearings and seeing how my voice and the voices of  people like me all across the country were not being heard that got me  to run for the Senate in the first place. I believe it is one of the  most important jobs we have on behalf of our constituents.   During my time in the Senate, I have had the opportunity to consider  nominees from Democrats and from Republicans. For each one of these  nominees, I made my evaluation and based my decision on their  experience and record and on my understanding of whether they would  uphold the Constitution and protect our rights and freedoms.   I voted for some of them, including a nominee from President Bush. I  voted against some of them, each on their merits and each based on how  I thought they would serve, but this time is different. There will  still be scrutiny. There absolutely needs to be. This time we know  everything we need to know already. This time, the balance of the Court  is on the line. We know exactly where this nominee will fall on  specific issues, no matter what vague answers he chooses to deliver  throughout this process. We know this because President Trump told us  openly, publicly, and repeatedly.   More than any President I have seen, he has been explicit about what  he expects from his nominee. He has laid out specific tests and  promised to only pick nominees from a prescreened list of people who  would absolutely meet them.   Here is what he has said, and here is how we know exactly what this  nominee will do. President Trump has said he wants a nominee who is  fully committed to overturning Roe v. Wade, criminalizing abortions,  and rolling back women's ability to access contraception and other  basic healthcare.   On the campaign trail, he promised that Roe v. Wade ``can be  changed'' and that he was going to be ``putting pro-life justices on  the court'' so that it would be overturned ``automatically.''   He has said he wants a nominee who would immediately declare  healthcare reform unconstitutional and cut off access to care for  people with preexisting conditions.   On the campaign trail, he criticized Chief Justice Roberts because  he--this is him--``should have, frankly, ended ObamaCare, and he  didn't'' and promised ``a strong test'' for a ``strong conservative''  who would be different from Roberts on healthcare.   He has made it clear that he wants a nominee who would keep handing  more power to massive corporations and the wealthiest Americans and  keep diluting the power of regular voters. He has made it clear that he  wants a nominee who would eliminate protections that preserve the air  we breathe and the water we drink. He has made it clear that he wants a  nominee who would roll back the rights and freedoms for our workers,  for LGBTQ Americans, and for so many others.   So there is no doubt. It could not be any clearer. For a nominee who  would swing the balance of the Court--I am going to believe that  President Trump has told us the truth, and I am going to believe that  the extreme rightwing groups who wrote this list for him are sure about  where this nominee stands.   So I want to be very clear to anyone who may doubt it or who may  think they need to learn more before making a decision. A vote for  President Trump's Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to allow five men on the  Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade, criminalize abortion in America,  and roll back the progress we have made to help more women and girls  access the basic healthcare they need. A vote for President Trump's  Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to put the government, bosses, and men in  charge of the reproductive rights and freedoms of women and girls. A  vote for President Trump's Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to go back to the  days when women had to go into back alleys for healthcare, when women  had to ask for permission, when women were shamed, and when women and  girls died because of the laws of our land. We unfortunately already  know all too well what this looks like because there are States  nationwide where extreme politicians have chipped away at women's  healthcare rights and have been waiting for exactly this moment--for  someone exactly like Judge Kavanaugh--to go even further.   But that is not all. A vote for President Trump's Judge Kavanaugh is  a vote to end protections for people with preexisting conditions and go  back to the bad old days when insurance companies were in charge and  people would have to pay more or be cut off from care simply for being  sick.   A vote for President Trump's Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to give  massive corporations even more power over our economy, our workers, and  our elections.   A vote for President Trump's Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to eliminate  environmental protections and make our air and water dirtier and less  safe, erasing so much of the progress we have made in recent decades.   A vote for President Trump's Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to step back  from the progress we have made to expand rights and freedoms and basic  human decency to LGBTQ Americans.   I could go on, and in the coming days and weeks, as we learn even  more about the ways Judge Kavanaugh will fulfill President Trump's  promises, I absolutely will.   I voted against Judge Kavanaugh when he was nominated for the circuit  court, and I strongly oppose this nomination now. I will be urging my  colleagues to stand with me in rejecting him and calling on President  Trump to send us someone who will stand with women and workers and  families and who will truly commit to respecting settled law and the  rights and freedoms we hold so dear.   I will be here urging people across the country to stand up and speak  out and make their voices heard.   This is a critical moment right now. The U.S. Senate has the power to  stop this Court from swinging against our rights and freedoms, and  every Senator needs to know they will be held accountable for their  vote.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   