 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 3021,  America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. I thank Chairman Shuster,  Ranking Member DeFazio, Chairman Graves, and our own respective staffs  for their work on this legislation. It is encouraging to see the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee continue in a bipartisan  fashion on this legislation every 2 years.   The bill authorizes Army Corps of Engineers' feasibility studies;  chief's reports; and section 7001 water resource projects across the  country for a diverse array of purposes, including flood damage  reduction, ecosystem restoration, water supply, navigation, and other  things.   The bill also includes important provisions that both the House and  the Senate have worked on to improve EPA water programs.   I am pleased to have coauthored several provisions that will assist  communities experiencing stormwater challenges and drought with  additional water supply and water treatment options.   Section 4106 authorizes $450 million in grants to cities over the  next 2 years to plan, design, and construct stormwater, water  recycling, and sewer overflow projects. This is incredibly important in  my area in Los Angeles, which is addressing a new MS4 stormwater permit  and is implementing water recycling projects as a way to address long- term drought and climate change.   Section 1164 requires the Corps to work with local governments on  integrated water resources planning to incorporate locally developed  plans for stormwater management, water quality improvement, and water  recycling in Corps projects.   Section 1146 makes permanent my provision from WRDA 16 that allows  public agencies or private companies to remove sediment from Army Corps  dams in order for the dams to be more efficient for water supply and  flood control operations. There was a particular problem of sediment  buildup in several of our dams, including the Santa Fe and San Gabriel  Dams in my region.   Section 4304 creates an EPA water infrastructure and workforce  investment program, which will provide grants to educational  institutions, workforce development organizations, and water agencies  to provide training in the water sector. The water agencies in my  district have been strongly supportive of creating this program,  because many employees in the water sector are retiring and workforce  training is needed for new water technologies.   Section 4306 formally authorizes and improves the EPA WaterSense  program, which creates a national standard for the labeling of water- efficient products. Local, State, and Federal agencies can then give  rebates to individuals and businesses that purchase these WaterSense- approved products, in order to decrease overall water consumption  demands.   Section 1222 requires the Corps to assess forecast-informed  operations in water control manuals to ensure that dams are being used  effectively to maximize local water supply. Some of them are more than  40 years old.    I am confident that this bill, if enacted, will  provide drought-prone regions like mine with the tools necessary to  increase water supply through water recycling and capturing and  treating stormwater.   I want to thank my constituent water agencies for their input  throughout this process, including the Upper San Gabriel Valley  Municipal Water District; the Three Valleys Municipal Water District;  the San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District; the San Gabriel Valley  WaterMaster; the Los Angeles County Department of Public Works; and my  local Corps leadership in General Helmlinger, Colonel Gibbs, and David  Van Dorpe.   Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to support this bill.   