 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of S. 140.   I strongly support this bill, but I want to speak today about one  particular piece of it--the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act--which I  helped introduce, along with Mr. Rokita.   Mr. Speaker, I often stand in this House to oppose interference from  the heavy hand of the Federal Government, and this is no different.   In 2004, the National Labor Relations Board, unilaterally, decided  that it needed to meddle in the affairs of Tribally owned businesses on  Tribal lands. This is a board that was set up to oversee union  elections but has become the bureaucratic arm of big labor.   By further expanding its jurisdiction, the National Labor Relations  Board threatened the foundation of Indian law, the principle of Tribal  sovereignty, and the limits of a small Federal Government.   Since the Obama administration implemented this incredible government  overreach, dozens of Tribes have supported legislation to clarify that  the NLRB's jurisdiction does not extend to Tribes. The conservative,  small government legislation we consider today would make that  necessary correction.   Native American Tribes around the country, and especially in my home  State of South Dakota, are plagued with grinding poverty, high  unemployment, substance abuse, and poor healthcare. They continually  seek economic development through self-determination, and the last  thing that they need, when trying to improve economic opportunities for  their citizens, is a Federal bureaucracy further meddling with their  efforts.   Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, I believe that subjecting Native American  Tribes to National Labor Relations Board rules is yet another sign that  some still want the Federal Government to interfere with Tribal  decisionmaking.   I have sponsored the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, and this House has  passed it multiple times.   I am proud that many South Dakota Tribes have long supported the  bill, including the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe, the Oglala Sioux Tribe,  and the Great Plains Tribal Chairman's Association.   I urge my colleagues to withdraw the heavy hand of government and  again support Tribal sovereignty.   