 Mr. President, as people around the Nation listen to  this floor debate, I am sure they can hear the divisions about  immigration loud and clear. I know I can. Immigration policy is hard,  it is emotional, and it has vexed this Congress for decades.   While the floor debate we are having right now can be trying and can  be thrown off-kilter by one more ill-timed tweet from the President, we  have to keep our eyes on the ball because as tough as it may seem right  here, the stakes are so much higher for millions of people who live  every day in this country, trapped in a broken immigration system. They  face the constant fear of deportation, and they suffer from the threat  of being ripped apart from their families, their friends, and the  communities that they love.   Just like the deep divisions we see on this issue across the country,  finding a path forward in the Senate, in the House, and all the way to  the White House is not going to be easy, but tackling the tough issues  and engaging in fair and honest debate is why we are here. Creating a  more perfect union is why we are here. Finding a bipartisan path  forward both to secure our borders and protect the futures of so many  hard-working families is why we are here.   First, we have to agree to some basic truths. To start, Dreamers-- hundreds of thousands of our friends and neighbors, our teachers,  firefighters, servicemembers, and students--are not criminals. They are  not MS-13 gang members nor are they the shadowy pictures depicted in  disgusting campaign ads in the President's speeches.   They are not a drain on our economy. In fact, Dreamers are just the  opposite, contributing in countless ways to our communities and  enriching the lives of so many others.   So who are Dreamers?   Dreamers are determined; they are passionate; they are American in  every way except on paper. They are fighting for the only lives they  have ever known. They are fighting for their loved ones with everything  they have, and they are trying to do it the right way.  [[Page S896]]    A few years back, when Congress had fallen down on its job to fix the  broken immigration system, Dreamers stepped up to work in good faith  with the Federal Government--Dreamers like Jose Manuel Vasquez, who  grew up in south Seattle. He didn't know he was not a natural born  citizen until he went to get a driver's license. Thanks to the DACA  Program, Jose Manuel was able to graduate from the University of  Washington. He started a tech business, and he volunteers at local  nonprofits.   Another Dreamer who grew up in Pasco, WA, described being 4 years old  when he was taken to the airport to fly to the United States. He said  that he was so young, he didn't understand what was going on. He only  recalls being confused about why he couldn't bring all of his toys with  him to his new home in America. Years later, after he enrolled in DACA,  he said that he was able to quit working in manual labor and start  working as a personal banker at Wells Fargo.   There are hundreds of thousands of Dreamers with similar stories.  They came out of the shadows. They paid their taxes. They kept  promises. They underwent background checks and did the hard work, even  if only for a temporary shot at the opportunity so many others in this  country have taken for granted.   What Dreamers are is the embodiment of so much of what this country  was founded on. That is truth No. 1.   Truth No. 2: We all want to keep America safe, with commonsense  border security measures, and for anyone to claim otherwise is merely  making an attempt to muddy the debate so that critics can retreat to  their partisan corners, fall back on hateful rhetoric, and try to stop  a bipartisan bill from actually moving forward.   The reality is, no matter what political party you ascribe to,  protecting and defending the safety of fellow citizens and preventing  those who could do us harm from entering this country is something we  all believe in and something we are all working for, which leads me to  truth No. 3; that is, despite failed attempts in the past, today is a  new day and a new chance to finally fix our broken immigration system  for the Dreamers who call our country home. It is a new chance to honor  our country's rich tradition of welcoming people from around the world  who add to the rich tapestry of our Nation, who enrich our communities,  and who will write the next chapter of our Nation's history. It is a  new chance for my Republican colleagues to stand by their word and do  what they said--work with Democrats in good faith to find a bipartisan  path forward that will allow Dreamers to stay here in the country they  call home.   I hope Congress finally has the will to see this through, to be a  nation of laws and a land of opportunity. With the right piece of  legislation, we can do both.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   