 Mr. Speaker, first, I want to applaud the American  Legislative Exchange Council members who are joining us tonight and  their CEO, Lisa Nelson, and her staff. I thank them for attending.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5509, the Innovations  in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act.   Presently, the American economy faces a shortage of 6 million skilled  workers, a number expected to reach 11 million by 2022. This workforce  shortage will only continue to grow unless we focus on training the  next generation of skilled workers.   In Arizona, we are seeing rapid growth in the science, technology,  and engineering fields. Our aerospace industry is being strengthened by  the creation of university partnerships like the ASU Research  Enterprise and Aerospace Arizona.   In order to support these growing industries, we must take action.  This legislation is a step in that direction by providing grants for  innovative approaches to STEM education and related workforce  development. The bill expands the workforce pipeline in STEM fields  through experiments with apprenticeships and other applied learning  opportunities for college students and places a focus on the  enhancement of 2-year degree programs and technical skill certificates  in order to meet the shortage of qualified candidates at all levels.   I want to thank the majority leader for bringing this legislation  forward, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6229, the  National Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthorization Act of  2018.   As a cosponsor of this legislation, I understand the importance of  positioning the United States as a strong leader in scientific research  and development. This bill supports basic quantum information science  research and standards development, and provides funds to address  fundamental research gaps, create a stronger workforce pipeline, and  allow the United States to take the lead in developing global quantum  standards and measures.   This bill also supports developments in our national security. As  cybersecurity threats from across the globe increase, it is important  the Federal Government have the guidelines in place to defend against  potential cyber attacks and protect our sensitive information against  foreign adversaries.   The bill also provides for the Institute to expand its fundamental  and applied cybersecurity research to address key questions relating to  measurement of privacy, security, and vulnerability of software tools  and communications networks.   I want to thank Representative Comstock for introducing this  legislation to push the United States forward, and for Chairman Smith's  leadership in advancing the scientific position of the United States.   