 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule and in support  of the underlying bills: H.R. 772, the Common Sense Nutrition  Disclosure Act of 2017; H.R. 1153, the Mortgage Choice Act of 2017; and  my bill, H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act of 2018.   Both H.R. 1153 and H.R. 4771 have received strong bipartisan support  in the Financial Services Committee, and I urge my colleagues to  support this rule.   The goal of H.R. 4771 is one that I have been pushing for the past  few years to help our small banks thrive and serve their communities.  Since that is a shared goal on both sides of the aisle, I am grateful  that Mr. Gottheimer and Mr. Meeks joined me in cosponsoring this bill.   The Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act of 2018 is a very simple  bill that helps small banks and savings and loan companies get the  access to capital they need to serve the financial needs of small  businesses and individuals in their communities.   This bill would simply raise the consolidated asset threshold under  the Federal Reserve's Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement from  $1 billion to $3 billion in assets.   Raising the asset threshold means that hundreds of additional small  banks and thrift holding companies around the country will qualify for  coverage under the policy statement and, therefore, be exempt from  certain regulatory and capital guidelines.   These exemptions make it easier for these small holding companies to  raise capital and issue debt. Many holding companies that are above the  current threshold face challenges with regard to capital formation,  which is particularly of concern for small institutions that are  struggling to meet higher capital level demands by regulators.   The Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement was first issued in  1980 and provides exemptions from certain capital guidelines for small  bank institutions. These capital standards were originally established  for larger institutions and disproportionately harm small bank holding  companies.   The policy statement also makes it easier to form new banks and  thrift holding companies and to make the acquisitions by issuing debt  at the holding company level.   These are all important tools in ensuring that our smallest  institutions can continue to lend to consumers and small businesses in  their communities and survive in an environment that continuously  challenges our community banks.   The policy statement also contains several safeguards designed to  ensure that small bank holding companies that operate with higher  levels of debt permitted by the policy statement do not present an  undue risk to the safety and the soundness of these subsidiary banks.   Mr. Speaker, this is a simple bill to help our small banks stay  strong and continue to support their communities. The last time the  threshold was raised in 2014, the effort received widespread bipartisan  support.   H.R. 4771 also received strong bipartisan support in the Financial  Services Committee during the most recent markup.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to give equal support to this rule.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman Harper and  also Ranking Member Brady for including the STOP Act in the House  Administration legislation.   Shockingly, the Office of Compliance confirms that hundreds of  thousands of dollars have been paid with taxpayer money to settle  sexual harassment cases against Members of Congress.   I am pleased to say that the bill that is before us today  incorporates a bill that I introduced last December to stop this  practice, H.R. 4674. The Stop Taxpayers Obligations to Perpetrators of  Sexual Harassment Act will require Members of Congress to pay back any  taxpayer money used to settle sexual harassment cases. Victims will be  compensated, but taxpayers won't be footing the bill.   This bill promotes and supports due process. It sends a message that  there isn't a set fund out there paid for by the taxpayer ready for  someone to access, but it also doesn't encourage a Member who feels  that they have done nothing wrong to settle so an issue can just go  away.   If a Member of Congress behaves badly, the consequences of those  actions are that person's responsibility, not the taxpayers'. I believe  that Members should live by the laws that they create and the taxpayers  should not be responsible for inappropriate behavior.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bill.   