 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  bipartisan IRS reform package, including the 21st Century IRS Act.   There is a trust gap that exists between taxpayers and the IRS, and  the IRS' information technology systems are a good example of why. The  IRS has an urgent need to overhaul its IT systems, some of which date  back to the Kennedy administration. But repeated mistakes, big and  small, undermine our trust in them.   Take the $12 million they spent on a new email system they couldn't  use. The inspector general report revealed the IRS bought it without  first determining project infrastructure needs, integration  requirements, business requirements, and whether the subscriptions were  technologically feasible.   Or take the Return Review Program, the RRP. The new fraud detection  program came in years behind schedule and hundreds of millions of  dollars over budget. Here are just a few of the reasons the IRS cited  when it put the RRP into a strategic pause in 2014.   They said, they paused ``to determine the priority and direction from  IRS senior leadership; to articulate and align on RRP's role in the  broader business vision; to ensure clear and concise understanding of  scope, cost, and schedule'' with contractors; and, finally, budgetary  constraints.   Mr. Speaker, unforced errors are turning vital projects into  boondoggles. We could be applauding the IRS for buying a system off the  shelf. Instead, we are scolding them for not asking the most basic  questions before buying it.   I hear complaints about the IRS' budget, and I think about the RRP.  Senior leadership gave no direction, no one knew how it would fit into  the big picture, and contractors were way out of the loop. Everyone  essentially ran in circles until they ran out of money. You know what?  More money can't fix failed leadership or a broken culture. Better  guidelines, codified rules, and more intentional strategic planning  can.   That is why I introduced H.R. 5362, the IRS Information Technology  Accountability Act, and I am thankful it was included in the 21st  Century IRS Act. My bill takes some important steps to prevent future  boondoggles and instill accountability.   Number one, codifying the responsibilities of the chief information  officer, or the CIO; two, requiring the CIO to develop, implement, and  update a multiyear IT strategic plan; and three, requiring regular  coordination between the CIO and the chief procurement officer.   It also singles out two major projects for independent verification  and validation. The first is CADE 2. It is still years from completion  and almost a decade and $1 billion spent. The other, Enterprise Case  Management, is a system that was supposed to be used agency-wide but  was suspended because the IRS bought software that couldn't be used  agency-wide. These projects need to be on a better trajectory.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud we are taking important bipartisan steps to  close this IRS trust gap. I want to thank Chairman Brady, Chairman  Jenkins, and Mr. Bishop for all of their hard work on this bill. I urge  my colleagues to support the 21st Century IRS Act.    