 Mr. President, almost a year ago, as Republicans were  jamming through the confirmation of Tom Price as Secretary of Health  and Human Services, I rose to object to his nomination. I voiced my  very deep concerns about whether Secretary Price would be committed to  protecting healthcare for our families, committed to putting evidence  and sound policy over partisanship and ideology, and whether he would  be committed to addressing the many ethical questions about his  investments Republicans allowed to go unanswered. Well, he was not.   Today, Secretary Price is infamous for two signature accomplishments:  first of all, undermining healthcare access for millions of people;  and, second, resigning in scandal and disgrace.   In the wake of Secretary Price's resignation, President Trump had  another opportunity to get this right. I believe families in Washington  State deserve a Health and Human Services Secretary who will finally  put patients ahead of politics.   Unfortunately, after meeting with Alex Azar, hearing his testimony,  and carefully reviewing his record and his qualifications, I do not  believe Mr. Azar is an acceptable choice to lead the Department, and I  will be voting against his confirmation.  [[Page S483]]    From President Trump's first day in office, he has been focused on  undermining healthcare coverage by putting up barriers to obtaining  care, shortening our enrollment period, expanding loopholes for  corporations, and making every effort to throw the entire system into  chaos. After a year of President Trump's healthcare sabotage, there  were over 3 million more people uninsured in our country. We need a  voice to stand up and defend the healthcare our families rely on.   I am alarmed by Mr. Azar's statements, including cheerleading  healthcare repeal efforts, predicting that the Affordable Care Act was  ``circling the drain,'' even though enrollment stayed strong across the  country this year, and detailing specific steps to, as he said, hasten  the demise of patients' and families' healthcare.   While President Trump continues to call the opioid crisis a public  health emergency, he has yet to treat it like one. So far, his  administration has proposed cutting the budget for the Office of  National Drug Control Policy by 95 percent. It is focused on gutting  Medicaid, which provides critically needed substance use disorder  treatment, and they have failed to provide any new funding or resources  to support the communities that are fighting this crisis.   Local leaders in my home State of Washington and across the country  need a voice at the Department of Health and Human Services committed  to bringing more resources, not fewer, to address the opioid epidemic.  I am alarmed by Mr. Azar's refusal to support more funding for  communities that are hard hit by the opioid epidemic.   President Trump's Department has also shown a concerning pattern of  undermining evidence-based policies in favor of ideology. When it comes  to undermining evidence, political appointees at Health and Human  Services have asked their career staff not to use the terms ``evidence- based'' and ``science-based'' because they view them as ``essentially  meaningless.''   When it comes to favoring ideology, not only has the Department taken  steps to restrict access to care for women and transgender patients,  leaders have also sought to effectively ban words like ``transgender''  and ``diversity'' and ``vulnerable'' among their Department employees-- ban the words, and they have not just cut important words, they have  gutted valuable, evidence-based programs like the Teen Pregnancy  Prevention Program.   This program has provided useful insight on what works to address  high teen pregnancy rates. It has been recognized by the bipartisan  Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking for its rigorous approach to  evaluation. Yet President Trump's administration chose to unilaterally  shorten that program's grants.   We need a voice there who will reject such damaging ideology  decisions and to champion evidence and science and sound policymaking.  I do not believe Mr. Azar is that champion--quite the opposite, in  fact.   I am alarmed Mr. Azar believes a woman's employer should be able to  decide, based on ideology, whether or not her birth control should be  covered. I am alarmed by his extreme and out-of-touch views on Roe v.  Wade, as shown by his support for legislation and political candidates  who would undermine the constitutional rights enshrined in this  important decision, and his use of ideological rhetoric in discussing  the rights guaranteed to women by that landmark case.   Unfortunately, Mr. Azar is the latest in a string of ideologically  driven healthcare appointees from President Trump. We cannot tolerate  one more nominee overseeing a woman's healthcare programs who is more  focused on undermining them than on advancing them.   Finally, I am alarmed by his track record at the pharmaceutical  company Eli Lilly. As a nominee, Mr. Azar has said we need to fight to  lower drug prices, but during his time as president of Lilly, that  company tripled the price of insulin, and Mr. Azar personally approved  significant price increases for dozens of the company's drugs.   As a nominee, Mr. Azar may try to assure us that he will fight for  patients and protect the health of our communities, but after looking  at his record, after reading his past statements, and after discussing  these issues with him, I am alarmed he might not stand up for women and  families, I am alarmed he might not stand up to the pharmaceutical  industry, and I am alarmed he might not stand up to President Trump's  agenda, driven by sabotage and ideology.   After months of Republicans putting politics ahead of funding  healthcare for children, and as Republicans continue to put politics  ahead of funding for community health centers like those in rural  Washington State and those across the country that help to serve  underserved communities, and as they continue to ignore other primary  care programs that bring medical professionals to populations in need  like teaching health centers in Spokane, we have to have strong  leadership at the Department of Health and Human Services that will  demand that we put public health first, not partisanship.   I urge my colleagues today to vote against this nomination.   I thank the Chair.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Jersey.   