 Mr. President, over my time in public service, I have  been committed to supporting commonsense, pro-life measures that offer  empathy for women and for unborn children. Too often, women experience  despair and pain and judgment from others during unplanned pregnancies.  We should offer compassion for these expectant mothers, and they need  to know we will continue to support them in the challenging years  ahead. We should also be willing to protect the most innocent among us,  the unborn, who can feel pain and have the chance at viability.   I rise to discuss the bill that the Senate will consider shortly--the  Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.   This is a reasonable bill that has the support of 47 Senators. This  kind of legislation has passed in many States, including in my own. My  State of Nebraska has a proud tradition of being pro-life. We were the  first State in the country to pass a 20-week abortion ban. The bill  before us today would enact the same policy at the Federal level, and  doing so makes sense.   As a State senator, I was a strong supporter and cosponsor of that  legislation. It passed in Nebraska because we focused on areas of  agreement, and like the bill we are debating today, the legislation  provided exceptions for rare and dangerous circumstances. This bill  passed overwhelmingly in Nebraska by a vote of 44 to 5, and it had the  support from pro-choice and pro-life senators from both parties-- Republicans and Democrats.   The enduring support for this kind of legislation across the country  and the world is pretty easy to understand, in that it is a righteous  cause that is based on science. It states that abortions during the  sixth month of pregnancy should only be allowed in moments of extreme  danger and with exceptions.  [[Page S542]]    Basic embryology shows that the human nervous system is developed  within the first 6 weeks of pregnancy. Our sensory receptors for pain  are developed around the mouth as early as 10 weeks and are present in  the skin and mucosal surfaces 20 weeks into gestation. The connections  between the spinal cord and the thalamus--the part of the human body  that deals with pain perception--is present at 20-weeks' gestation as  well. None of this is debatable. It is a fact.   We also know babies have been born and have survived and thrived  before the current 24-week limit. In March of 2017, the academic  journal Pediatrics discussed a girl in Dallas who, in 2014, was born at  21-weeks' gestation. Today, she is a typical, happy 3-year-old who is  living her life to the fullest and has a bright future ahead of her.   Over time, views on this divisive issue have evolved toward the side  of pro-life policies because, as we gain more knowledge about pregnancy  and gestation, we understand the humanity of the unborn. We recognize  them as the people they are--and this movement is on the rise. Nearly  two-thirds of Americans support legislation prohibiting abortion into  the sixth month of pregnancy. This includes almost 80 percent of the  millennial generation--those most likely to be affected by such  restrictions. It is gaining momentum because it is a movement backed by  science. It is a movement of truth, and it is a movement of love.    We have an opportunity to join together and support the basic truth  that all life is sacred. We should protect the child in the womb,  especially when he or she can feel pain. We can make a statement that  every person is deserving of life and deserving of love.   I believe that life is a gift from God--a gift to be lovingly  cherished. I ask my colleagues to support this reasonable piece of  legislation.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from California.   