 Mr. President, I have come to the floor this afternoon  to oppose the nomination of GEN Mitchell Zais, who has been nominated  to serve as Secretary DeVos's Deputy Secretary at the Department of  Education. I am opposing this nomination because those who work at the  top of the Department of Education should be committed to its top  priority, which is helping educate our next generation of students.  They should not be focused on demonizing teachers or public schools or  the Federal Government's role in public education, and they should not  be promoting their extreme ideological agendas at the expense of our  students.   We need a Department of Education with a positive vision for our  neighborhood public schools that believes that everyone has the right  to a high-quality public education no matter where they live or how  they learn or how much money their parents make. That is what millions  of parents and teachers and students stood up for during Secretary  DeVos's confirmation hearing.   Despite the public rejection of her extreme ideology and her  unprecedented tie-breaking confirmation vote by Vice President Pence,  it is clear Secretary DeVos has led the Department of Education in the  opposite direction. She has continued to push her privatization agenda,  trying to siphon taxpayer funds away from our public schools. She has  ignored key parts of our Nation's K-12 laws, refusing to hold States  accountable for the success of our most vulnerable students. She has  made it easier for predatory, for-profit companies to take advantage of  students, rolling back protections for students and dismantling the  unit that investigates claims of fraud and abuse. Time and again, she  has failed to protect students' civil rights. She tried to shrink the  Office of Civil Rights. She rolled back protections for transgender  students. She rescinded guidance for schools on how to investigate  claims of campus sexual assault.   With Secretary DeVos's ideological agenda steering this ship, it is  clear to me that the Department of Education needs a strong and  independent Deputy Secretary of Education to once again start putting  students first. Unfortunately, General Zais made it clear that he would  be proud to be Secretary DeVos's right-hand man and shares her position  on a number of concerning issues. He agrees with Secretary DeVos's  extreme privatization agenda to siphon taxpayer funds from our public  schools. He largely opposes the Federal role in education and, like  Secretary DeVos, seems to lack even an understanding of key issues  important to public schools.   As the State superintendent of education, General Zais allowed his  partisan ideology to hurt South Carolina students. He refused Federal  funding that could have saved teachers' jobs--the only State to do  that--and he objected to plans to expand access to universal pre-K,  calling 5-year-olds ``too young to learn.'' That is a particularly  shocking comment to those of us who understand the importance of the  first 5 years for children's development.   I come to the floor today on behalf of millions of parents and  students and teachers who so loudly objected to Secretary DeVos's  agenda during her confirmation, and I ask my colleagues to vote against  this nomination and not allow another DeVos-like nominee into the  Department of Education.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   