 Mr. Speaker, as Americans file their taxes today, it is  the very last time they will do so under the old, unfair Tax Code.  Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, hardworking Americans are already  seeing the benefits of lower tax rates and a stronger economic growth:  take-home pay has increased; companies are investing in infrastructure,  R&D, and people, with billions of dollars in bonuses and pay increases,  and even enhanced benefits.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also makes our Tax Code less complex and  makes the process of filing out our tax returns easier and less  daunting. This time next year, in addition to most Americans paying  less in taxes, most Americans will find that the tax forms are simpler  and the process less complex.   Even so, Mr. Speaker, tax day will still come, and people across this  country will still need to turn to the IRS for help and for answers  about their taxes. That is why I am here today to speak in support of  H.R. 5440. This bipartisan legislation, introduced together with my  colleague from Arizona, Representative O'Halleran, whom I thank, holds  the IRS accountable for putting its customers, the taxpayers, first.   IRS Taxpayer Assistance Centers provide important services to  taxpayers. Through over 300 centers across the country, millions of  Americans receive free, personal, in-person tax assistance each year.   All too often, however, these centers are closed with little to no  notice, leaving taxpayers to generally fend for themselves. H.R. 5440  requires the IRS to provide adequate public notice about any proposed  closure and ensures that impacted taxpayers in that community will  still have access to assistance.   Most of us dread even the thought of having to deal with the IRS, but  today, through a package of bipartisan bills, Congress is moving  forward to redesign and restructure the IRS so that its top priority is  putting its customers first. H.R. 5440 is one aspect of these important  reforms to refocus the IRS.    Again, I thank Representative O'Halleran and the entire Ways and  Means Committee for their hard work on this legislation, and I urge my  colleagues to support it.   