 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Pallone for  yielding and Chairman Walden for his leadership in bringing this bill  to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act. This is a critical first step in  addressing the opioid epidemic.   I have lived on all sides of this. I lived in a home with a father  who was an opioid addict before anyone knew what it was. I had a sister  who died of a drug overdose. Yet I also live with a man who has very  serious chronic pain and needs opioids to live his life comfortably.    We cannot let the pendulum swing too far in either direction, and we  cannot be denying medication to those who need it. I am confident that  this legislation strikes the right balance.   This bill has four provisions which I authored included in it:   The ACE Research Act, which I cosponsored with my friend Mr. Upton,  will spur innovative research into nonopioid pain medications at NIH  and will help lead the next big breakthrough and bring benefits to  patients. We need nonaddictive pain drugs.   I am also pleased that Jessie's Law, which I have worked on for years  with Mr. Walberg, is in this. This provision, which is named after a  young woman we lost far too soon, would require HHS to establish best  practices to ensure that medical professionals have full knowledge of  their patient's opioid history.   The Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act fixes a critical gap in  our laws by permitting hospice employees from disposing of unused  opioids after a patient has passed away or the medication is no longer  needed.   Finally, I was pleased to work on language with Dr. Bucshon to ensure  that the Welcome to Medicare wellness exam includes a review of the  beneficiary's current opioid prescriptions and screening for potential  substance use disorder.   As we pass this legislation to combat this epidemic which has claimed  so many lives, we cannot forget the 25 million people who do live in  pain. We cannot let the pendulum go either way.   