 Mr. Speaker, President Kennedy once said that  a nation reveals itself not only by the men it produces but also by the  men it honors, the men it remembers. Consistent with that principle, my  bill would designate a U.S. Post Office building in Oviedo, Florida,  after Sergeant First Class Alwyn Cashe.   Sergeant First Class Cashe died in 2005 as a result of wounds  suffered while serving in Iraq. When I recount the actions this  American soldier and son of Oviedo performed and what he endured in the  process, it will take your breath away. The word ``hero'' is ascribed  to many people in our society, perhaps a bit too casually, but this was  heroism in its purest and most profound sense.   Let me start the story at the beginning: Alwyn was born in 1970 in  Sanford, Florida, and was raised in Oviedo, attending Oviedo High  School. He was the youngest of nine children: five girls and four boys.  The family didn't have much money, but they had plenty of pride. When  Alwyn was 6, his father passed away. Alwyn's mother, Ruby Mae, worked  long hours at demanding jobs: working on an assembly line and later as  a custodian at Florida Tech, since renamed the University of Central  Florida.   One of Alwyn's sisters, Kasinal, described her brother as the baby of  the family: rambunctious; a little spoiled by his siblings; and, of  course, deeply loved. Alwyn enlisted in the military after high school.  Kasinal said it had a transformational effect, turning this somewhat  aimless boy into a resolute man, the civilian into a soldier. And not  just any soldier but a soldier's soldier, a tough-as-nails infantryman,  and an old-school leader in the best sense of the term.   As Kasinal put it, Alwyn ``bled Army green'' right from the start.  The Army gave him a second family with even more brothers and sisters,  bound together by the American flag on their uniform and the events  they experienced and endured together from boot camp to combat.   On October 17, 2005, Alwyn, now Sergeant First Class Cashe, was on  his second deployment to Iraq. That fateful day, the Bradley Fighting  Vehicle carrying him, six other American soldiers, and the squad's  Iraqi interpreter struck an IED. The blast instantly killed the  interpreter and ruptured the vehicle's fuel cell. Flames engulfed the  vehicle.   Initially only lightly injured but covered in fuel, Sergeant First  Class Cashe descended into the hull, extracted the driver, who was on  fire, and extinguished the flames. At this point, multiple soldiers  remained in the vehicle, one of whom managed to open the rear hatch.  With no regard for his own safety, Sergeant First Class Cashe rushed to  the back of the vehicle, reached into the hot flames, and started  pulling out soldiers. His fuel-soaked uniform caught fire, and the  flames spread quickly over his body.   Despite what must have been terrible pain, he returned to the vehicle  twice more to extract his soldiers, all while he was still on fire and  exposed to enemy gunfire. By the time he had extracted all of his  soldiers from the vehicle, Sergeant First Class Cashe had the most  severe injuries. Second- and third-degree burns covered 72 percent of  his body. Nevertheless, he refused to be evacuated until all of his  soldiers were medevacked out before him.   When he arrived at the U.S. military hospital at Balad Air Base in  Iraq, he was still fully conscious. What remained of his uniform had  melted to his skin, yet he tried to fight off the nurses, insisting  that they treat everyone else first. Despite determined efforts to save  his life at various hospitals abroad and in the United States, he  eventually succumbed to his wounds on November 8, 2005, surrounded by  members of both his biological family and his Army family.   Scripture teaches us that there is no greater love than to lay down  your life for your friends, and Sergeant First Class Cashe made the  ultimate expression of love. After his passing, he received the Silver  Star, the third highest combat award that the Army confers. Over the  past years, there has been a painstaking effort to have Sergeant First  Class Cashe's Silver Star upgraded to the Medal of Honor, an award no  African American has received since 1969.   Notably, this effort has been led by the battalion commander who  nominated Sergeant First Class Cashe for the Silver Star. This  individual, now a 2-star general, came to believe that Sergeant First  Class Cashe deserves the highest award for valor that our Nation  bestows. I strongly agree with this conclusion and have written to the  Secretary of the Army to express my view.   We cannot bring Sergeant First Class Cashe back or erase the pain  felt by his sister Kasinal, his other family members, and the men and  women in uniform who served beside him; but we can pay tribute to his  life and legacy. We can engrave his name on a plaque and designate a  Federal building in his honor so the American public never forgets this  remarkable man who laid down his life for his friends in service of our  country.   Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask my colleagues to support this  legislation.   