 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that this bill is being  considered today. This bill is both timely and extremely important to  my constituents.   This summer, tens of thousands of acres have burned throughout Utah.  Unfortunately, many regions in the State remain at high risk due to  prolonged drought. One of these regions is Juab County, which sits  within my district.   Juab County consists of more than 2 million acres of land, much of  which is covered with dry, flammable vegetation. The county is also  experiencing a years-long drought. In fact, last year, the USDA  designated the county as a disaster area due to the damages caused by  the drought.   More than 70 percent of Juab is controlled by the Federal Government.  While significant Federal ownership and control of land in Utah is  often a source of contention, Juab County has developed a cooperative  and constructive relationship with their local Federal partners.   The Forest Service currently owns a small property, just over 2  acres, within the town of Nephi, the county seat of Juab County. It has  been vacant and unused for years and was identified as available for  disposal several years ago. This property is known as the Nephi Work  Center.   My bill, the Juab County Conveyance Act, would simply convey this  property to the county. Juab intends to use this property to house  their wildlands fire team, which is part of their special service fire  district. This would enable the county to more effectively mitigate  fire risks and protect Juab County residents and both Forest Service  and BLM land within the county.   As a former mayor who has dealt with fires in and around my  community, including on public lands, I want to do all I can to help my  constituents. This bill will benefit both the county and Federal  agencies that own and manage lands within the county.   We are talking about a city of about 1,000 people fighting fires on  millions of acres. We just want to do everything we can to make sure we  get to the fires as soon as possible and help not just protect costs,  but the homes and the livelihoods of the families that live there.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote in support of this bill.   