 Mr. President, I note that the Senator who was to be  on the floor is not, so I ask to proceed.    Mr. President, I rise to participate in the  discussion on the conflict in Yemen.   In 2015, I received a phone call from a Saudi official informing me  that the kingdom was about to take military action in Yemen. The  official said the conflict would not last long. They would launch  airstrikes to push the Houthis out of Sana'a, restore Hadi to power,  and broker a political compromise. That was nearly 3 years ago, and the  conflict has since grown into the world's worst humanitarian disaster.   More than 10,000 civilians have died, and more than 40,000 have been  wounded. More than half of Yemen's healthcare facilities have been  destroyed. Three-quarters of the population--almost 22 million people-- need humanitarian assistance. Eleven million require urgent assistance  to survive, which means they are close to starvation.   The situation for children is especially dire: 1.8 million children  under the age of 5 are malnourished. Of that, more than 400,000 are so  malnourished that they are now 10 times more likely to die.   On top of the bloodshed and famine, the people of Yemen are facing a  horrific outbreak of cholera. More than 1 million cases of cholera have  been reported, potentially the worst cholera outbreak in world history.  More than 2,200 people have died from it, almost one-third of whom are  children. Cholera has spread because more than 80 percent of the  population lack clean drinking water.   We can't turn away from suffering because we are a party to this  conflict. The United States is providing intelligence, military advice,  logistical support, and aerial refueling to Saudi Arabia. The fact is,  we are enabling a major proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran.   We do all that despite there being no military solution. This has not  been a brief war. It has turned into a major war that must end. The  longer we permit suffering to continue, the more innocent men, women,  and children are going to die. Instead of facilitating endless  fighting, we should be pushing for reconciliation.   I have personally urged Saudi and Iranian officials to meet to  discuss their differences. To my great disappointment, they have  refused to do so. Iran is expanding its influence across the Middle  East. It continues to arm Hezbollah, back President Assad in Syria, and  support the Houthis. Saudi Arabia and its partners will not back down.  Just last week, Crown Prince Salman said his nation would pursue the  same nuclear capabilities as Iran. What does that say to us?   Their fight in Yemen offers no military solution. Only a political  resolution will end this miserable war.   It is time we separate ourselves from this bloodshed. The United  States must make it clear that we will not continue to support unending  conflict. That is why I support the Sanders-Lee resolution, which would  require the United States to stop refueling Saudi and Emirati aircraft.   Now, this seems like just a small step, and it certainly will not  immediately end the war, but it is a deeply symbolic one. This  resolution will send a clear message that we will no longer enable this  proxy war.   There is no reason a diplomatic solution can't be found to end this  violence, and a strong push for reconciliation will save the lives of  thousands upon thousands of men, women, and children in Yemen, but that  peace is only achievable if we speak with one voice and pass the  Sanders-Lee resolution, otherwise we will continue to enable this  barbaric war.   Thank you very much.   