 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from  Pennsylvania for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about an all-too-familiar topic,  and that is gun violence in America, mass shootings in the United  States of America.   A few days ago, I purchased a card of sympathy for the family of a  young man who died way too soon. The card that I finally chose read:  ``I hardly know what to say.''   When I think about yet another mass shooting in a country where,  through ingenuity and determination, we have solved some of the world's  toughest problems and challenges but yet we have chosen to do nothing  about mass shootings, I hardly know what to say.   Mr. Speaker, you know last week a man used a semiautomatic rifle to  brutally murder 17 children and educators in Parkland, Florida. Unlike  past shootings, we have not just moved on. This is because of the  survivors--not our generation doing something, but the children. It is  because of them.   You see, this generation believes that they can change the world. I  mean, isn't that exactly what we as parents taught them, that they can  change the world? They believe in what President Obama called the  audacity of hope. Not our generation, but the generation of our  children and grandchildren.   And they have stood up to declare what should be obvious to all of  us: that every American should have the right to go to school, to go to  church,  [[Page H1255]]  to go to a mall, to go to a movie theater or a nightclub without being  brutally murdered by someone with a gun, no less an assault rifle,  which greatly diminishes their chances of survival.   Sure, high school is tough for some children, but the worst our  children should have to fear is whether they can make a friend in a new  school or whether they will make the track team or whether the boy or  girl they like will notice them in the hallway or in class.   150,000 American children have experienced a school shooting. That is  not something a great society tolerates. That is something we change.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the strength, the courage, and the passion  of these young people in Florida. Not our generation, but the  teenagers. And I am also proud of previous survivors and activists who  laid the groundwork for the movement that is growing across America.   Survivors of the Pulse nightclub shooting have joined Parkland  survivors to work for change. That shooting, which took place in my  congressional district, was the second worst mass shooting in U.S.  history, after Las Vegas.   That is not the only mass shooting to torment Florida. In 2017, a man  shot and killed five people at the Ft. Lauderdale airport. In 2013, a  man shot and killed six people at an apartment complex in Miami-Dade  County. In 1990, a man shot and killed nine people in Jacksonville.  According to the Gun Violence Archive, there have been at least 113  mass shootings, defined as four or more persons injured or killed, in  Florida since 2013.   Instead of simply waiting and responding to mass shootings, we should  work to prevent them. We should work to prevent them. We should work to  prevent them.   As Orlando, Florida's, former chief of police, my goal was to not  merely save lives of those who experienced violence, but we tried to  stop the violence from occurring in the first place. When we know  better, we are supposed to do better.   Some proposals may need more debate, some less, but let us have that  debate.   As a former law enforcement officer, our job was to enforce the laws  and to protect the innocent. As a Member of Congress, our job is to  create laws that protect the innocent. Well, Congress is failing at  that job.   The best gift, Mr. Speaker, we can give to our teachers and our  students and to every American is to pass legislation that keeps deadly  guns out of the hands of bad people. Thoughts and prayers are good. God  will order our steps, but we have to move our feet.    Mr. Speaker, one of my biggest fears as a 27-year law  enforcement officer was that my officers, the officers who worked for  me, the officers who swore that they would protect and serve, would  find themselves in an active shooter situation where they would be  outgunned.   As I indicated earlier, the AR-15 and other weapons like it, if you  are shot with one, your chances of survival are greatly diminished. As  my colleague from Mississippi indicated earlier, the weapon is designed  to create mass devastation. It was designed for the battlefield.   And you are right; on the battlefield, we want our soldiers to take  the enemy down as quickly as possible. But those weapons were not  designed for our streets, for our neighborhoods where our children  play, for our schools. If we are a great society, if we want to be the  great Nation that we always talk about, then let's do what is within  our power as one of the most powerful bodies in the world.    My 5-year-old granddaughter's kindergarten class had a moment of  silence. I believe, as Members of Congress, we can do better than that.   