 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here this afternoon to address two  pieces of legislation that are coming before the Senate. One we are  currently waiting to consider is a long-term reauthorization of the  Federal Aviation Administration, and the second, which I hope we will  soon consider, is comprehensive legislation to address the Nation's  opioid epidemic.   I begin by thanking Chairman Thune and Ranking Member Nelson for  their work to deliver a bipartisan, bicameral FAA reauthorization bill  that provides a 5-year reauthorization for the agency. The last time we  reauthorized the FAA, when I was in the Senate, I think it took us 23  tries to get it done over a period of time that was actually longer  than the original authorization, but this time we are doing it much  faster, with three short-term extensions. Last week, the House passed  this bill, the FAA reauthorization, with broad bipartisan support, and  I hope the Senate is going to act quickly so we can get this bill to  the President's desk for signature.   The FAA has not received a long-term reauthorization since February  of 2012. Short-term reauthorizations fail to give the FAA the certainty  and the necessary resources they need to make to improve our Nation's  airports and make commercial air travel safer for all passengers.   I think it is particularly an issue right now as we are switching  over to the NextGen system of air traffic control. Last month, I had a  chance to visit with air traffic controllers in New Hampshire at the  Terminal Radar Approach Control Facility in Merrimack, also called the  TRACON. What I heard from folks there was that a long-term  reauthorization bill means that the TRACON and Merrimack will be able  to upgrade its systems to keep our airways safe, while also allowing  the center to continue to hire well-qualified, trained controllers to  meet staffing needs.   The bill we have before us now provides critical investments through  the Airport Improvement Program that provides grants to airports  nationwide for planning and development projects that these airports  would be unable to complete otherwise. In New Hampshire, where we have  a number of small airports, this grant program is particularly  important.   It also increases investments in the Essential Air Service Program,  which provides services that would otherwise be too cost prohibitive  for airlines to operate in rural communities like we have in New  Hampshire. For example, EAS is vital for Granite Staters who utilize  the Lebanon Municipal Airport and depend on this service for access to  regularly scheduled flights that would not otherwise be available. I am  sure the Presiding Officer has an appreciation for the Lebanon  Municipal Airport, since he went to school at Dartmouth in that region  of the State and knows how important that airport is to New Hampshire.   I am also pleased the FAA bill includes legislation I introduced as  part of it to permanently reauthorize the Human Intervention Motivation  Study, the HIMS Program, and also directs the National Research Council  to study how other subagencies within the Department of Transportation  could create similar programs to fight drug and alcohol addiction  within their workforces.   HIMS, as it is known, is an employee assistance program that provides  education and outreach in order to coordinate the identification,  treatment,  [[Page S6435]]  medical recertification, and return to the cockpit of flight officers  with substance misuse issues. HIMS doesn't provide direct treatment but  instead helps identify those who are in need, and it facilitates the  successful return to work. It is an industrywide effort in which  airlines, pilot unions, and the FAA work together to preserve careers  and promote air safety. Since its implementation, the program has  successfully helped over 5,800 pilots, and it provides airlines with a  $9 return on every dollar that is invested.   There are a lot of lessons from the HIMS Program that I think have  real resonance to other agencies within the Department of  Transportation, and I am hoping the study that is authorized as part of  the FAA bill we are considering will be able to be shared so we can see  how other agencies can also benefit from this.   Right now, we have a 1-week extension on the FAA bill that expires  this Sunday, October 7. I hope this bill is going to come to the floor  for final passage before we go home this week.   