 Mr. President, I rise to urge each of my colleagues to  support the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This critical  legislation would prohibit a child from being aborted at 5 months of  development.   For those we have watching today, I would like you to focus a little  bit on these photos, and I will return to them in a moment.   Again, I am urging my colleagues to support the Pain-Capable Unborn  Child Protection Act. By any measure, at 5 months of development, an  unborn child is a child. At 5 months, babies have grown nails on their  fingers and on their toes; hair has just begun to grow on their heads;  and an ultrasound can tell an expectant mother or father whether their  baby is a boy or a girl. These babies can detect light, hear sounds,  they can swallow, and even experience taste as their taste buds grow  and develop. These unborn babies in all ways are babies.   There is also significant scientific evidence that at 5 months of  development these babies can feel pain. By 5 months, babies begin to  respond to painful stimulus with distinctive pain response behaviors  that are exhibited by older babies. They will scrunch their eyes, they  will clench their hands, they pull back their limbs in response to  pain, just like any other child experiencing pain.   There is also a great deal of evidence that stress hormone levels  rise substantially when babies at this age are exposed to pain. In  2015, a Cambridge University Press medical textbook acknowledged that a  ``fetus . . . becomes capable of experiencing pain between 20 and 30  weeks of gestation.'' In fact, fetal surgeons routinely administer pain  medications for babies after only 4 months of development. Doctors are  giving babies pain medication after 4 months of development.   As modern medicine has recognized, these babies are humans capable of  experiencing pain. Yet there is no Federal law protecting these  vulnerable humans from abortions. As a result, every year in our  country the lives of thousands of babies end painfully through  abortion. This is unacceptable. The majority of men and women across  the Nation agree with this premise. According to a recent Marist poll,  6 out of 10 Americans surveyed support a law prohibiting abortion after  5 months of pregnancy.   Additionally, multiple States, including my home State of Iowa, have  passed legislation that would prohibit abortions after 5 months of  development because these babies are babies. There is no way to deny  the humanity of these children when you consider stories like that of  Micah Pickering.   Micah is from Newton, IA. He is a very young friend of mine. He is 5  years old. Just a few weeks ago on the floor of the Senate I was able  to share Micah's story. As you may recall, Micah was born at just 20  weeks postfertilization--the very point at which the Pain-Capable  Unborn Child Protection Act would begin to protect these young lives.  Today, Micah is a very happy, very energetic little 5-year-old. Now, I  would like to go back to these pictures.   When I first met Micah, he was about 3 years old. He and his parents  visited my office for the annual March for Life. I had this poster made  of these pictures, and they were in my office because I was going to  speak on the Senate floor in support of March for Life. Micah is  pictured on the right side of the poster board. Micah, a happy,  energetic little boy saw this poster board in my office, and he ran up  to it--imagine, this beautiful 3-year-old boy--and he pointed not at  the picture of himself as he was at 3 years old, but he pointed to this  picture, and he said: Baby. I said: Yes, Micah, that is a baby.   This is Micah when he was born. Micah at 3 years old understood that  this was a baby. He didn't understand that was him when he was born,  but he understood that was a baby.   If you look at the picture, you will see Micah is grasping his mama  and daddy's hands with five perfectly formed little fingers on each  hand. It is a baby, folks. Micah knew that. While he might not have  known that was him when he was born, he knew that was a baby--5 months  of gestation.   Today, Micah is a happy, extraordinarily healthy young boy. I got to  see him again this last year. Again, he was running around my office,  just full of energy and life.   Yes, Micah, this is a baby. I agree.   Micah's story is not an isolated incident. Extraordinary stories of  babies who are surviving after just 5 months of development can be  found all around the world.   A little over a year ago, Dakota Harris was born in Ohio at 19 weeks  of development--even younger than Micah. Last May, she left the  hospital with her family as a healthy 7-pound baby.  [[Page S529]]    In 2016, baby Aharon was born at 20 weeks of development, becoming  the youngest premature baby to survive in Israel. After 5 months of  care at a hospital in Tel Aviv, he was able to go home, again, as a  healthy baby.   In 2010, Frieda Mangold, who was born in Germany at just under 20  weeks of development, became Europe's youngest premature baby to  survive. After receiving intensive care, she too was able to go home  with her family as a happy 7-pound baby.   Babies have been on record as surviving birth after just 5 months of  development for three decades now--three decades. What greater evidence  do you need that at 5 months of development, an unborn child in every  way is a child?   Despite the clear evidence of the humanity of these children, the  United States is one of only seven countries in the world to allow  abortions after 5 months of development. That means that while an  overwhelming majority of the world recognizes and protects the humanity  of these vulnerable children, the United States keeps the company of  countries like China and North Korea. They deny unborn children the  most basic of protections. This is not who we are as a nation.   It is time we listen to the scientific evidence, the men and women  across America, and a majority of the rest of the world. There should  be no disagreement when it comes to protecting the life of an unborn  child who can feel pain and, as the inspiring stories of Micah  Pickering and others show, survive outside of the womb. It is up to us  to ensure these children have the chance to grow up and lead the happy,  healthy lives that God has granted them.   As a mother and a grandmother, I am urging my colleagues to support  the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which recognizes these  unborn babies as the children they are and provides them the same  protection from pain and suffering that all of our children deserve.   For my dear little friend Micah, I would say: Yes, Micah, this is a  baby, and we are glad to have you here.   God bless him.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   