 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7279, the very  bipartisan, as my colleague was saying, Water Infrastructure  Improvement Act.   Let me first start by thanking the primary sponsor of the bill, the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Gibbs), for his great cooperation on this. Let  me say that it was a pleasure doing it, and I associate myself with his  remarks. It is very bipartisan and something that we all agree on that  needs to happen for the people of this Nation to finally reach a  bipartisan agreement on this  [[Page H10290]]  very important issue after more than 4 years.   This legislation codified the concept from the Obama administration  known as integrated planning that can assist communities in meeting  their requirements under the Clean Water Act, while maintaining their  obligation to achieve improvements in local water quality.   EPA's integrated planning framework provides communities with a  voluntary opportunity to prioritize local clean water investments with  the greatest benefit to human health and the environment. This is  incredibly important to communities in my congressional district, as  well as many others, as they meet the challenges of the Los Angeles  County MS4 stormwater permit, and also across the Nation.   To be clear, the integrated planning is not about diminishing  communities' existing obligations under the Clean Water Act; rather, it  provides an opportunity for communities to work with Federal and State  regulators to optimize their clean water infrastructure investments.   The sad reality is that, until the Federal Government increases its  investment under the Clean Water Act, communities will still struggle  with affordability challenges. We can and must do better.   First, we need to reauthorize the Clean Water State Revolving Fund,  known as SRF, and I am hopeful that this is one of the first things we  will accomplish next year on, again, a very bipartisan basis. We passed  similar reauthorization of the drinking water program by voice vote in  September. Now is the time for a similar effort to protect local water  quality.    Second, we need to address the cost of water and sewer services to  these households with the least ability to pay. No hardworking American  family should be forced to go without water and wastewater services  simply because their local rates are too high. Clean water is a basic  human right.   Yes, utilities should be able to recover the costs necessary to  upgrade their local systems, but when those costs disproportionately  affect individual households, we can and must do much more to help  struggling families afford these basic services.   That will be another issue I hope this next Congress will address in  the coming year: protecting our Nation's clean water and making it  affordable for all American families.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, first of all, our respective staffs for  working together on this. They did a great job, and they did an awful  lot of work on it.   Mr. Chabot is right; it has been a long time coming. I have been on  the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment more than 20 years,  and this is something that came up over 10 years ago that EPA was  forcing California restrictions. And California has the strictest rules  on air and water.   So this is really an efficient way of being able to help California  and other States deal with it.   This bill before us is a very good first step toward ensuring the  protection of our Nation's rivers, lakes, and streams and deserves our  very strong support.    We have worked with cities, mayors, water agencies, sanitation  districts, environmental groups, as well as our colleagues on the other  side on this legislation. We are aware of no opposition--none--to this  bill.   We thank all stakeholders for their input and support throughout this  process.   However, it is my hope that early in the next Congress we can return  to the House floor with similar bipartisan legislation to address the  funding needs and affordability concerns we discussed earlier. Only  then can we say we have delivered on our responsibility to provide  clean, safe, and affordable water to all American families, including  Native Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   