 Mr. President, I join Senator Cassidy and many of our  colleagues in recognizing one of Washington State's favorite sons-- Spokane's own Steve Gleason.   I have to say, as a fellow Cougar, sponsoring this legislation to  recognize Steve's legacy of excellence--from  [[Page S3944]]  Martin Stadium in Pullman, to the NFL, to his avid work as an advocate  in the health world--was a no-brainer for me. But our bill to award  Steve the Congressional Gold Medal--the highest honor Congress can  bestow on an American citizen--has been embraced and cosponsored by  more than 70 Members of this Chamber from both sides of the aisle is a  testament not just to the incredible respect Steve has garnered across  our Nation as a standout athlete but to his inspiring leadership and  tireless advocacy that has made an indelible impact on our Nation and  our culture.   Of course, Steve's skills and talents on the football field are  legendary. Many will not soon forget that iconic blocked punt at the  Superdome in 2006--a play that helped lift up the spirits of an entire  community that was still struggling in the aftermath of Hurricane  Katrina. Yet it has been Steve's work off the gridiron that has had  perhaps the most lasting impact on our country and on our future.   Since being diagnosed with ALS in 2011, Steve has become a passionate  warrior for ALS survivors and their families. Through his Gleason  Initiative Foundation, Steve actively supports critical research  efforts to combat ALS and helps to raise much needed public awareness  about the condition while also providing ALS patients with leading-edge  technology, equipment, and services to help them not only live with  their ALS diagnoses but to thrive.   In motivating others by his lived example, Steve, together with his  wife, his mother, and everyone at Team Gleason, has inspired hope in  individuals throughout Washington State and across the globe, and he  has undoubtedly changed countless lives for the better.   Few people make Washington State as proud as Steve Gleason, and I am  delighted to sponsor this legislation to award him the Congressional  Gold Medal. I urge our colleagues to support our efforts.   I thank my colleague Senator Cassidy for his leadership on this and  for working with me on an important piece of legislation that will  recognize an incredible human being.   I yield the floor.   