 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the  nomination of Kyle Duncan to a Louisiana seat on the Fifth Circuit.   Mr. Duncan, a Washington, DC, based lawyer, has made a career  advocating for ideological causes. He has a long record of arguing to  undermine the rights of women, voters, LGBT Americans, and immigrants.   Before I speak more in depth about Mr. Duncan's record, it is  important to step back and look at the big picture on President Trump's  judicial nominees.   Mr. Duncan's nomination is part of the Trump administration's larger  effort to remake Federal circuit courts with young, ideological  nominees who are often far outside of the mainstream or, in some cases,  who are unqualified.   In just the last 15 months, we have seen a nominee confirmed to the  D.C. Circuit who worked in the White House counsel's office on issues  likely to go to the court he was appointed to, including on the White  House's responses to the Russia investigation.   As one Republican Senator said, this now-judge's ``conflict of  interest'' was something ``a first-year law student would see.''   We have seen a nominee confirmed to the Sixth Circuit who blogged  under a pseudonym and expressed extreme views and relied on rightwing  sources known for discredited conspiracy theories. For example, he  wrote in a blog post that the ``two greatest tragedies in our country  are ``slavery and abortion.''   We have seen a nominee to the Eighth Circuit who was the first  judicial nominee to receive a unanimous ``not qualified'' from the  American Bar Association because of concerns about the nominee's  judicial temperament and ability to be impartial and still get  confirmed on a party-line vote.   Unfortunately, Mr. Duncan is just the latest nominee with a  controversial, partisan record that calls into question his ability to  be an independent, neutral arbiter appointed to a lifetime position.   We must not allow our courts to be undermined by politics instead of  rooted in independence. The courts are a constitutionally created  coequal, independent branch designed to be an independent check on  Congress and the Executive.   Unfortunately, that independence is under attack.   The President has personally attacked judges who have ruled against  him.   He has also repeatedly declared that he has litmus tests for judicial  nominees, pledging that he would only nominate individuals who pass  ideological litmus tests.   Our system depends on Federal judges who are independent arbiters and  follow the facts and the law wherever they lead.   Given this, I have been deeply troubled by efforts to stack our  Federal courts by jamming controversial nominees through as quickly as  possible. Federal judges serve for life, and it is critically important  that parties who come before them are confident that their case is  given a fair shot, that it is being evaluated on the merits.   If you look at Mr. Duncan's record, he cannot demonstrate that women,  LGBT Americans, and immigrants who appear before him in court would  have an impartial arbiter.   That should trouble all senators. I fear Mr. Duncan's confirmation to  the Fifth Circuit will further diminish confidence in our judicial  system.   Specifically, Mr. Duncan has been at the center of efforts to roll  back women's access to basic healthcare.   Mr. Duncan served as one of the lead lawyers for Hobby Lobby in a  case challenging the Affordable Care Act's protections for women's  access to contraception. Duncan advanced the argument that a  corporation's religious beliefs trump a woman's right to contraceptive  coverage in her health insurance plan.   More than 99 percent of American women have used contraception; it is  more common than a flu shot.   Access to contraception contributes to improved health for women and  babies, including reduced rates of prematurity. The expansion of  contraception has also strengthened women's financial security by  allowing them to plan when to start a family.   Mr. Duncan also argued in favor of a severely restrictive anti-choice  law in Texas, which would have closed 75 percent of women's health  clinics that offer comprehensive reproductive health services.   While medical experts, including the American College of  Obstetricians and Gynecologists, unanimously agreed that these  requirements were not needed to protect women's health, Mr. Duncan  argued against the science.   Even the conservative Supreme Court rejected Texas's false pretense  of protecting women and ruled that this law forced doctors and health  centers to meet medically unnecessary requirements.   The Supreme Court held the law did not provide greater protection for  women's health and that it was an unconstitutional undue burden on  women's reproductive rights.   Mr. Duncan was also at the center of Republican efforts to  disenfranchise African-American voters through discriminatory voter ID  laws.   After the Fourth Circuit struck down North Carolina's voter ID law,  noting that it ``targeted African Americans with almost surgical  precision,'' Duncan urged the Supreme Court to reverse that decision.   In his petition to the court, he wrote that, ``The Constitution does  not allow the sins of Civil Rights-era legislators to be visited on  their grandchildren and great-grandchildren.''   Shockingly, this statement ignores the persisting racism in this  country and argues that the challenges faced by disenfranchised voters  are simply a thing of the past.   What is worse, this argument is made about the right to vote. The  U.S. Constitution enshrines the right to vote as one of our most  foundational rights.   Mr. Duncan has also repeatedly argued against recognizing same-sex  couples' right to marry.   When the Supreme Court ruled in favor of marriage equality in  Obergefell, Mr. Duncan declared the decision ``imperil[ed] civic  peace.''   That is an extreme statement that is simply untrue. Far from  imperiling peace, our country has evolved and embraced this ruling  peacefully.   I asked Mr. Duncan whether he still believes that this important case  has ``imperil[ed] civic peace'' in the years since it was decided. Mr.  Duncan did not disavow his statement and would not answer my question.   Lastly, we are a nation of immigrants. Since its founding, the United  States has been built on the backs of people from all over the world  coming here to build a better life for themselves and their families.   Less than 2 years ago, in 2016, Duncan argued to the Supreme Court  that allowing undocumented parents of U.S. citizen children to live and  work would, ``exacerbate the problem of violent crime by unauthorized  immigrants.''   Again, Mr. Duncan makes an assertion with no basis in fact. Rather,  research shows that immigrants commit fewer crimes than native born  Americans. The conservative Cato Institute found that immigrants have a  lower rate of incarceration than native-born Americans.   While I do not expect to agree with the views of all the judicial  nominees that come before the Senate, I do expect the nominees to be  within the mainstream of legal thought. I do expect the nominees to  uphold basic facts, science, and constitutional principles.   I fear that Mr. Duncan's record puts him outside these basic  qualifications, and I cannot support his nomination.  [[Page S2368]]        