 Mr. President, I thank my colleague Senator Whitehouse,  not just for those kind words but for all of the work he has done and  continues to do. For the last 6 years, Senator Whitehouse has come to  the floor of this Senate week after week, every week, to talk about  climate change and to talk about its effects throughout the United  States and around the globe and our need to take action to address this  crisis.   Thank you very much, Senator Whitehouse, for your leadership.   Climate change is real, and it is a present threat to our planet.  Senator Whitehouse talked about some of the science involved with that.  It is very clear to anybody who has looked at the science who doesn't  have a political agenda that this is real. It is a threat, and we need  to address it.   In New Hampshire, we are already seeing the impacts of climate change  in so many ways. Rising temperatures  [[Page S6760]]  are shortening our fall foliage season, they are disrupting our maple  syrup production, and they are shortening our ski seasons and our  snowmobiling. Ice-out occurs earlier each year on our lakes. They are  causing sea level rise that can imperil businesses and homes along our  seacoast.   The strains on our fisheries and the increases of insect-borne  diseases that endanger our wildlife can all be tied to the effects of  climate change.   I have here a photo that I think it is important for people to see.  Moose have been one of New Hampshire's iconic wildlife representatives,  to put it, I guess, the easiest way. The moose are something that we  are very proud of in New Hampshire. We have seen them in the wildest  parts of our State, some even as far south as where I live in southern  New Hampshire. What we are seeing as the result of climate change is a  40-percent reduction in the moose in New Hampshire. As I said, that is  happening because of increases in insect-borne diseases.   If we look very closely at this picture, it looks like there are  little round balls on this moose. Those are ticks. Those are ticks that  have been able to attach to the moose and, in so many cases, kill the  moose. They are there because it is not getting cold enough in our  winters to kill off those ticks, so they multiply in such numbers that  they attach to the moose and they kill them. You can see this is a  distressed moose that has been affected by those ticks. She shouldn't  look like this, but it is the ticks. Those insect-borne diseases are  also responsible for something called brain worm that affects moose as  well.   So for our hunters and the people who enjoy the outdoors and wildlife  viewing, that is being threatened now because of climate change.   The beautiful maples that produce maple syrup and that produce such  beautiful colors in our fall foliage are being threatened because of  climate change. The estimate is that in several decades, we will no  longer see either moose or maple trees in New Hampshire because they  will have been forced out because the warming temperatures will mean  they can no longer survive.   Climate change is also affecting the public health of New Hampshire  citizens. Rising temperatures increase smog levels. They heighten the  effects of allergy season. They increase the number of children with  asthma. New Hampshire has one of the highest childhood asthma rates in  the country, and that has gotten worse because of climate change.   Scientists have proven without a doubt that CO2 and other  greenhouse gases are the primary culprits for the climate changes that  we are seeing and that human activity has increased the concentration  of these greenhouse gases.   If we are going to stop global warming, the United States must reduce  its greenhouse gas emissions in every sector, starting with how we  produce and consume energy.   One of the things that I have learned since my days as Governor is  that the easiest, fastest way to reduce our energy use is through  energy efficiency. It is without a doubt America's largest energy  resource. It has contributed more to our Nation's energy needs over the  last 40 years than any other fuel source. Without the economy-wide  improvements in energy efficiency that have occurred since 1973, it is  estimated that today's economy would require 60 percent more energy  than we are now consuming. In fact, savings from energy efficiency  improvements over the last 40 years have reduced our national energy  bill by an estimated $800 billion--with a ``b''--all while growing and  expanding our economy. Put another way, in the last 40 years, we have  saved more energy through energy efficiency than we have  produced through fossil fuels and nuclear power combined. So think  about that. Think about the potential of energy efficiency in  addressing our energy needs.    Energy efficiency is also the largest sector within the U.S. clean  energy economy. It employs nearly 2.25 million Americans nationwide,  and the majority of those people work in our small businesses. We know  that small businesses create about two-thirds of the new jobs in this  country. They are overwhelmingly responsible for innovation. Sixteen  times more patents are produced by small businesses. So this is where  innovation is going on, and it is going on in energy efficiency.   Just to reiterate, energy efficiency measures have proven time and  time again to be the easiest and most cost-effective way to address  climate change, while reducing energy costs and creating private sector  jobs.   The thing that I like about energy efficiency is that you don't have  to live in a certain part of the country and you don't have to be a  proponent of other types of fuel sources to appreciate and to support  energy efficiency. Everyone benefits from energy efficiency.   Unfortunately, since he took office, President Trump and his  administration have proposed policies that seek to undermine America's  clean energy economy and delay our progress toward addressing climate  change. The administration has proposed rollbacks to clean car  standards that will force Americans to pay more at the gas pump and  harm our environment.   Here is a chart that shows very clearly what rolling back CAFE  standards--the vehicle emissions requirements--would do. By 2035, the  rollback would add at least 158 million metric tons of carbon dioxide  annually. It would increase U.S. fuel consumption by 13.9 billion  gallons per year. This is according to the American Council for an  Energy-Efficient Economy. If we think about that in terms of fossil  fuels--this fuel consumption--that is more fuel than we import from  Iraq or Venezuela each year. Think about what that will mean for  increased consumption.   The administration has also proposed to replace the Clean Power Plan  with regulations that would relax standards for powerplants at the  expense and well-being of current and future generations. Appliance  efficiency standards have been frozen in place. After four decades with  energy efficiency as a bipartisan cornerstone of Federal energy policy,  the President has once again proposed profound cuts to energy  efficiency and to renewable energy programs at the Department of  Energy.   For those of us who support energy efficiency, there can be only one  response to these rollbacks: We must address them head-on, and we must  redouble our efforts to keep America on the right track.   As a result of bipartisan efforts in the House and Senate--as I said,  energy efficiency is one thing that we can get behind, Republicans and  Democrats--last month the President signed into law a spending bill  that includes increased investments for clean energy programs at the  Department of Energy--something that has enjoyed strong bipartisan  support.   In addition to increasing those investments, this appropriations bill  marks the first time since 2009--so the first time since I have been in  the Senate--that the Department of Energy will secure its funding  before the start of a fiscal year. This financial certainty will  strengthen these programs and the industries they support.   The passage of the Energy and Water appropriations bill that we did  today demonstrates that Congress remains committed to advancing  commonsense, bipartisan policies that will strengthen our Nation's  energy efficiency.   Just last week, this Senate adopted a bipartisan resolution that was  sponsored by Senator Portman of Ohio and me, along with 19 of our  colleagues, that recognizes the economic and environmental benefits  that energy efficiency has contributed to this country. Senator Portman  and I are also committed to advancing our legislation to spur energy  efficiency innovation and other initiatives across the most energy- intensive sectors of our economy. Senator Whitehouse talked about the  efforts that we have engaged in over the last 7 years. We have  introduced our bill into Congress in each Congress over the past 7  years. Each time, we are getting a little more momentum in getting this  through. We have gotten certain provisions of the bill through in the  last two Congresses.   It has been far too long since Congress passed a comprehensive energy  bill, so it is time for us to work together to pass an energy bill that  includes energy efficiency. This is bipartisan legislation. If it were  brought to the floor today, I guarantee you it would pass  overwhelmingly, and it would improve our Nation's energy policies and  help to grow the economy.  [[Page S6761]]    We have some great examples of what is being done, and Senator  Whitehouse talked about some of what is being done around the country  to address energy efficiency and reduce our energy use.   New Hampshire, like Rhode Island, is one of the States that are part  of the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative. At the State, local, and  grassroots levels, individuals, businesses, and governments are rising  to the challenge by intensifying their efforts to advance energy  efficiency and clean energy.   This chart shows what has happened in the States that have been part  of the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative. Carbon pollution has gone  down 51 percent, and electricity prices are down 6.4 percent. For us in  New England, where we have very high energy costs, that is very  positive. So if you don't support energy efficiency for any other  reason, you should support it because it reduces costs. Look at how  much in energy savings to consumers: $773 million.   Since 2009, the nine States in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative  have outperformed the national average in terms of all of these  measures. Because the majority of proceeds are invested in energy  efficiency, they have allowed electricity prices to fall, and they have  saved consumers millions on their energy bills. As we look in the  outyears, billions more are expected in savings, thanks to those  investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy under the  Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.    In August of 2017, RGGI's nine States agreed to strengthen their  program by reducing greenhouse gas emissions at least 30 percent more  by 2030. New Hampshire and other RGGI States have shown the Nation that  States can make smart clean energy choices that benefit the environment  while strengthening the economy. For those who say we need a market- driven approach to addressing climate change, this is a perfect example  of that.   Climate change represents an enormous challenge, but solutions are  within reach if we put into place policies that will allow for swift  action. We have a responsibility to help protect our children and  grandchildren from the severe consequences of global warming. We have  to start now, and we have to start with energy efficiency.   Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I note that my allergies are a  result of that climate change.   