 Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight for the  final time as a Member of Congress to say thank yous.   Thank you to California's 45th Congressional District for the faith  and  [[Page H10162]]  trust you have placed in me to represent you and your families in the  people's House.   I first entered this Chamber three decades ago as a young intern for  Representative Bill Thomas. I remember well the sense of wonder I felt  and the goose bumps on my arm. You would think that those youthful  emotions would fade once I became a Member myself, but they did not.  When I exit for the final time, I will still be in awe of the wonders  of those hallowed halls, and I will still have goose bumps.   It has been the honor of a lifetime to represent my home of Orange  County and the communities of Tustin, North Tustin, Orange, Irvine,  Mission Viejo, Laguna Woods, Laguna Hills, Rancho Santa Margarita, Lake  Forest, Anaheim Hills, Villa Park, and Coto de Caza.   Every step of the way during this journey of service, I have been  flanked by my husband, David, and my four children: Kate, Caroline, DJ,  and Tristan. They have been my rock, my reality check, my most clever  social media commenters, and the loves of my life. I thank God each and  every day that He has blessed me with them.   To my staff, both in Washington and Orange County, thank you for  making me and every Member of Congress better at our jobs. You are the  unsung heroes of government. Together, we have accomplished a lot: the  historic Sexual Assault Survivors' Bill of Rights, major tax and  regulatory reform, and landmark opioid legislation. And we helped  advance the conversation on paid family leave.   My staff helped me stay true to the promises I made to my  constituents, and I can't thank them enough for that.   I am blessed to have grown up and live in Orange County, and those of  us privileged to serve our community in Congress can only hope to have  left it in better shape than we have found it.   One small bit of advice I will impart to all those who succeed me in  this office, and that is: Bring your brain to Washington, but leave  your heart in Orange County. The people of the 45th District will teach  you a lot, and I am wiser from their tutelage.   The House of Representatives can be a loud and hectic place  sometimes, but that is why we love it. Keep your eye on the ball and  remain faithful to the institution.   As then-Congressman Abraham Lincoln of Illinois told this very House  when it was facing turbulent times: ``Determine that the thing can and  shall be done, and then we shall find the way.''   My home State of California and our Nation are fortunate to have such  a dedicated group of citizen legislators working to make both a better  place. I thank them for their guidance and their support over the  years. While we didn't always agree, I seldom have come across a  colleague who I didn't think had his or her constituents' best  interests at heart or cared deeply about our country.   Now, as I close this chapter of my life and leave the people's House  for the final time, I remain as confident as ever in the future of the  House and the Union. I remain forever in debt to the people of Orange  County and the 45th District for bestowing upon me the honor to serve.   May God bless America and the Golden State of California. I will see  y'all back home soon.   