 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we are faced today with an escalating  crisis on our southwest border. We all know it. We see news of it every  day, and it is very real.   As the chairman of the Appropriations Committee's Subcommittee on  Homeland Security, I would like to present some facts to the Senate  that make the case for increased investment in our border security.   In the fiscal year 2018, Border Patrol apprehensions at the southwest  border were up more than 30 percent compared with fiscal year 2017. In  real numbers, over 396,000 people were apprehended.  [[Page S7394]]    It is getting worse because, if you look at October of 2018 compared  to October of 2017, apprehensions were up 88 percent. The numbers are  going up.   The facts I have laid out don't tell the entire story. Border Patrol  estimates that it could be catching as little as half of the traffic  that is illegally crossing our southwest border between the ports of  entry, so we really don't know who we are catching, and we don't know  what they are carrying.   Border Patrol apprehensions of gang members is up 50 percent from  fiscal year 2017 to fiscal year 2018. Mexico is a primary source for  narcotics entering the United States. This is extremely important to me  as a representative from the State of West Virginia. Fentanyl seizures  by Border Patrol were up 115 percent over the past year, from 2017 to  2018.   We know that a significant portion of opioids enter our country  through ports of entry, but we cannot ignore the fact that we are  seeing opioid smuggling between the ports of entry increase at alarming  rates as well.   Similarly, methamphetamine seizures by Border Patrol have increased  75 percent since the year 2015. In more populated areas along the  border, aliens and smugglers are crossing the border unimpeded and  quickly vanishing into our neighborhoods, into our commercial areas,  and onto highways, headed to places like Mississippi and West Virginia.   A single load of fentanyl, walked across our land border in an  unassuming backpack, could threaten the lives of several thousand  Americans. Failure to better secure our border will have consequences  for all American communities.   I am very sad to say that my home State is an acutely affected area.  In the year 2017, drug overdoses were responsible for more deaths per  capita in West Virginia than in any other State. Listen to this. This  is so sad. Overdoses tragically took the life of 1 out of every 1,700  West Virginians and 1 out of 46 Americans in this country. We saw a  500-percent increase in meth overdoses in West Virginia from the years  2013 to 2017. What I have learned about this is that we have gone from  prescription drugs to heroin, to heroin laced with fentanyl, and now it  is synthetic methamphetamines that are the threat. This is occurring  while we are seeing an uptick in meth that is mass produced in places  like Mexico, trafficked across our border, and then distributed across  the United States. Even more troubling, these types of meth are also  being laced with the synthetic and dangerous opioid, fentanyl.   In this current debate, it is easy to forget that just over a decade  ago, on a bipartisan basis, Congress--and I was over in the House of  Representatives at the time--was making significant investments in our  border security infrastructure. What we have seen from these past  investments is that physical barriers actually work at the border. The  statistics show that.   In the 1990s and 2000s, we built physical barriers in four sectors:  the San Diego sector, the El Paso sector, the Tucson sector, and the  Yuma sector. In each of these places, the number of apprehensions  dropped by more than 90 percent after the infrastructure was installed.  In these areas, investment in border security has enhanced the safety  and the security on both sides of the border.   Neighborhoods that were once overrun with illegal activity are  vibrant. Commercial areas that were once considered dangerous and  unprofitable are now flourishing with economic development. Nature  preserves that were once trashed and trampled are again full of our  native plants and animals.   The cartels on the other side of the border profit in places where we  haven't invested. Criminals aren't going to stop smuggling humans and  narcotics into the United States because we have invested in certain  key places; they have simply changed their routes and shifted their  tactics to areas where we haven't yet built infrastructure.   If we fail to better secure our border, we are inviting vulnerable  migrant populations, many of whom may be fleeing danger in their own  home communities, to subject themselves to dangerous journeys through  rugged terrain. They are often doing so under the thumb of cartels who  profit from the illegal human trafficking, just as they profit from  drug trafficking.   We need to secure our borders and encourage these migrants to instead  seek entry legally at the designated ports of entry.   This past summer, I traveled for several days to the southwest  border, both in California and in Texas. I witnessed the needs that we  have there firsthand. I saw the open pathways across the border and  into our communities. I saw the gaps in our border security. I also saw  communities that have become safer because we have provided border  security. I didn't just see those things; I heard from the men and  women who patrol our border each and every day. It is a tough job. It  is a tough job. They expressed the need for and the value of the  investments I am talking about here today.   While the need for additional investment in border infrastructure may  be obvious to some, Congress has recognized that we need to be  strategic in these investments. It was said on the Senate floor last  week that there is no plan for these investments. I am here to tell you  that is not the actual, true story.   In fact, the bipartisan fiscal year 2017 appropriations bill required  Customs and Border Protection to provide us with a comprehensive border  security plan, an improvement plan, to ensure that we get it right.  This plan was developed sector by sector by agents in the field, and it  was weighted by illegal activities that are occurring in those sectors.  It was written from the bottom up by career law enforcement  professionals who walk the line every day, sometimes on boats on the  Rio Grande--we did that too--and know where new infrastructure is  needed most.   The plan was delivered in January of 2018 and provided us with a 10- year roadmap for border security investment based on operational  requirements. Here is what we learned from this plan.   As traffic slowed in San Diego, in Arizona, and in El Paso, we have  seen it shift to South Texas, to the Rio Grande Valley sector. This  sector covers just 17 percent of the mileage of the entire border, but  it now sees 40 percent of the illegal border traffic. This sector also  accounts for an outsized number of narcotic seizures and a significant  portion of the assaults on our Border Patrol agents.   Through the fiscal year 2018 appropriations bill enacted in March,  Congress provided a downpayment of nearly $1.4 billion toward this  plan, this improvement plan.   Despite claims on the Senate floor last week to the contrary, Customs  and Border Protection is executing this funding at an astounding rate.  About one-third of it is already under contract. Another third will be  under contract in the next several weeks, and the entirety of this  funding will be under contract within a year of enactment of this  legislation. They are spending it where it is needed most and as fast  as we can get it to them.   In June, the Appropriations Committee, led by my subcommittee,  produced a bill that recommended border security funding in line with  this plan. Specifically, the bill recommended significant funding for  new physical barriers along the southwest border. This is a very good  bill, but over the summer and over the fall, this crisis on the  southwest border has escalated.   I believe we in Congress must demonstrate that we are flexible enough  to respond when the situation calls for it. The statistics I cited  certainly make a compelling case.   Providing additional resources in fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year  2020 for border security infrastructure would be consistent with the  border security improvement plan when viewed through the lens of an  escalating crisis. This funding would go straight to the places in  South Texas where we are seeing the most illegal traffic.   It is important to note that providing an appropriate level of  funding is possible without exceeding any of our budget caps and  without shortchanging any of our other very important programs, as long  as we get serious about finding a bipartisan way forward.   I will take a time out here to recognize that Senator Schumer and  rising Speaker Pelosi are going to be meeting with the President on  this very issue today, so I urge them to reach a bipartisan way  forward.  [[Page S7395]]    I urge my colleagues here in the Senate to take a long, hard look at  the undisputable facts, which demonstrate that the crisis on the border  is escalating. Our law enforcement personnel have provided us with a  plan to work toward improving and solving that problem, so let's work  together and get this done.   I yield back my time.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   