 Mr. President, I am in distress to be on the floor of  the Senate today with my colleague, Senator Graham, to express our deep  and profound disappointment in President Trump's decision to withdraw  U.S. troops from northeast Syria.   We had the opportunity to visit Syria this summer, and we saw what a  difference our troops had made there in the fight against ISIS in  stabilizing Syria along the northern Turkish border. We saw the  response from the Syrians we talked to, both the Kurds and Arabs, as we  drove along the road. We saw children and people in the area flashing a  victory sign at our troops, and you can see from this map the land that  is controlled by the Syrian Democratic Forces, our partners in Syria,  so this is the United States and Syrian Democratic Forces.   We have a significant piece of Syria that is now peaceful and  stabilized and ISIS has been thrown out of that part of Syria, but the  President's decision--which was announced by a tweet--is dangerous,  premature, and wholly inconsistent with the facts on the ground in  Syria and our own military's advice.   I was listening to Senator Rubio earlier today talking about what is  the plan? What is the plan if we withdraw? Well, I will tell you what  the plan is. There is no plan. There is no follow-on to what we are  going to do if we withdraw from Syria. What we know is, the work of our  combined joint task force, Operation Inherent Resolve, and its partner  forces, the Syrian Democratic Forces, is truly remarkable. Again, we  can see it. We can see it in this brown section of the country where we  have control and there is peace and stability.   Senator Graham and I, when we visited this summer, we went to Manbij,  which was controlled by ISIS for 3 years. We walked through the market  in Manbij without any body armor, with no guards. We talked to people  in that community about what life was like under ISIS.   I talked to one woman who told me she did not go out of her house the  entire time ISIS controlled Manbij, for 3 years. She went out of her  house once to visit the doctor.  [[Page S7894]]    We saw women strolling through the market. We saw children playing.  We saw people who were happy to be back in their own communities. They  said to us: Please stay. We are worried about what will happen if the  Americans leave Manbij.   We also flew over Kobane, right here on the Turkish border. I  remember all of the TV coverage of the fight for Kobane and what it  looked like.   We could see it was being rebuilt, not with money from the United  States but with money from the region. We could see all the building  going on. We flew over a center where they were holding some of the  most dangerous foreign fighters who had been captured in the fight  against ISIS, being held right here in Kobane. Then we went down to Ayn  Issa, where we saw, directly, the difference certain forces had made in  helping to guard our outposts where our troops were stationed. We saw  detention facilities where they were holding, again, fighters from  Syria who had fought for ISIS.   We then went over to Al-Hasakah where we saw a prison that was being  built to hold the most dangerous of the foreign fighters. Those foreign  fighters who--we don't know what will happen if we withdraw our troops.  There will be nobody there to support the Syrian Democratic Forces that  are holding hundreds of those fighters. What happens? Do they get  released?   Do they come back to the United States and to Europe where they can  engineer terrorist attacks? Do they go back into the villages and  restart another terrorist group? There is no--we don't know what is  going to happen there because there is no follow-on plan.   Again, we heard from people everywhere we went how important it was  to have American troops stationed in Syria--about 2,000 American troops  who have made such a huge difference there. They serve a vital shield  against ISIS cells that are still operating in Northeast Syria. While  the President claims that the threat of ISIS within Syria has  dissipated, the conditions on the ground paint a very different  picture. So working with our partners we have achieved gains against  ISIS because we have partnered with the Syrian Democratic Forces that  are partly Kurd and partly Arab. If those Syrian Democratic Forces lose  the support of the United States, we run the risk of a resurgence of  ISIS and the possible capitulation or all-out destruction of Kurdish  resistance in the region.   What does that mean? That means those ISIS elements are emboldened.  They may go underground, but they may reemerge. If we don't remember  history, we are destined to repeat it. That is what happened in Iraq.  We left al-Qaida, moved to Syria, and they reemerged as an even bigger  threat. If we leave, it is not at all clear what is going to happen.   These are hard-fought gains that are critical to ensuring that we win  the fight against terrorism in the Middle East. If we leave, we are  going to cede influence in that region to Russia, to Iran, to Assad. In  fact, just moments after this decision was announced this morning, we  heard the chair of Russia's State Duma, the chair of the Defense  Committee, Vladimir Shamanov said: ``U.S. plans in Syria had failed,''  and he added that we, the United States, had decided to make this  knight's move in order to avoid a ``shameful end.''   Make no mistake. They are celebrating in Moscow tonight after the  President's announcement, just like they are celebrating in Tehran  tonight because of the President's announcement because we are going to  leave the field in Syria to those countries that are aggressors against  the United States.   I urge President Trump to listen to his military and diplomatic  advisers before he goes any further on this shortsighted decision.   It is important to understand that U.S. leadership is essential to  completely defeating ISIS and to bringing an end to the violence in  Syria. It is also important to reassure our allies that America keeps  its word; that when partnering with us, we are there to support you. If  we leave now, what does that say to anybody else in the future who may  want to partner with the United States on any conflict? It says: You  can't count on the United States because we may just pull out on you  tomorrow if the President suddenly thinks it is in his interests--not  in the interests of the United States but in his interest to withdraw.   This is a reckless decision, and it is undoubtedly going to have  consequences for years to come for our military and for our ability to  partner with others internationally. The only ones who are going to  benefit from this decision are our enemies.   So I am pleased to partner with Senator Graham on a resolution that  would express the sense of the Senate that we should not be withdrawing  our troops from Syria, that there is too much at stake here for us to  take this reckless action and send the wrong message to our partners in  the rest of the world.   I am pleased to join my colleague, Senator Graham, and we will do  everything we can to urge the President to reverse this reckless  decision.    Absolutely not. In fact, they talked about how pleased  they were with the gains we had made, with the partnership, with the  SDF, with what they were seeing in terms of stabilizing those  communities, people coming back to their homes, rebuilding, and how  important it was for us to stay there.    Without a doubt, and we saw that firsthand, as you  remember. When we saw them guarding our outposts, when we saw them in  the communities, when we saw them in the detention facilities, trying  to abide by international standards with respect to the foreign  fighters they were guarding, it was very impressive.    Not at all. In fact, if you look at this map, you can  see this orange color. That is one of the pockets that remains of ISIS.  Right here. We have not yet eradicated ISIS, and that does not account  for some of the cells that exist throughout this area.    Absolutely, and it is what we saw in Iraq.    Will my colleague yield for a question?    You talk about those 700 prisoners. A number of them  are foreign fighters. A number of them are ISIS fighters from Syria and  Iraq. What do you think will happen to those detainees who are being  held by the Syrian Democratic Forces if we withdraw and there is no  support for what they are doing?   