 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am glad to be here today to be on the  Senate floor to rise to urge my colleagues to confirm Mike Pompeo as  our next Secretary of State.   The Senate is an institution built on history and tradition. We hear  that quite a bit as we walk the halls, particularly where it comes to  confirmations.   Confirming the President's Cabinet, confirming judges, confirming a  Supreme Court Justice, I think, is one of the greatest honors that we  enjoy as Senators.   Recent Secretaries of State have enjoyed strong bipartisan support  from this Chamber during their own confirmation process. Hillary  Clinton was confirmed by a vote of 94 to 2. John Kerry was confirmed by  a vote of 94 to 3. These are overwhelming, bipartisan votes, and it is  not because everybody in this Chamber agrees with everything Secretary  Clinton or Secretary Kerry would have done on most of the foreign  policy questions. The result is the Senate's strong tradition of  confirming qualified nominees to represent the United States on the  world stage. This very crucial position, Secretary of State, gives the  President his or her voice around the world in the diplomatic  realm. But when it comes to the confirmation of this nominee, Mike  Pompeo, many of my colleagues have  [[Page S2407]]  seemed way too ready to brush aside this long-held tradition. What is  the reason for this? I think you would agree with me--the reason is  pretty obvious--that it is just flat-out partisanship. Partisanship is  the only explanation because it certainly could not be, is not, and  will not be the nominee's qualifications.    We have all heard Mike Pompeo's resume by now. His list of experience  and accomplishments make him more than qualified to serve as this  Nation's top diplomat. I think some of his qualifications are worth  repeating.   He was first in his class at West Point. He was a cavalry officer in  the U.S. Army and served honorably. He is a graduate of Harvard Law  School. He was an editor of the Harvard Law Review and the Harvard  Journal of Law & Public Policy.   After law school, Mike worked at one of the country's very  prestigious and top law firms before he cofounded a company where he  served as CEO. He then joined another company where, again, he served  as the CEO.   That was all before Mike was elected to serve four terms in the U.S.  House of Representatives, where I was very fortunate, in my years as a  U.S. Congresswoman, to serve and work alongside him and to call him my  colleague.   During his time in Congress, he served on the Permanent Select  Committee on Intelligence. Just on the title alone, ``Permanent  Select''--it is a committee selected by the Speaker and the minority  leader--you know that it is extremely important because it deals with  all of the Nation's intelligence.   We know that after he left that position as a Congressman, he became  President Trump's Director of the CIA. By all accounts and by all  reports, he has done an absolutely exceptional job. He revitalized the  morale within the CIA and put us on even footing on one of our core  missions.   I think it is an impressive list of qualifications that he has,  especially when you compare some of our previous Secretaries of State.   I would ask the question: What does it take for a military officer, a  lawyer, a CEO, a Congressman, and now a CIA Director to get one  Democratic vote out of committee? Why is there such pushback on such a  qualified nominee? I believe it is because of a partisan campaign to  obstruct. We have seen it on other nominations and certainly on this  one.   This sort of obstruction does not help our government function. It  doesn't help the career folks over at the State Department do their  job--and they are ready. It doesn't help our country lead on the global  stage, and it certainly doesn't help the people we serve.   This is an important time in our Nation's history, particularly  around the world. You and I just heard the French President--the Chief  Executive--talk about the needs of Europe and his views on terrorism  and America's place as a world leader. Now, more than ever, we need a  strong and qualified Secretary of State. We need a leader to negotiate  with North Korea. These negotiations are coming up rapidly, and we know  that Mike Pompeo has already developed a relationship.   We need him to counter the Russian aggression we see cropping up in  other areas all around this globe. We need a strong leader to address  the chemical weapons situation in Syria, as tragic as it is. The list  could go on and on.   And do you know what? Mike Pompeo is up to this job, and we should  give it to him. We should give it to him in this Chamber by  confirmation.   The American people want Washington to work. They want us to work  together. They want us to work as a team. That is how we are set up. So  how can that happen if the President can't even get the opportunity to  put his own team in place?   I am going to vote for Mike Pompeo to be our next Secretary of State  because I want the President to have his team. I want the Nation to  have a strong leader. I want our State Department to be functioning as  fully, as vibrantly, and as aggressively as we can around the world in  these dangerous times.   With that, I urge my colleagues to put partisanship aside and confirm  Mike Pompeo as our next Secretary of State.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   