 Mr. President, I rise today in strong support of the  important legislation before us, and that is the 2018 farm bill. This  is critical legislation for Nebraskans and for all Americans. It will  provide the certainty and predictability agriculture producers need to  do their job of delivering abundant, high-quality, nutritious food to  our Nation.   My husband, Bruce, and I have a family ranch in the Sandhills of  Nebraska. That is our home. That is where we live, and that is where we  work. I know firsthand that being a farmer or rancher is more than just  a job. It is a way of life, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. It is one  of life's most noble callings to care for the land and God's creatures,  to be stewards of our natural resources, and to feed the world.   As a State senator of the Nebraska legislature and now as a U.S.  Senator, commonsense agriculture policy has been a top priority for me.  This year, I was honored to have the opportunity to join the Senate Ag  Committee, where I am the voice for Nebraska agriculture as we work on  this vital legislation for our State.   I want to thank Chairman Roberts for welcoming me to the committee  and for his excellent work on this bill. I also want to thank him for  making a trip to the ``good life'' this past May. Together, we held a  roundtable at the Nebraska State fairgrounds in Grand Island and toured  a soybean processing plant in Hastings. During these visits, we heard  feedback and input from Nebraska ag producers that we brought back to  Washington as the committee crafted this bill.   Production agriculture is the economic engine of Nebraska. Across our  State, there are more than 47,000 farms and ranches. From the panhandle  to Central Nebraska, to the city streets of Lincoln and Omaha,  Nebraskans understand the monumental role of agriculture as our State's  No. 1 industry. One in four Nebraska jobs is tied to agriculture, but  we all know there is a lot of anxiety in farm country today.   Current net farm income is down by over 50 percent compared to 5  years ago when we passed the last farm bill. While uncertainty  surrounds international trade and biofuels policy, we are looking at  experiencing depressed commodity prices and tight margins. Since the  beginning of June, Nebraska cash corn prices are down roughly 11  percent. Cash soybean prices are down 14 percent. This has resulted in  over $1 billion in potential lost receipts to corn and soybean  producers. Farmers and ranchers are worried.   For many years, I traveled the State of Nebraska to meet with and  listen carefully to folks about their ideas to address the issues they  face. I hosted several ag roundtables with local producers, Nebraska  stakeholders, government officials, and agriculture industry experts  about how we can boost our rural economies.   Many of our discussions explore the relationship between the  ``internet of things'' and agriculture. A key point that has been  consistently made is the need for high-speed internet connectivity on  farms and ranches. I hold a number of these roundtables every year, and  it is always good to hear straight from producers about these important  issues. I also bring leaders in our government to Nebraska so that they  can develop a better understanding of our State and familiarize  themselves with the challenges producers deal with on a daily basis.   On a snowy day in May last year, I welcomed the Secretary of  Agriculture, Sonny Perdue, to our family ranch. The Secretary joined me  in hosting a roundtable discussion with more than 60 of our neighbors  and our friends. He heard about our suggestions on trade, marketing our  products, broadband deployment, and other concerns we as ag producers  have.   Working together with my colleagues here in the Senate, we have had  some great successes rolling back Federal regulations that have hurt  farmers and ranchers. For example, Congress worked with the  administration to halt the harmful waters of the United States rule,  which would have expanded the Federal Government's jurisdiction over my  State's water resources.   Earlier this year, as a part of the government spending bill,  Congress passed and the President signed into law a permanent fix,  which I championed. It ensures that farmers and ranchers are not  treated like superfund sites under those EPA regulations. Additionally,  we made some progress in eliminating regulations meant for oil  refineries that were unreasonably affecting producers who use on-farm  fuel storage tanks.   Leading up to the 2018 farm bill, I was pleased to work alongside the  USDA and the Nebraska Department of Agriculture to lift a 13-year ban  on U.S. beef shipments to Israel. I have also been outspoken about the  value of the South Korean market to Nebraska's high-quality agriculture  products. I advocated for our country to stay in the KORUS Free Trade  Agreement, and I visited with both the U.S. administration officials  and South Korean officials to stress the importance of the trade  relationship between our two countries.   I was pleased to see that the administration made a good trade deal  with South Korea. This is a step in the right direction. It will expand  opportunities for our producers and for the State of Nebraska.   These were big wins for our producers, but we can, we should, and we  must provide the predictability our producers need, especially during  these tough times. That means passing the farm bill and enacting it  into law.   Traveling around our State, a common theme that I hear is the  continued need for a strong farm safety net that upholds the integrity  of the crop insurance program. This is a critical risk management tool  that works for farmers. From the very beginning, I have  [[Page S4386]]  made safeguarding crop insurance my top priority throughout this  process, and I appreciate that the farm bill will enhance this vital  program for producers in my State and across the country.    This farm bill also recognizes the importance of our trade promotion  programs. Nebraska producers have demonstrated that they can excel in  the global marketplace. The bill before us merges the Market Access  Program, the Foreign Market Development Program, the Emerging Markets  Program, and the Technical Assistance for Specialty Crops into one new  Priority Trade Promotion, Development, and Assistance Program.   This new priority trade promotion program will ensure that the  baselines for these important programs will be upheld while allowing ag  organizations to leverage these critical dollars to promote our high- quality ag products around the world. Moreover, the program will allow  the Secretary of Agriculture to address immediate trade needs  effectively to ensure that valuable market access is prioritized.   What is more, this bill takes major steps to expand broadband so that  our rural communities, which are harder to reach, are not left behind  in this digital era. There is no stronger example of the benefits of  innovation than the influence of internet access on the agriculture  industry. Today's rural areas are experiencing increased productivity  because of the advanced technologies fueling U.S. agricultural growth.   Just recently, I had the honor of welcoming the FCC Commissioner,  Brendan Carr, to Northeast Nebraska to further address this issue.  Together, we visited Northeast Community College, where we learned  about their fascinating precision agriculture curriculum, which focuses  on familiarizing students with new farming technology. Advanced  information technology and the data these systems gather help our  amazing agriculture producers make effective decisions as they feed the  world.   The Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act was included in the Ag  Committee's managers' package during the markup of the farm bill. This  would create a task force at the FCC charged with identifying breaks in  high-speed internet connectivity across America's farm and ranch land.   Additionally, in the committee markup for the farm bill, I was also  pleased to sponsor several amendments that were adopted unanimously in  the managers' package. My amendment encouraging producers to utilize  efficient water irrigation conservation technology directs the USDA's  Natural Resources Conservation Service to recognize the use of remote  telemetry data systems for irrigation scheduling as a best management  practice.   The 2018 farm bill will also provide some much needed relief for our  ag haulers. It is clear that the hours of service regulations for truck  drivers are inflexible, and they fail to consider the realities that  impact our livestock haulers.   I filed an amendment with my colleague, the senior Senator from  Arkansas, which would expand the definition of livestock to include  llama, alpacas, live fish, and crawfish. With this expanded definition,  agricultural haulers would receive exemptions for these products from  the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's hours of service  requirements.   This legislation addresses many important issues for Nebraska's  producers, but it is not perfect. Pesticide applicators in Nebraska are  being forced to deal with redundant Federal regulations that provide no  environmental or water quality benefits, yet they are putting a  financial strain on producers. This is a bipartisan issue, and it needs  to be addressed. In fact, the EPA, under the Obama administration,  supported this fix.   I wish this bill did more to cut redtape and to provide relief for  our farmers and their families.   Additionally, I was disappointed that the bill doesn't include  commonsense flexibilities for the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program.  That is why I am a cosponsor to an amendment that would provide our  children, no matter where they live, with access to fruits and  vegetables, regardless of form. This bipartisan amendment would ensure  that the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program does not use our taxpayer  dollars to pick winners and losers based on product categories.  Instead, this amendment would provide our schools, particularly those  in the most rural areas of our country, with more flexibility to  provide their students with canned or frozen produce that is  nutritionally equivalent.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   I am proud to fight for farmers, ranchers, and producers in the  Senate. Our ag producers are God's gift to Nebraska and to the world.  They are my neighbors and my friends. They are my family.   By coming together to pass this pro-farmer, pro-agriculture farm  bill, we can secure a better future for our producers and for our  country.   Again, I thank Chairman Roberts and Ranking Member Stabenow for their  good work on this bill. The House has done their job, and now it is our  turn.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   