 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    I am.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the  bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If  adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as  amended.   We are here because our Constitution provided for a body that would  represent the interests of the people. There are 435 of us, and our  mandate is to represent the interests of individuals from coast to  coast, and beyond to our territories, ensuring that our laws help each  of them work toward the American Dream.   For many Americans, owning property is the pinnacle of that dream.  Once they have achieved it, that is not something we, the Federal  Government, should take away lightly, and that is a principle upon  which I think my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would be  particularly willing to agree. It is certainly not something that we  should be letting companies impede upon.   Yet, current law allows pipeline companies, with authorization of the  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, to circumvent landowner  opposition and to use eminent domain to acquire people's lands so that  they can build pipelines, even if the product of those pipelines ends  up being used overseas.   Why would we allow private companies, shipping our resources overseas  for a profit, with no benefit to us here at home, to take away  privately owned land from owners who don't want to lose their property?   Worse still, compensation provided to the property owners is often  far from fair or just, and the negotiations are rarely conducted in  good faith. That is to say nothing of the polluting nature of these  companies or our Nation's continued reliance on fossil fuels.   When you take away all the environmental considerations and look only  at the basic transaction here, we are giving away people's private land  to pipeline companies for no public benefit. In fact, we are giving  away people's private land so that private companies can profit from  selling liquefied natural gas to customers outside of the United  States.   This body has fallen into a bad habit of corporate giveaways, but  this is one of the worst.   With the recent boom in the domestic gas production, this is  happening across the United States and harming property owners in many  of our districts.   In my own State of New Jersey, residents, including my own  constituents, are deeply concerned about the PennEast Pipeline Project,  a proposed 118-mile, 36-inch gas pipeline stretching from northeast  Pennsylvania to my district. More than 500 landowners, many of whom  have vocally opposed the pipeline, will now have their properties cut  up for construction.   Preventing these private, for-profit companies from having access to  the eminent domain authority in section 7h of the Natural Gas Act would  immediately halt abuse of that authority by private gas pipeline  companies. It would place public interests over private profit. Most  importantly, it will protect our constituents' hard-earned pieces of  the American Dream.   This is an opportunity for each of us to show that we are for the  people, that we acknowledge our job is to serve the people's interests,  and that corporations shouldn't be able to take private land.   It shouldn't be a difficult choice because, if you are not here for  the people, then you shouldn't be here at all.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.  [[Page H7899]]    A recorded vote was ordered.   