 Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to say a few words about  the retirement of my chairman, Rodney Frelinghuysen. Chairman  Frelinghuysen has carried out his responsibilities with fairness and  earnestness, and it has been such a pleasure to serve as ranking member  during his chairmanship.   I look forward, however, to working together for the remainder of  this year on our shared goal: bipartisan and responsible full-year  funding for all discretionary investments.   Today, we are considering the FY 2018 Defense Appropriations bill for  the third time, a time-wasting consequence of an agreement between the  Speaker and rightwing Republicans--the third time. Last week,  Republican leadership kicked the can down the road and passed yet  another continuing resolution delaying investments in our military,  education, infrastructure, biomedical research, and so much more.   Yet again, the bill before us removes Congresswoman Barbara Lee's  amendment to debate a new Authorization for Use of Military Force which  received bipartisan support in the Appropriations Committee markup.  This undemocratic maneuver, which the majority has repeated once again,  is outrageous.   In addition to the many procedural inequities, the majority's effort  to increase defense spending is a mirage because the bill would turn  off sequestration for defense in FY18, allowing Republicans to violate  the spirit of our budget laws and increase defense spending while  ignoring other investments that grow our economy, create jobs, and  further provide for our security.   This is hardly about fiscal responsibility. If it were, the majority  would eliminate the seven slush funds in this bill that equals $28.6  billion for a department that would receive far more than it requested.   Four months into the fiscal year, the Federal Government is  irresponsibly operating on the fourth continuing resolution. We do not  have an agreement on top-line spending numbers, let alone an omnibus  spending package ready when the current CR runs out next week on  February 8. So, my friends,  [[Page H721]]  this is not the time to pat ourselves on the back for a job well done.  On the contrary, we should be settling down and working together to  pass spending bills for FY18.   If the majority were serious about funding our military, then they  would move forward toward a full-year, bipartisan omnibus that could  pass both Chambers. Instead, they continue to show their inability to  govern by leading us down a path that will require another CR that is  detrimental to our men and women in uniform.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   