 Mr. President, I rise today to continue my tributes to  the current generation of Nebraska men and women who have lost their  lives defending our freedom in Iraq and Afghanistan. Each of these  Nebraskans has a special story to tell.   Today I will recall the life and service of Cpl Matt Henderson of  Lincoln, NE.   Matt was born on May 15, 1979, in Columbia, MO, to Owen and Rebecca  Henderson. At the time Matt came into the world, his dad, Owen, was  attending veterinary school. After Owen finished veterinary school, the  Henderson family moved to ``The Good Life'' to raise both Matt and his  newly born sister Kellie.   As Matt grew, he made many friends, loved to play outside, and  enjoyed hunting and fishing. Many times Matt could be found by his  dad's side on his equine veterinary visits.   His favorite furry companion was his curly-haired golden retriever  Rocket, with which he spent a lot of time and which he taught to play  fetch.   Matt loved sports and participated in many sports growing up,  including baseball, basketball, wrestling, track, and football, but his  favorite of all was football. He was a devout Nebraska Husker and  Chicago Bears fan.   Matt and his wife Jaimie began dating while they attended Palmyra  Junior-Senior High School in Otoe County. Jaimie remembers Matt wearing  his football jersey on game days and their dates at the movies, the  mall, and homecoming dances before they were even old enough to drive.   After graduating high school in 1998, Matt attended Nebraska Wesleyan  University where he studied athletic training and criminal justice. He  also played on the football team and was an avid weightlifter.   In 2000, Matt joined the U.S. Marine Corps because he was attracted  to the discipline and direction that it offered. He completed boot camp  at Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego before attending and completing  infantry training at Camp Pendleton. Due to his strong interest in the  construction field, Matt also finished combat engineer school at Camp  Lejeune.   After engineer school, he was assigned to the 1st Combat Engineer  Battalion at Camp Pendleton.   On August 4, 2001, Matt proposed to Jaimie on Mission Beach in San  Diego, just after sunset. They were so excited to finally get married  and begin planning their wedding in Nebraska, which was scheduled for  April 12, 2003.   In January of 2003, however, Matt's unit was informed that they would  be among the first forces to invade Iraq. Jaimie postponed the wedding,  which was supposed to take place in just a few months, and instead she  and Matt were married in a civil ceremony in San Diego. The two of them  couldn't imagine something happening during Matt's deployment and never  being able to marry one another.   In February of 2003, Matt deployed to Iraq. He joined other U.S.-led  forces in the invasion of Iraq and Kuwait in order to oust Saddam  Hussein. During his deployment, Matt was chosen to be a squad leader  due to his leadership abilities, technical skills, and the respect of  other marines. Matt's family had no communication with him during this  time and were glued to the TV, watching the news every evening with the  hopes of catching a glimpse of Matt.   Upon Matt's return home in May of 2003, he and Jaimie finally had  their big church wedding in Lincoln, NE, where they renewed their vows  in front of their family and friends. Following the wedding, Jaimie  moved to California to live at Camp Pendleton with Matt. Without the  distance, she and Matt had more time to spend together, and they  enjoyed socializing with their other friends in the Marine Corps.   In February of 2004, Matt deployed to Iraq for the second time and  Jaimie moved back to Nebraska to be closer to their families.   As a squad leader, Matt was very aware of and concerned about the  dangers of his second deployment. On May 26, 2004, Matt was leading his  squad of several other marines and sweeping an area in the Al Anbar  Province of Iraq for explosive devices and repairing major roads. This  particular area had seen a dramatic increase in violence and  demonstrations at the time, and the Province was in full-scale revolt.  During the sweep, Matt and two of his men, including Shelton, NE,  native Kyle Codner, were killed when an IED was detonated.   Matt warned his squad to get back and take cover but was unable to  get out of range himself. The remainder of his squad survived, with one  person suffering shrapnel wounds.   Cpl Matt Henderson's memorial service was held at the First Plymouth  Church in Lincoln on June 3, 2004. Hundreds of family, friends, and  fellow soldiers attended the ceremony to honor Matt and pay their  respects. In what seems an impossible task, Matt's father gave the  eulogy that day. Matt was laid to rest at the Lincoln Memorial Park  Cemetery.   For his ultimate sacrifice, Cpl Matt Henderson received the Naval  Achievement Medal with cluster, a Purple Heart, and numerous unit  citations and campaign ribbons. He was the first to receive the  prestigious Noncommissioned Officer Combat Engineer of the Year Award  posthumously.   Matt was a consistent source of inspiration for his fellow marines.  He was the kind of young man people were just drawn to. He was a tough,  yet selfless marine.   Cpl Matt Henderson lived life to the fullest, and he is missed dearly  by his family and friends. I join all Nebraskans and Americans across  the country in saluting Matt's bravery and his sacrifice.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   