 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to support Senator  Baldwin's resolution to overturn President Trump's junk plans rule.   Since day one, President Trump has been relentless in his efforts to  sabotage healthcare for people in our Nation. He has worked to drive up  the costs, given power back to big insurance companies, and despite his  recent campaign promise to fight for people with preexisting  conditions, almost every single step he has taken has been in the  opposite direction.   President Trump's awful junk plan rule, which went into effect last  week, is the latest example. His decision to expand junk insurance  plans actually gives insurance companies more power to sell plans that  ignore protections for people with preexisting conditions. It gives  insurance companies more power to discriminate based on age or on sex.  It gives insurance companies even more power to avoid covering  important medical needs like emergency care, mental health care,  prescription drugs, or even maternity care. This rule also lets  insurance companies spend less money on patients directly and more  money on excessive administrative costs and executive bonuses. This new  rule shows how empty President Trump's promises are when it comes to  preexisting conditions.   It is not just President Trump. A lot of Republicans are claiming to  stand for protections for preexisting conditions. However, when you  compare how Democrats are fighting for these protections and how some  Republicans are undermining them, the difference is as clear as night  and day.   When President Trump tried to pass his TrumpCare bill and undermine  preexisting condition protection, Democrats stood with families across  the country and fought tirelessly to stop that awful bill. However,  most of our Republican colleagues championed it. When President Trump's  Justice Department chose to abandon these protections in court against  the Republican-led lawsuit to strike them down, Democrats rallied  around the bill to let the Senate join the lawsuit and defend  protections for preexisting conditions. Not a single Republican joined  in that  [[Page S6744]]  effort. Now President Trump is undermining these protections through  the junk plan rule, and Democrats are again on the floor leading the  charge against him with the resolution that is before us today.   Where are those Republican colleagues who have claimed to care so  much about this issue but have done so little to fight for it? So far  they have offered empty promises and even gimmicks, like a bill they  claim protects people with preexisting conditions but actually allows  insurance companies to discriminate based on age and sex.   If Republicans are serious about standing up for people with  preexisting conditions, they will join us to pass this bill and fight  for them. I am not holding my breath, but I am not giving up. Democrats  are going to keep fighting for people across the country, for people  with preexisting conditions. We are going to keep fighting for cancer  patients and survivors, people living with diabetes and arthritis and  other chronic diseases, and we are going to keep fighting for women who  are pregnant or seniors who are facing the challenges of old age and  for so many other families who might not be able to get the care they  need without these important protections for people with preexisting  conditions.   Finally, I thank Ms. Baldwin for her leadership on this very  important effort. I know this fight is personal for her, like it is for  so many families across the country. I am grateful for her leading the  charge.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following fellows on my HELP Committee staff be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress: Sheri Lou Santos,  Garrett Devenney, and Brian Kaplun.   