 Mr. President, I wish to thank Senator Blunt from the  great State of Missouri for his leadership on this issue. He chairs the  subcommittee that is very pivotal--the Appropriations Subcommittee on  Labor, Health and Human Services--and has moved forward so aggressively  to up the funding in this area. We have the pedal to the metal now.   As he said, when we are moving and coming to a final spending bill,  this has to be a top priority for us. It is absolutely critical. I am  really pleased to be on the subcommittee, but I want to thank him for-- I know he works diligently with NIH, which holds big promise. We are  always looking for solutions. Can we treat ourselves out of this? Can  we law enforce ourselves out of this? Can we prevent ourselves out of  this? I think we can do all of those. We have to have a component of  research that looks at the alternatives to pain medications and pain  management.   The current bill we have looked at is $816 million for programs to  combat opioid abuse issues, and that is a 440-percent increase from the  previous year.   I am going to go through this. It might sound a little mundane and  detail-oriented, but people say: That is great to ``up'' the amount of  money that you are spending, but where are you really spending this  money?   The Senator from Missouri, Mr. Blunt, mentioned that it has to be  done locally, and there is a lot of emphasis on where these dollars are  going.   Some of them are going, of course, to the CDC, the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention, for prevention issues, which is  critical, while $50 million is going to our community health centers.  In States such as Alaska, West Virginia, and Missouri, community health  centers are seeing hundreds of  [[Page S148]]  thousands--millions--of people every day and many more who are dealing  with mental health and substance abuse. SAMHSA oversees the mental  health grants that go to our States, and there is $15 million for a new  SAMHSA program for opioid prevention. We have our drug-free communities  program, which works well in my State. It is a total grassroots-up,  bottom-up, when you get everybody from your local county or public  health and others in the room to try to solve this issue. Then again,  there are some block grant programs to our community health centers  along with the funding to NIH. This is a broad-based look at where the  funding is going.   We have an opportunity here in the next several weeks to ``up'' that  funding, to make sure that the national priority that we feel, as  Senators from States that are highly affected, is reflected in our  funding. I believe that with Senator Blunt's leadership on the  subcommittee and with other members on the subcommittee, that is  something we are going to be doing.   I happen to chair the Financial Services and General Government  Appropriations Subcommittee, which appropriates the money for the high- intensity drug task forces. Our State has over 22 counties that are in  that. Is that a branding that you really want--that you are a high- intensity drug trafficking area? Not really. What that does is  coordinate Federal, State, and local resources to help meet the  challenge and face what a difficult problem you have. I work with  funding on that, with the drug-free communities, and also with the  President's Office of National Drug Control Policy. We have done a lot,  and we have pushed for resources.   The Senator mentioned resources for our first responders. He  mentioned how dangerous it is. There have been local stories about our  first responders who have just touched fentanyl--just touched it--and  have gone into overdose situations. We were at the White House  yesterday and were talking, and the President mentioned drug-sniffing  dogs that have had reactions to fentanyl. So this is a very lethal  substance. Actually, I saw in the statistics for West Virginia that  more of the recent overdose deaths are attributable to fentanyl than to  heroin itself, and that is rising. We need the money for enforcement,  prevention, treatment and recovery, and more resources for research,  and I have mentioned how critical that research will be.   Nationwide, we had over 63,000 drug overdose deaths in 2016, and a  number of these were attributed to heroin and fentanyl. In my State of  West Virginia, we had the highest deaths per 100,000 for overdoses. I  would like to say it is happening somewhere in which maybe we would  have predicted that it would happen, but it is happening everywhere. It  is happening to the children of friends of mine.   Ryan Brown, a young man in West Virginia, lost his life. He had a  loving home, loving parents, and had been through treatment. He just  couldn't fight it. He went back and injected himself with a lethal  dose. He died in a very public place too. It was very tragic. To his  credit, his parents have taken up the mantle for Ryan to try to get  more treatment centers in the State of West Virginia. I thank them for  that.   We were just at the White House--Republicans and Democrats--for the  President to sign the INTERDICT Act. I sponsored that bill with Senator  Rubio, Senator Markey, and Senator Brown. What it does is help give our  Customs and Border Patrol folks the ability to detect fentanyl when it  is coming in. We know it is coming in from across our borders,  principally from China, maybe China through Mexico. We need to equip  our Border Patrol agents to be able to stop that--interdict the flow of  that lethal substance.   Just this week, The Hill newspaper published an op-ed about the  Martinsburg Initiative. Martinsburg is in West Virginia, in the Eastern  Panhandle. Everybody needs to visit Martinsburg. They have an  innovative police-school-community partnership that is spearheaded by  the Martinsburg Police Department, the Berkeley County Schools, and  Shepherd University, along with the Washington/Baltimore HIDTA. This is  a comprehensive strategy of intervention and treatment for families to  help prevent the beginning of the addiction to opioids.   In December, I attended the kickoff of the Bridge of Hope Fund, and I  want to highlight what some of the local communities are doing in my  State to try to get a comprehensive spectrum of solutions. This is a  new scholarship program that was developed by Fruth Pharmacy, which is  a locally-owned, family-owned pharmacy, that will allow people who have  completed addiction recovery programs to get a jump-start on their  college educations and career training.   The founders of the program started it because they wanted to  encourage people who have reclaimed their lives and been successful to  be able to get back into the mainstream. We know one of the roadblocks  to recovery is getting back into the work environment--to be able to  get a job. Many of these young folks who are in this position have  already burned through their education grants and their availability of  Pell grants. So this Bridge of Hope scholarship is an organic, from- the-ground-up scholarship program for those who have been through  treatment.   We had a young man who talked about his road to recovery and how  important getting his education and getting back on his feet was. We  need more everywhere. I think that is essential to all of us. We have  to prioritize our Federal funding for States like mine that have been  the hardest hit by the opioid epidemic.   I see my colleague from New Hampshire here. Both of us have joined  together on the Targeted Opioid Formula Act so that those of us who  have high statistics and greater need are able to have those funds more  squarely targeted toward us for prevention and treatment.   There are a lot of good ideas out there. There are a lot of things  going on, but there is a lot of tragedy around all of us. I would say  to the folks in the gallery and certainly to everybody on the floor  that you probably know a family or you probably know a community or you  probably know somebody who has been hard hit by this. It is absolutely  crushingly sad, heartbreaking, because it is preventable. It is  something on which we can have an impact. If we don't, we are going to  lose another generation.   I have great fears that we are going to look back on this moment in  time and think we didn't do enough. So I think, with Senator Blunt's  help and the help of others, particularly with Senator Blunt's chairing  the Appropriations Committee, this is the direction in which we need to  go. We need to have more targeted funding so those local resources can  be creative in order to stop the scourge, to handle the scourge, and to  educate the next generation as to how devastating this could be if one  were to ever begin to go down this road.   Thank you, Mr. President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.   