 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Hawaii  for sharing her personal experience of how that felt because that is so  important for us to hear. I thank the Senator from Oregon and all the  Senators who are out here tonight to speak on this.   I may be only one person, but today I bring to the floor of the  Senate the outrage, the pain, and the frustration of millions of people  in my home State of Washington and across the country who see what  President Trump has been doing on our southern border, who have been  watching the pain this forced family separation has caused so many  innocent children, who have begged the President to pick up the phone,  sign a piece of paper, do whatever it takes to make it stop, who have  refused to be silenced as President Trump carries out his hateful and  divisive attacks on immigrants, and who heard a recording with  desperate cries of children calling for their parents. When I heard  that, my heart stopped. Like every mom, like every human being, I just  wanted to reach out and comfort that child. I could only think of how  his mother felt because I assure you, whether she was in that room, a  room 100 miles away, or a room 3,000 miles away, like every mom, she  heard her child's cry, too, and her heart was broken.   While today we saw President Trump change his story about whether he  did, in fact, have the ability to make it stop, there are a lot of  questions that remain--questions that actually I and others have been  asking the Trump administration for weeks that have gone unanswered,  like exactly how these parents are being informed about their  children's safety. Where are they? Where are they being located? When  will they be reunited? Those are just a few. There are more.   President Trump says the Executive order stops the separation. Does  that mean starting today? Next month? When? What about the thousands of  children who have been removed? Will they ever see their parents again?  When? Where? How?   I have not gotten answers from the Secretary of Health, Alex Azar,  whose Department should be focused on families' health and well-being  but has instead spent that time complicit in a policy of separating  families and traumatizing parents and children alike.   Even experts, such as the president of the American Academy of  Pediatrics, said that the practice of intentionally inflicting trauma  on young children is child abuse.   While it is a good thing that President Trump dialed back his  systematic child abuse, it is not enough. We are not going to say  everything is OK now. We are not going to stay quiet because while we  are still digging into this new Executive order, here is what we do  know right now: If this is implemented, there will continue to be zero  tolerance for all asylum seekers, including domestic violence  survivors. It is a system of locking up children by the thousands, all  carried out in our great country's name.    I just read the story of a woman named Blanca who left El Salvador  after she received threats on her 8-year-old son's life. She took those  threats seriously, she said. Why? Because another family member had  already been kidnapped. And as Blanca said, when the extortionists  don't get their money, they kill people.   So Blanca left everything behind to seek safety for her son. Two  months ago she arrived at the U.S. border to seek asylum. Blanca said  that was the last time she saw or talked to her son, Abel, whose last  words to her were ``Mom, don't leave me.''   That is the last thing she heard.   Blanca now sits in a Federal detention center at SeaTac in Washington  State where she told her story through tears to an AP reporter. Her  son, she has been told, is in custody in upstate New York. That is  3,000 miles away from her, and she doesn't know when or if she is ever  going to see him again.   Blanca's story is horrifying. It is sad. Unfortunately, it is not  unique. She is one of thousands of parents and children who fled  violence and persecution only to find a new nightmare upon arrival in  the United States of America--a nightmare caused deliberately, for no  good reason, by President Trump, who has chosen to scapegoat asylum  seekers and put their children into detention centers for an  undetermined amount of time.   We are better than this. We must be better than this. Turning  children into bargaining chips or leverage points or deterrents--that  kind of cruelty should not be an option in this great Nation.   In recent days, my office has been flooded with thousands of calls  and emails and letters from moms and dads and grandmothers and  grandfathers--people from all walks of life, from every community I  represent--who are angry at the President's new zero tolerance policy  and who are horrified by these families who are being ripped apart. So  I know I am not alone.   If we can find hope in one thing, it is knowing that all those calls  and emails and letters--all of that outcry--got through to the  President to change course on one of his most heartless policies yet.   But we cannot let up now.   President Trump has claimed for days he needed congressional action  to do anything at all. Today, he proved that to be simply untrue.   So now we know President Trump will bow to stern pressure of a stern  moral movement. Families in Washington State and in every State across  the Nation are continuing to demand action, and I am going to keep  working to make sure their voices are heard for the sake of so many who  seek refuge in our great country and those who believe in the kindness  and respect and compassion that does make this country great.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   