 Mr. Speaker, I will tell you it is an honor to come  to the floor and talk about one of these protected rights: life.   When we talk about our founding documents and life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness, it is life that we are protecting.   I find it unfortunate that we have some who would say this is a  radical talking point. I would offer that the right to life is a  fundamental right, not a talking point.   Now, what brings us to this point in time?   We all remember the stories of Kermit Gosnell, the abortionist, the  house of horrors, and what happened there, where individuals--moms-- lost their lives, where one of the workers in that clinic estimated  that there had been as many as 100 babies through the years that had  survived an abortion and had been killed.   What we are seeking to do is expand these protections. Today, what we  are doing with H.R. 4712 is to build on that legislation from 2002.  This body had passed that legislation to protect infants that were born  alive and had survived abortions.   This bill before us today is going to do four very important things.   First, it requires appropriate care be given to any child who is born  alive following a failed abortion. It requires any health providers  present to administer the same life-preserving care that would be given  to babies born under any other circumstances and to ensure  [[Page H497]]  that the child is transported immediately to a hospital.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Second, the bill establishes criminal penalties that  providers will face if they violate providing that care.   Third, it establishes a civil right of action to enforce the law.   Finally, the bill provides crucial protections that will prevent  mothers of these babies from being subject to criminal prosecution and  penalties.   Mr. Speaker, these are the right steps to protect the most vulnerable  among us. I encourage support for the bill.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my colleague from Wyoming that I will  point out a little statistic that she might be interested in. That is,  I think never in history has the government been shut down when the  same party controls the House, the Senate, and the White House, like  the Republicans do right now. The Republicans have a 23-seat majority,  I think, in the House right now. You control the agenda.   If the gentlewoman or her leadership were interested in working with  Democrats, here is a little advice: maybe you ought to have asked us to  the table. Maybe you should consult with us. Maybe you should ask us  what we think is important. Maybe you ought to understand that if you  want to get something done that is bipartisan, you have to act in a  bipartisan way.   The reason why I am anxious to get this vote on the CR is because I  think the CR that has been proposed is wholly inadequate. It is not in  the best interest of our country.   But I want us to continue to negotiate it. Maybe the Republicans will  come back to the table and negotiate. That is why I feel so strongly  that my Republican friends ought not be going to political rallies in  Pennsylvania today with the President and they ought to be staying here  to do the work to make sure we get a bipartisan agreement to keep the  government open.   I get it. You are losing seats all around the place. The popularity  of the Republican Party has never been lower. You are all panicked. But  the election isn't until March. Donald Trump can take all of you on his  luxurious plane to Pennsylvania at another time. But today, we ought to  be focused on the people's business. Next week, we are supposed to be  off. So you have all the time in the world next week to be able to go  with Donald Trump on a political excursion.   When I think about what is at stake and we are delaying votes on a  continuing resolution and on further negotiations because people are  more interested in the political rally in Pennsylvania, this takes my  breath away.    The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are advised to address their remarks  to the Chair.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Slaughter), the distinguished ranking member of the Rules  Committee.   