 Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the  extraordinary life of my friend, colleague, and role model, Senator  John McCain.   Senator McCain lived a life of superlatives. He was a war hero whose  conduct in the face of unimaginable adversity spoke to the very essence  of who he was as a man. He was a consummate statesman, who spent a  career in public service working to foster consensus on the most  intractable and important problems facing our Nation. He was a  gentleman of the highest caliber, who understood that, although we may  discuss, argue, and disagree, our common bond as Americans is stronger  than the passing tempest of political debate.   The measure of a man like Senator McCain can be seen in the  outpouring of sympathy from friends and colleagues across the political  spectrum. He spoke his mind, and more importantly, he spoke his  conscience. He was never afraid to tell those in power they were wrong  and those suffering injustice that the United States of America would  not abandon them. His commitment to doing what was right transcended  political ideology, and I am confident that future generations will  study his legacy as we have studied the great leaders of the past.   It is not difficult to find examples of Senator McCain's integrity in  a career marked by such moments. I know that I particularly admired his  steadfast courage in opposing and working to eliminate torture by the  United States of America. He, more so than most, knew what that legacy  would mean to our country. He knew that, if we were torturing, our  servicemen and women would be tortured. He was willing to stand up for  what was right and ensured that we would live up to our promise as a  nation. His unwavering voice on the issue served, as it has so many  times, as our national conscience, and we are all better for it.   We had our brawls every once in a while, but it usually ended with a  joke and a laugh and a commitment to work together on the next problem  that our country faced. I will cherish the memories I have of working  with Senator McCain on issues related to eliminating earmarks,  protecting children from human-trafficking, and providing the necessary  resources to the men and women of the Armed Forces whom he loved and  respected dearly.   His wit, intellect, and humor were the hallmark of a man who cannot  be replaced; however, it is my hope that we might use this sad occasion  to unite together around the principles that he stood for. I join my  voice to the thousands that have spoken to his character as a colleague  and as a friend and extend my most heartfelt sympathies to his family.  I will miss him terribly, the Senate will miss him terribly, and our  country will miss him terribly.   