 Mr. President, I wish to thank the Senator from  Connecticut. I, too, join him in being very proud, as we were a year  ago, to see Congress stand with families across the country who did not  want to see their healthcare rolled back.   A year ago, as Senator Murphy said, President Trump tried to make  good on his campaign promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act and to  jeopardize healthcare for millions of people. A year ago, the President  tried to jam TrumpCare through Congress. It was a harmful, mean- spirited bill that would have spiked premiums and gutted Medicaid and  scrapped protections for people with preexisting conditions, which  would put families back at the mercy of big insurance companies.   But people across the country stood up, they spoke out, and they made  it absolutely clear that they did not want President Trump to take away  their healthcare or give power back to those insurance companies.   During that debate, I heard personal stories from patients and  families all over my State of Washington who were concerned about  TrumpCare because it would make it harder to get the care they needed.   I heard stories like Julie's. Julie has a genetic condition. As a  result of that, she has had four--four--different types of cancer. She  has had four different organs removed during treatment. She has had her  diet severely restricted, and her life has dramatically changed. But  she is a fighter. She had excellent care, and she ultimately won each  of those four battles with cancer.   However, without protections for people with preexisting conditions,  her healthcare costs could skyrocket. If President Trump had his way,  Julie could not get the care she needed, and, by the way, she is not  the only one.   I also heard from families like the family of a woman named Vanessa.  When Vanessa was pregnant, she learned that her daughter would be born  with significant health challenges. In fact, her daughter Cheyenne had  her first surgery when she was just 20 days old, and she would have two  more before her very first birthday. Even though Cheyenne was born with  preexisting conditions that would be costly to treat for years to come,  Vanessa, her mom, was able to get insurance through our State exchange  and get her daughter the care she needed. But if President Trump had  his way, that might not be possible.   Last year, in the midst of the TrumpCare debate, I shared Vanessa's  story, Julie's story, and many stories from families in Washington  State, and I heard even more that I would love to share. People from  other States across the country were also reaching out and letting  their Senators know how damaging TrumpCare would be for their  [[Page S5253]]  family and urging them to vote against it. It worked.   Last year we came together and gave President Trump's healthcare  repeal scheme a big thumbs down. Unfortunately, that has not stopped  President Trump from doing everything he can to sabotage families'  healthcare from the Oval Office.   When he couldn't jam through TrumpCare, instead he jammed through a  partisan tax bill that gave cuts to big insurance companies and drug  companies and paid for them with steps that even his former Health and  Human Services Secretary confessed would drive up families' premiums.   He slashed investments that help people understand their healthcare  options and get coverage.   He handed power back to the insurance companies by expanding  loopholes for junk plans and making it easier to ignore patient  protections, including protections, by the way, for women, for seniors,  and for people with preexisting conditions.   The Trump administration is even refusing to defend preexisting  protections in court, both abandoning its duty to defend the law and  ignoring the will of the people across the country who want them to  fight for these protections.   While President Trump has broken a lot of promises, it is clear that  he has never wavered in his promise to undermine healthcare for our  families, and he has never failed to put insurance companies ahead of  patients.   That is why his decision to nominate Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme  Court is such an alarming omen for families' healthcare.   As a candidate, President Trump left no question that he would  nominate far-right Supreme Court Justices who would strike down the  Affordable Care Act and jeopardize care for millions of families. To be  sure that candidates met that extreme ideological standard, he had them  vetted by extreme, ideological conservative groups.   We know that President Trump chose Judge Kavanaugh because he has no  doubt that Kavanaugh will support his efforts to sabotage family  healthcare and make it harder for people to get the care they need.   We know that preexisting condition protections are on the line.   We know that stopping Kavanaugh's confirmation isn't a matter of  partisan politics. For many families in our country, it is a matter of  life and death.   We know we can stop it if people across this country do exactly what  they did to beat TrumpCare--stand up, speak out, and make clear that  families who didn't want their healthcare stripped away last year don't  want it stripped away this year either. I have heard from many families  concerned about this, and I know others are sharing their stories as  well.    So I hope that our Republican colleagues are listening even more  closely than they were last year and that more of them will join us on  the side of patients and families, not the President on the side of  insurance companies.   I yield the floor.   