 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good  friend and colleague from the great State of New York, Yvette Clarke,  for organizing this incredibly important Special Order. Her mother and  I served together on the city council. She was one of my best friends  there, and Yvette is one of my best friends here. I would say that  Yvette and Una really have been major leaders in the immigrant  community, particularly from the Caribbean where her mother was born,  and has been a leader on all forms of social justice to help immigrants  in our country, not just this disaster that we are confronting right  now.   Throughout history, we have been a nation to which the world's  oppressed and vulnerable look to for hope; a beacon of light signaling  a better life. The zero-tolerance policy put forth by the Trump  administration utterly violates that tradition of values in this  country. Families are fleeing unspeakable danger and oppression only to  arrive at our borders and be torn away from each other.  [[Page H5494]]    Yesterday, President Trump signed an executive order that halts  segregated detention for parents and children. But we have to remember  that the President created this crisis and always had the power to  reverse course. Why didn't he do it sooner?   Now the so-called solution seems to be that families will be detained  together, but we don't know for how long and we don't know where.   All today, I have been looking for the girls. Where are the girls? I  found detention centers for boys, I found them for men, and I found  them for babies. I still haven't gotten an answer where the young girls  are. We are left with troubling questions. We don't know where they  are, and we don't know how they are being treated.   How and when will the thousands of children who have already been  separated from their parents be reunited? Now I read that some parents  have been sent back--deported--and their children are still here. How  are we going to unite those families and bring them together?   Last weekend, I joined members of the New York delegation and the New  Jersey delegation, and we went to a detention center in Elizabeth, New  Jersey. We had letters that said we could see the people who had been  detained. It was signed by their lawyers and it was signed by the men.  We went on Father's Day to meet with the fathers.   First, they wouldn't let us in. They put papers on the wall in the  windows so we couldn't look in. Then finally, we demanded and demanded,  and they finally opened the doors and let us meet with five of the  detainees. Four of them came to this country legally. They came seeking  refuge, they came seeking asylum, and they went through the proper  orders and the proper procedures. One did not. Because there was  violence at the border, he came another way, and then turned themselves  in to the authorities.   Their stories were heartbreaking. Two of them broke down and  literally cried. One father told a story that in his business, they  were fishermen, his partner had been murdered. They were asking for  them to pay them money, the gangs down in those areas. So the gang  members went to the school looking for his daughter. He heard about it.  She was going in the afternoon. He immediately took his daughter and  fled and came to America.   When he came to the border, they were then moved into a detention  center. The authorities came to him at 3:00 in the morning and tore his  daughter out of his arms. He did not know where she was, and he did not  know how to contact her. When we talked to the warden, we asked the  warden in Elizabeth, New Jersey, at this detention center, where his  daughter was, and he didn't know. Then he said he would try to find his  daughter.   Well, when I arrived today, I checked with my New Jersey colleagues.  They had been in touch with the detention center and with the warden.  They still had not found his daughter. This is disastrous. This is  cruel. This is dangerous. We don't know where this particular child is,  and we don't know where the thousands of others are. We don't know what  kind of conditions these families are being held in, and we don't know  how long they are being held. We need to know these answers, and we  have to hold this administration accountable for completely ending this  family separation policy that they initiated.   Now, between May 5 and June 9, just 35 days, over 2,300 children have  been separated from their parents at the southern border. Now, this, I  think, is the worst action in our country regarding immigrants in the  history of a country. And the other worst one is when we interned  Japanese citizens that had fled and come to America. We interned them  during World War II.   But here we have over 2,000 children separated from their parents.  That is 60 children per day for the past 35 days, who go to sleep at  night not knowing when they will see their mothers or fathers again.  Experts tell us that this is child abuse, and at the hands of our own  government.   This cannot be who we are as Americans. It is why I joined Ranking  Member Cummings and every Democrat on the Oversight and Government  Reform Committee to demand a hearing on this reckless policy. We kept  asking, and the Republican majority never granted it.   So, today, the Women's Caucus held our own shadow hearing, where we  heard from experts about health, about law, about humanity, and what we  should be doing as a nation to help these children, not hurt them.   I have signed on to Representative DeLauro's resolution condemning  this horrific behavior as the child abuse that it is, and why I am an  original cosponsor of the Keep Families Together Act, introduced by my  colleague and friend, Jerry Nadler, which bans the separation of  migrant children from their families. These children, these families,  and this country deserve so much better. We will not stop fighting  until families are made whole again.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague for her hard work on  this issue, and so many others, that are important to our city of New  York, our State, and our Nation.   