 Madam President, eight Americans die of a drug  overdose every hour.   In 2016, more Americans died from drug overdoses than during the  entire Vietnam war.   The 2017 figures are even worse. Preliminary estimates from the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention indicate that over 71,000  individuals lost their lives to drugs. More than 5,000 of those  individuals were Californians. Addiction has never had such a profound  impact on our country.   On October 26, 2017, the Trump administration declared the opioid  epidemic a public health emergency. However, this has done little to  stem the tide of overdose deaths or to effect this public health crisis  that has a stronghold on our communities.   Our government can and must do more. It is not enough to declare the  obvious, that this epidemic is an emergency.   As with any emergency, triage must begin immediately. That means  swiftly executing and implementing whole-of-government strategy to end  the devastation. That also means rapidly infusing funds to support this  strategy and prevent more deaths.   The Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018 does just this. It provides a  roadmap for action and authorizes the necessary funds to allow the  government to better triage care for those in need while simultaneously  providing resources necessary to keep these drugs off the street.   This legislation recognizes that there is no one size fits all  approach when it comes to effectively addressing addiction. That is why  it consolidates bills that span five committees, including six from the  Judiciary Committee.   The bipartisan Opioid Crisis Response Act establishes a number of new  drug prevention and treatment programs. It also extends other critical  agencies and programs, including the Office of National Drug Control  Policy and the Drug-Free Communities, the High Intensity Drug  Trafficking Areas, and drug court programs.   Moreover, the bill provides the Justice Department with new legal  authority to hold opioid manufacturers and distributors accountable if  they fail to identify, report, and stop suspicious orders of opioids.   The bill also preserves legitimate access to pain medications, while  allowing the Drug Enforcement Administration to consider, for the first  time, factors like drug abuse and overdose deaths when setting annual  production quotas for certain opioids.   The Opioid Crisis Response Act effectively balances prevention,  treatment, recovery, and law enforcement.   This legislation bolsters the efforts of our public health experts,  gives law enforcement and first responders the authority and resources  they need to combat illicit narcotics, and will help spur the  development of alternative therapies and drugs to help decrease our  nation's reliance on opioids.   The fact that this bill includes proposals that were sponsored or  cosponsored by more than half of the members of this body illustrates  that virtually no State, no community, and no family is left untouched  by addiction. It is also indicative of the fact that we must act, and  we must act urgently.   We must treat this public health crisis like the emergency that it  is. We must stop the devastation.  [[Page S6175]]    I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle to see that this important piece of legislation, which is  supported by more than 200 organizations nationwide, is enacted into  law.   Thank you.    Madam President, as the Senate debates the Patient  Right to Know Drug Prices Act, S. 2554, I rise to offer my views on the  need for transparency in drug prices and to offer my strong endorsement  of this bill. This legislation that we are voting on today represents a  serious, bipartisan effort to lift barriers that prevent pharmacists  from informing consumers about how much prescription drugs cost. I am  proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation.   Every day, Americans buy prescription drugs without a true idea of  how much those drugs cost. Pharmacists should be able to tell you if  there is a cheaper way to buy prescription drugs, and yet they are  unable to do so. Due to so-called gag orders, pharmacists can be  prevented from providing this information proactively to patients. With  prescription drug costs rising, Americans should have access to  transparent pricing information, especially when it can lower their  costs.   Today, the Senate takes a significant step toward improving drug  price transparency. With the passage of the Patient Right to Know Drug  Prices Act, S. 2554, pharmacists would be able to fully inform patients  of the cost of the medications they are purchasing. It is ridiculous  for a patient to not be told that their copay is actually more than the  full cost of the medicine they need. By banning gag clauses, this bill  ensures that customers have a right to know the lowest possible price  available for a drug at the pharmacy. This is an important first step  in advancing drug cost transparency.   In addition to price transparency, the actual cost of medicine  continues to be a major issue. Pharmaceutical companies often price  drugs as high as they believe the market will allow and have no other  constraints on how much they charge. We see this happening not only in  branded drugs but in price spikes among generics as well. For example,  the recent announcement that major hospital systems and philanthropy  organizations have banded together to create their own nonprofit  generic drug manufacturing company, Civica Rx, shows just how  concerning the problem of reasonably priced drugs, as well as drug  shortages, has become. I'll watch with great interest as this endeavor  moves forward to produce 14 common drugs used by hospitals--with the  first due out next year.   The bill we are voting on today solves just one piece of a very large  puzzle, and we must do more. In this distinguished body, we should  advance legislation that would direct the Secretary of Health and Human  Services to negotiate drug prices in Medicare. I am a cosponsor of the  Choose Medicare Act, which includes this provision. We should also move  legislation that provides real financial protection for consumers and  limits their monthly copays for prescriptions. I am a cosponsor of the  Consumer Health Insurance Protection Act, which includes a copay cap of  $250 per month on prescription drugs.   Let's dig in to the real cost of prescription drugs and look for  creative solutions that support innovation but ensure that lifesaving  drugs can reach patients. A cure doesn't matter if it costs too much to  reach those who need it.   The problem of prescription drug costs is real, and it impacts  American families across our country. This problem forces seniors to  choose between food and medicine. This problem prevents families from  being able to care for their loved ones due to the high cost of  expensive drugs. In fact, according to a report by the Kaiser Family  Foundation, 24 percent of people reported that they or a member of  their family either did not fill a prescription, skipped doses, or cut  pills in half due to the cost of the drug. And 44 percent of those  surveyed said they worried about not being able to afford the  medications they needed. This is  [[Page S6176]]  wrong, and it must be fixed. Today, we start to right that wrong by  voting to pass the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act. But more is  expected and more must be done. Let's build on the bipartisan work that  helped us pass the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act tonight and  make a real difference for American families.   