 Mr. President, I rise to urge my colleagues to join  me in voting for a bipartisan amendment, No. 2294, the Military Justice  Improvement Act. It will fix our broken military justice system.   I believe our servicemembers deserve a military justice system that  is worthy of their sacrifice. That means one that is both professional  and fair. I think every one of my colleagues in this Chamber agrees  that this is a priority, no matter where you are from and no matter  your background. Some of my newer colleagues may be less familiar with  this issue. So I am going to tell them what I am talking about.   We all deeply revere our servicemembers, which means it is not easy  to talk about problems within an institution that we treasure so  greatly in this country. The fact is that the military has a problem  with sexual assault. It is pervasive, it is destroying lives, and it  has been going on for years.   Listen to these most disturbing numbers.   Since we first introduced this bill 5 years ago, the number of cases  that commanders have moved forward has decreased despite an increased  number of reports. In fiscal year 2013, 484 cases proceeded to trial,  and in fiscal year 2017, only 406 cases proceeded to trial. It is  estimated that there were close to 15,000 cases of military sexual  assault in 2016. That doesn't even include spouses and civilians in  that estimate. It is just an estimate of servicemembers. In a survey of  Afghanistan and Iraq veterans--and supported by the Department of  Defense's own data--7 out of 10 military sexual assault survivors said  they had experienced retaliation or other negative behaviors because  they had reported the crimes, and 14 percent of survivors declined even  to participate in the justice process after their reporting. That is  how little confidence they have in this current system.   This is after years of our committee's working with the Defense  Department to fix this problem. I think we have passed every small- ball, incremental reform anybody has been willing to agree on, and it  hasn't made a difference. This is even after every Secretary of Defense  since Dick Cheney was Secretary of Defense has said there will be zero  tolerance for sexual assault in the military. Almost nothing has  changed. Listen to these stories.   In one case, a woman was raped by a servicemember. She went to the  hospital. She told a friend. An investigation then started. During the  investigation, two more victims came forward to tell their stories.  They said they had been raped by the very same servicemember. The  military investigative team--the military police--recommended that the  case proceed to a court-martial, but because of the way our military  justice system works today, a military commander was in charge of the  case, not a trained military prosecutor. That commander chose just to  discharge the perpetrator--to send him right into the civilian world  with no trial, with no court-martial, with no record. Not only were  those servicemembers who were violently assaulted denied justice, but  [[Page S3745]]  a serial predator was also released into the general public. That is  not right.   Listen to another case of a former marine who was working as an Air  Force civilian. She was from a military family with Army and Navy  veterans. She was proud to serve and loved to support the camaraderie,  but she was abused by her own immediate commander, who had direct power  over her in the chain of command. She tried to seek justice, but, once  again, a military commander was in charge of the case, not a trained  military prosecutor who understands these kinds of cases and  understands criminal justice. Despite overwhelming evidence, including  text messages, physical evidence, and eyewitnesses, the perpetrator was  allowed to retire without bearing any financial penalty, without there  being any charges, and with a full military pension.   My office hears all the time from women and men who have been raped  in the military, who have been abused, who have been stalked, who have  been retaliated against. It is an epidemic, and it is not improving.   Listen to the most recent headline from USA Today: ``Marine Corps  general fired for calling sexual harassment claims `fake news.' ''   The Navy Times reads: ``Officer accused of patronizing prostitutes  worked in the sex assault prevention office while awaiting court- martial.''   The Stars and Stripes reads: ``Fort Benning drill sergeants suspended  amid sexual assault allegations.''   USA Today reads: ``Bad Santa: Navy's top admiral kept spokesman after  boozy party, sexual predator warning.''   Another from the same paper reads: ``Senior military officials  sanctioned for more than 500 cases of serious misconduct.''   The AP reads: ``Pentagon misled lawmakers on military sexual assault  cases.''   These are just the recent headlines. There is a pattern here.   Our military justice system is broken, and the Pentagon is not being  forthright about this problem. Yet Congress is still hesitating.  Congress is still refusing to put trained military prosecutors in  charge of these cases. This has to end. Congress has to step in. It has  to do its job. Our job is to provide oversight and accountability over  the administration and over the Department of Defense on this very  issue. We have the responsibility to ensure that military justice is  possible for survivors in the military. It shouldn't matter if the  perpetrator has skills that the commander needs. It shouldn't matter if  he happens to be buddies with the commander. What should matter is  whether there is evidence that a serious crime has been committed. That  should be the determining factor of whether these cases go forward to  trial.   We need to pass the Military Justice Improvement Act. This  legislation is as bipartisan as it gets. It is supported by  conservative Republicans and liberal Democrats alike and plenty in  between. It has the support of some of the biggest veterans'  organizations, women's organizations, and legal organizations. There is  good reason for this in that the bipartisan bill we have put together  would ensure that the survivors of these heinous crimes and the alleged  perpetrators of these crimes will all be afforded due process--the due  process they are entitled to under the U.S. Constitution.   The bill in no way exceeds a commander's ability to take action for  military-specific crimes, like when a soldier goes AWOL. What it would  do is to take the prosecutions of sexual assault and other serious  crimes--serious violent felonies--out of the chain of command and put  them in the hands of trained military prosecutors, who actually  understand how to deal with serious crimes. This would allow our  survivors--men and women who sacrifice everything for this country--to  have the basic right to civil liberty and justice.   This bill would also professionalize the military. It would make sure  that all people, every servicemember--men, women, Black, White, gay,  straight--will not be subjected to biased judgments and will actually  have the benefit of having trained prosecutors look at the evidence.  Sadly, according to a report that came out recently, in all four of the  services--Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines--Black servicemembers are more  likely to be court-martialed than are White servicemembers. This is  unacceptable.   This bill would help to alleviate some of the unfairness in the  current system by having trained prosecutors make those judgments based  solely on evidence. Our commanders have a tough enough job in defending  our country. So we should let these trained prosecutors do their jobs  and make the right decisions based on the evidence alone. We can only  make this change if we pass this amendment.   I urge all of my colleagues to look at this bill--to look at it  anew--and to look at the fact that we have not improved our rate of  cases that actually go to court-martial and our rate of convictions,  even though more are reported. It is a huge problem. I promise you.  Every year, we have this excuse: Let the reforms take more time to  work. OK, well, it has been 5 years, and this has had a spotlight on  it. If the commanders cannot put more cases forward for court-martial  and if the cases can't result in more convictions, we are not doing it  right. We are failing the men and women who will die for this country.   I yield the floor.   