 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, many States in which agriculture is important  are also home to Native Americans Tribes. South Dakota, for example,  has nine federally recognized Tribes. Many of these communities are  poor. They lack basic services and have high rates of unemployment.   No one suffers from these conditions more than the youth: the  children, high school students, and hopeful college students who live  there. That is why it is so important to ensure that native youth have  the opportunity to obtain a higher education; to attend college; and  that they are given the tools that they need to succeed.   So my amendment is designed to work in concert with programs that  assist native students, like the Wokini Initiative. It was designed by  my alma mater, South Dakota State University. In the Lakota language,  Wokini means ``new beginnings.'' It is the title of the program that  this amendment establishes. This amendment simply authorizes USDA to  match funds spent by land-grant universities on efforts to help native  students succeed and ultimately graduate.   Madam Chairwoman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this initiative is incredibly important. We  have huge challenges in the Great Plains region. Our Tribes are  stressed and impoverished more than any other Tribes in the Nation.  Many times, those youth struggle with hopelessness, a lack of belief in  a strong future and opportunities that they have.   I want to thank our ranking member for supporting the amendment. It  is incredibly important that we offer opportunities to those Tribal  youth and give them the chance to go on to post secondary education  opportunities.   Mr. Chair, I would like to use the balance of my time that I have  here today to speak about my strong support for this farm bill that we  have on the floor. While not everybody farms, everybody eats. And  whenever I talk about agriculture to other people that don't have it in  their district or in their region, I talk about how this farm bill is a  national security issue.   You see, when we grow our own food in this country, we control our  own future. If we rely on another country to feed us, then they control  us. And as we do business and trade with other countries, we create a  much friendlier environment and neighborhood worldwide because we are  doing business with those countries.   We decided years ago in this country that we wanted to have an  affordable and a safe food supply. And today, we have the safest food  supply in the entire world because this country has a farm bill--a farm  bill that provides safety nets for our farmers and ranchers that are  out there taking highly leveraged risks each and every year to put a  crop in the ground and to harvest that and to feed this country and the  world.   So maintaining control of our food supply--and the world's most  affordable and abundant food supply at that--is essential. Because once  we depend on another Nation to feed us, then they will continue to  control us. So this is about having a safety net and making sure that  every single family in this country has affordable and safe food.   We do this in this bill by maintaining a strong crop insurance  program. We remain committed to strong livestock disaster programs  which were essential in making sure that South Dakota ranchers could  recover from that devastating Winter Storm Atlas that killed tens of  thousands of cattle that we experienced. It helped them rebuild, and it  helped them continue to grow beef in our country.   Commodity programs are improved in this bill as well. I am proud that  the language I drafted was included to make these programs work better  for the future. We also increase investment in farm country. We  dedicate resources for rural broadband development. We do this while  also investing in essential research opportunities, and continue to  drive innovation.   As a lifelong farmer and rancher, I understand the uncertainty our  farmers face every day. In fact, across the country and across my home  State of South Dakota, farm income in the last several years has  dropped over 50 percent. I know how highly leveraged farmers are, and  how important it is that we manage that risk.   We can't control all of the risk factors that these families face.  Hail storms and droughts will strike, but we can make sure that our  policies that we write here today enable them to fulfill our own  nutrition needs while also feeding the world.   So I want to urge my colleagues to support this bill, to support this  amendment, and make sure that we continue to provide the food that  feeds the world.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   