 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 801, which establishes Route  66 as the 20th national historic trail as part of the National Trails  System.   I want to thank my colleague, Representative LaHood, for introducing  the legislation and letting me be a cosponsor. I want to thank Chairman  Bishop and Ranking Member Grijalva for their support in moving this  bill through the committee.   Mr. Speaker, as Mr. LaHood stated, it is an economic boon for the  cities that have Route 66. It runs east and west through my district,  known as Foothill Boulevard and Huntington Drive, in the cities of La  Verne, San Dimas, Azusa, Duarte, and Monrovia. In fact, one of my  cities is already highlighting and doing celebrations of Route 66. At  swap meets, they are already selling Route 66 T-shirts and  paraphernalia.   Our local restaurants, our shops, our businesses, like so many others  dotting the highway from the heartland to the West Coast, provide rest  breaks for travelers, allowing them to sample the local flavors of  communities that are proud to be connected by the iconic road.   H.R. 801 is needed because the current preservation under the Route  66 Corridor Preservation Program is expiring in 2019. So we need to,  under H.R. 801, continue to recognize and promote Route 66 through the  national historic trail designation, which will bring Federal resources  for the rehabilitation and improvement of this Mother Road. It runs  from Chicago all the way to Santa Monica in the State of California.   We have cities that are very excited about being able to celebrate it  in the 100th year. This Federal assistance will be used in coordination  with cities and stakeholders for the preservation of property,  artifacts, memorabilia, and other historical items.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 801, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, yes, I do. Not only that, but I  remember the song that included Route 66. He will remember that, if he  is young enough.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3997 waives the special use permit application fees  for veterans' demonstrations and special events at national war  memorials.   I agree with my colleague. It is time that we recognize that our  veterans deserve to be able to use this holy land for special events at  national war memorials. This is a commonsense bill that will make it  easier for veterans' groups to organize events at national memorials  and other public lands.   I thank Mr. Bishop from the majority for helping us work to ensure  that the bill covers Gold Star families. I thank him very much for  that.   I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume  to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. Gabbard).    Mr. Speaker, we have no more speakers, but may I add  that I agree with what Ms. Gabbard said. It is unnecessary to bill any  kind of fee to our veterans or the organizations that honor them.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   