 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 1635, the  Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. This  amendment would ensure that student borrowers who are considering  whether to  [[Page H7857]]  transfer to another academic institution are provided with the guidance  necessary to make fully informed decisions related to their student  loan debt and academic credit transfers.   Currently, students who take out Federal loans to finance their  education are limited to borrowing up to a certain aggregate amount,  with the precise amount depending on the type of loan they have, their  financial status, and whether they are enrolled in an undergraduate or  graduate program.   My amendment would ensure that a student borrower who wishes to  transfer to another institution is provided with a clear and concise  explanation that the loans he or she has received up to that point will  count towards their aggregate loan limit, regardless of whether all the  course credits they have completed are accepted by the school they seek  to transfer to. Students will benefit from learning this important  information because it will help them more effectively plan their  educational and financial futures. Students who know the facts before  they transfer will be in a better position to decide whether  transferring is, in fact, the right decision for them.   Those students who do decide to transfer will be more likely to  carefully research all their transfer options, and they will likely  give preference to those schools that will accept the credits they  earned at their current school and that otherwise provide students with  a smooth and seamless transition process. Fewer students will be in the  position of having transferred only to find out that very few of the  credits they worked so hard to earn and had paid for will actually  count towards their degree.   I believe my amendment will be particularly helpful to students who  are enrolled in community or State colleges and are seeking to transfer  to a 4-year program. Many students who live in my central Florida  district are in precisely this position.   Notably, the University of Central Florida, which I am proud to  represent, has established a strong transfer program in partnership  with six State and community colleges throughout Florida, including  Valencia College and Seminole State College in my district.   The program is called DirectConnect to UCF. In general, it guarantees  students admission to UCF if they have earned an associate degree from  a partner college, and the credits earned by the student at the partner  college typically transfer. This is exactly the sort of transfer  program that my amendment will encourage students to utilize.   Collectively, Americans owe a crushing $1.4 trillion in student debt.  As someone who is still paying off her own student loans, I know there  is far more we can and should do to ensure that students are not  saddled with excessive debt and are prepared to succeed after  graduation.   Nevertheless, I am encouraged that we are taking a step in the right  direction today by considering this important legislation. By  increasing transparency in the student loan process as it relates to  credit transfers, we will provide our students with the information  they need to make the best educational and financial decisions for  themselves.   I thank the Rules Committee for allowing the House to consider this  amendment, and I respectfully ask my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to support it.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would just reiterate my hope  that my colleagues will accept this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   