 Mr. Speaker, although I may be the newest member of the  Rules Committee, I know that it is our job to discuss how our  committees come up with their legislation and, by extension, how the  House should consider these bills in a manner that is orderly and  respectful. Unfortunately, we were not given that opportunity  yesterday.   I had questions for the Intelligence Committee chairman--tough  questions, maybe, but fair questions. Questions like: How do we prevent  witnesses from lying in our committees? Questions like: How did the  committee come up with their findings on the Russian meddling that  differ so much from every other intelligence agency?   I had offered an amendment to this bill to give the House the  opportunity to vote on the Senate Intelligence Committee's Russia  findings, and I wanted to ask the chairman if he felt  [[Page H6125]]  that the House was prepared to vote on such an amendment; and, if not,  why not. A tough question, maybe, but a fair question.   However, I never got the opportunity to ask that--any of that.  Instead, I was shouted down by a male colleague from across the dais  and cut off abruptly before I could even finish the first question. It  was incredibly disrespectful and a far cry from the decorum that we  should uphold as members of the powerful Rules Committee and Congress.   Never before had a member of the committee majority or minority been  cut off from active questioning. That is unprecedented. As a fact, I  have observed male colleagues talk to each other and ask each other to  yield time to each other; but you see, as the only female Latina in  that committee, that respect was not extended to me.   I am concerned, Mr. Speaker, what this means for our committee and  this Congress. What is more troubling to me is that this is the second  time a male colleague has yelled at me from the other side of the dais.  This is not to be tolerated--not by me, and not by any Member of  Congress.    Mr. Speaker, if our committee is going to function like  this moving forward, it will be the Rules Committee in name only.  Regular order will be a thing of the past.   Bills are already developed by the majority behind closed doors. The  majority already blocks every single amendment. Now we will not be  allowed to even speak. The majority has already turned this Congress  into the most closed Congress in history. Now they are going to close  off important debates in committee, and that is outrageous.   I take my work on the Rules Committee very seriously. As a matter of  fact, the last time this happened, I sat there, patiently, quietly,  listening to the debate, although I completely disagreed with what my  colleagues were saying. I was respectful to them, and I waited for my  turn to speak.    Mr. Speaker, I hope that we can all continue to uphold  that standard of mutual respect for not just the male members of our  committee, but to extend that respect to the females of that committee.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment to H.R. 6237,  the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal  Years 2018 and 2019.   Mr. Chairman, nearly 1 year and 3 months ago today, the North Korean  regime announced that it had successfully executed an intercontinental  ballistic missile test launch. That announcement raised the real  possibility of a North Korean nuclear attack on American soil.   President Trump, rightly, has spent much of last year seeking a deal  for the  [[Page H6149]]  denuclearization of North Korea. Secretary Pompeo is actively engaged  in finding a solution, and Congress should be providing him with all of  the resources we can to ensure a solution is meaningful and effective.   To prevent advancement of their nuclear weapons program, we need to  obtain specific information regarding North Korean revenue sources;  however, the U.S. Government does not have a sufficient understanding  of this critical question. That is why I have offered this amendment,  which is modeled after my North Korea Follow the Money Act.   This amendment directs the Director of National Intelligence to  produce a National Intelligence Estimate of the revenue sources of  North Korea. Any effective agreement between the U.S. and North Korea  must consider all of the sources of funding, both legitimate and  illegitimate, that have enabled this North Korean regime.   I am proud to offer this bipartisan amendment with Representative  Wagner, who has been a longtime partner of mine on this legislation,  and I also appreciate Chairman Nunes and his staff and Ranking Member  Schiff and his staff for working with me on this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I am hopeful that we can continue to work together for the  security of our Nation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment. Until we know where the North Korean regime gets its money,  we won't know how much money they have to spend.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' and equip Secretary  Pompeo with the tools that he needs to act in the best interests of our  national security, and I yield back the balance of my time.   