 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for leading  us in this Special Order hour on such an important topic.   It is safe to say that we are past the point of enough is enough  because, apparently, enough is not enough.   Every time we face down another mass shooting, we have another moment  of silence.   The United States has more gun deaths than any other developed  nation, and it has far higher levels of gun ownership than any other  country in the world. The U.S. has nearly six times the gun homicide  rate of Canada, more than seven times that of Sweden, and nearly 16  times that of Germany, according to United Nations data.   Mass shootings constituted less than 2 percent of gun deaths in 2013.  However, the U.S. makes up less than 5 percent of the world's  population, but holds 31 percent of global mass shooters. We can go on  and on and on and on and on with statistics.   We know what researchers have found. Researchers have found that when  there is commonsense gun safety legislation, the number of deaths  associated with guns decreases. We know that there was a 2016 review of  130 studies in 10 countries, published by Epidemiologic Reviews, which  found that new legal restrictions on owning and purchasing guns tended  to be followed by a drop in gun violence, a strong indicator that  restricting access to firearms can save lives.   Since 2012, there have been 46 moments of silence on the floor of the  House of Representatives addressing the tragic deaths in mass  shootings.   And what have we done?   We get up for 46 moments of silence and we do nothing.   I have but a few comments left, and I would like to direct those  comments to the chair behind the microphone because the person that  holds that chair holds all of the power in determining what our agenda  will be in this House.   The person who sits in that chair makes a determination whether or  not we value those innocent lives we are losing every single solitary  day because people who shouldn't have guns have access to guns, or  whether or not we should just have one more moment of silence. And it  is the person who sits  [[Page H4279]]  in that chair that is the biggest problem between doing what makes  sense, what people expect from us, what we need to be doing, and doing  nothing.   I am the grandmother of a 5-year-old child. She will be going to  public school for the first time in her life. When her father went to  school, they had fire drills. When she goes to school, she will be  having active shooter drills.   Do you have any idea what that means to a next generation; what that  will do to their mind, their personal sense of security?   They won't even want to go to school because they will be afraid that  they will not be protected.   The person sitting in that chair right now can give us an opportunity  to respond to the majority of the people in this country and bring  before this House commonsense gun safety legislation. There are  hundreds of bills in the hopper, languishing to be brought up.   We don't have the courage. No, not we. I have the courage. My  colleagues, in my caucus, have the courage.   The person who sits in that chair represents the majority of the  Members in Congress, and they have demonstrated that they lack the  courage, the will, or the desire.   But do you know what?   The next child who experiences death at the hands of someone who  shouldn't have a gun could very easily be one of their children. We  better get sensible about what we are doing. Screw the NRA. They are  screwing us.   