 Madam President, I come to the floor to make amendment  No. 2400 pending, but it is my understanding that we are almost at an  agreement on the hotline.   This bill has cleared committee by voice vote and by my colleagues on  the Republican side by the hotline. However, my minority counterparts  have had months to look at this bill, but it has remained held up on  the hotline. The bill passed the House with unanimous support and has  been included in the House's NDAA bill. I call on my colleagues across  the aisle to clear this bill or else I will fight for a vote on it in  the NDAA.   My legislation, the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act, would  establish a cap on former Presidents' monetary allowances, which are  currently unlimited and fund resources like office space, staff  salaries, cell phone bills, and more. It would then reduce the  allowance, dollar-for-dollar, by each dollar of income a former  President earns in excess of $400,000.   The national debt is over $20 trillion. We cannot afford to  generously subsidize the perks of former Presidents to the tune of  millions of dollars. The reality is that post-Presidential life already  provides fruitful opportunities on its own, with former Presidents  raking in tens of millions of dollars from book deals, speaking  engagements, and more.   Again, I call on my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill, which  would save taxpayer dollars that could be used for more worthwhile  causes, like our military. I also thank the senior Senator from  Missouri for cosponsoring this legislation and making it a bipartisan  bill.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to call up my amendment today so  we can save money for our Nation and for our military. Certainly, I am  not here to derail the National Defense Authorization Act. I am  thankful that again this year we have a great bipartisan bill, and I am  hopeful my bipartisan amendment can be made pending today.   Amendment No. 2400 is the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act,  and it has cleared committee by voice vote and cleared my colleagues on  the Republican side on the hotline. However, my minority counterparts  have had months to look at this bill now in amendment form, and it  still remains blocked. This bill passed the House with unanimous  support and has been included in the House NDAA bill.   This amendment would establish a cap on former Presidents' monetary  allowances, which are currently unlimited and fund resources like  office space, staff salaries, cell phone bills, and more.   Under this amendment, former Presidents would receive a $200,000  annual pension and an allowance capped at $500,000--a total of $700,000  in annual benefits. It would then reduce the allowance dollar for  dollar by each dollar of income a former President earns in excess of  $400,000.   The national debt is over $20 trillion. We cannot afford to  generously subsidize the perks of former Presidents to the tune of  millions of dollars.   With that, Mr. President, I would like to make my amendment pending.  I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up amendment No.  2400 to amendment No. 2282.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I do think  that is a timely request. Thankfully, the farm bill is being marked up  tomorrow in the Agriculture Committee, and I do think that is the  appropriate venue to discuss the caps on subsidies for crop insurance.  I would agree that is probably a wise thing to take a look at.   However, what we are dealing with right now is the fact that we do  have former Presidents who are receiving substantial perks from our  American taxpayers. So I am disappointed that my colleagues across the  aisle continue to block this bipartisan amendment designed to save  millions of dollars.   Do my colleagues across the aisle think former Presidents should  continue to receive unlimited, taxpayer-funded allowances as they make  millions and millions of dollars per year from book deals and speaking  engagements? It is not uncommon for a former President to command  $400,000 per hour-long speech. The average household income in Iowa is  about $55,000. That means that in about 8\1/2\ minutes, that former  President is making what an Iowa family makes in a year.    I wish my colleagues across the aisle would reconsider.   I formally object to the modification.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   