 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3021, America's  Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. Every Member in this House should be  able to support it. It is how Congress should work, and it is what the  American people expect.   Overall, the bill would authorize $6.1 billion in Federal funds for  the Army Corps of Engineers to carry out new and existing projects  critical to our Nation's economy, environment, public health, and  safety, including the Great Lakes region.   This legislation also includes the Drinking Water Systems Improvement  Act, which the Energy and Commerce Committee approved last year, in  bipartisan fashion. These provisions will improve drinking water  systems and authorize $4.4 billion for the State Drinking Water  Revolving Loan Fund Program, which will provide much-needed Federal  financing for States and utilities to strengthen drinking water  infrastructure.   Everybody remembers Flint. Now we have PFAS. It is important that  every American be able to trust the water they are drinking. This is  why I am proud that this bill includes important provisions from  legislation I introduced that would increase drinking water  notifications and make consumer confidence reports on drinking water  easier for every American to understand. It is an essential part of our  response to drinking water crises in this country.   We have a crisis of confidence in our systems, and consumers deserve  clear and immediate notifications and transparency when it comes to the  quality of the water they are drinking. By requiring large water  systems to provide consumer confidence reports biannually, the American  people will have more frequent reports on water quality, which will  help identify and mitigate risks sooner.    With 90 percent of Americans receiving their drinking water from a  public drinking water system, it is our collective responsibility to  provide strong funding authorizations for modernizing drinking water  systems, and we must continue to find effective ways to keep the public  informed.   