 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  4979, which extends the Generalized System of Preferences--or GSP-- program through 2020.   GSP helps American manufacturers, both big and small, cut input  costs, which, in turn, lowers prices for consumers. Companies saved  $865 million in import duties in 2017 alone.   I thank the chairman, in particular, for including my bipartisan  bill, H.R. 4068, the Competitive Need Limitation Modernization Act,  which I introduced with my friends, the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms.  Titus) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Ross).   My bill makes two small but important technical fixes to the  competitive need limitation--or CNL--process. CNLs are exemptions  granted by the government on products that exceed the dollar or  percentage thresholds for GSP eligibility. They can be granted for a  number of reasons, including national security, no domestic production,  or low import levels.   Manufacturers in my district reached out to my office when they were  denied a CNL on a type of wood not found in the U.S. But because of a  government spreadsheet that stated there was a domestic product that  was like or directly competitive as of January 1, 1995, they were  denied. There was no information beyond that, just that date and that  spreadsheet. The manufacturers even had sworn affidavits from producers  in the industry saying there was actually nothing like or  directly competitive to this wood in the U.S., but it didn't matter.    This arbitrary and inflexible date forces manufacturers like the ones  in my district to pay millions in unnecessary duties, hurting American  workers and consumers. And it hurts domestic producers that have  brought jobs back to the U.S. since 1995 because that date is all that  matters in a CNL application.   My bill changes that date to the last three calendar years to better  reflect current domestic production. It also better synchronizes CNL  application dates and the date that full-year trade data is released to  provide more certainty.   I am glad we are taking this step to reauthorize GSP and to ensure  that it is working the way Congress intended. I urge my colleagues to  vote ``yes.''   