 Mr. Speaker, it is so interesting to listen to this  debate. I just want to make three points.   First, on the military funding, I represent Fort Campbell. When you  walk on that post and talk to the men and women in uniform and talk to  them about their readiness training, their redeployment training, do  you know what they tell us?   They say: Give us certainty in funding.   That is exactly what we are doing, is providing that certainty that  they need to defend us, to protect us. They deserve it and they deserve  our best efforts. So I find it so curious that there would be  opposition to funding our military.   The second point is the community health centers. Many of my  colleagues may come from urban areas. I have a rural district.  Community health centers are vitally important to my constituents, to  Tennesseans who want the access to care and seek the education to know  how to take better care of themselves and their families. Let's give  them this funding for the 2 years of certainty that is necessary.   Third, legislation that I have authored and worked on is included in  the Medicare therapy cap provisions.   Have you ever talked to a senior, as I have, who had a stroke, who is  seeking speech therapy or physical therapy from a hip replacement or a  fall?   There is an arbitrary cap that runs out and they can no longer seek  that medical attention that is necessary for a full and complete  recovery and the quality of life that they desire and that they  deserve. This is something that our committee has worked on to provide  for seniors.    This is something that allows them to have that  quality of life.   Why would you vote against lifting these caps and giving seniors what  they deserve?    They have paid for Medicare through their working life. What they are  seeking is to be able to have a full recovery. It is not only the  appropriate thing to do, this is something that adds to the quality of  life, just as keeping these community health centers funded enriches  our communities. It enriches rural America.   I close with reiterating the point that, out of fairness, out of  respect, out of loyalty to those who put on the uniform to defend us,  let us join together and vote to fund the military and to support their  efforts to defend this Nation.   