 Mr. President, I thank my colleague Senator Blunt and  echo his comments this morning. I come to the floor to urge our  colleagues to support this conference report.   I do thank Chairman Shelby, Vice Chairman Leahy, Chairman  Frelinghuysen, and Ranking Member Lowey, as well as Leaders McConnell  and Schumer. Because of their hard work and leadership, we have been  able to work together across the aisle and pass bills under regular  order in a way that we have been unable to do for many years.   I also want to again thank my partners on the LHHS part of this  bill--Senator Blunt, Representative Cole, and Representative DeLauro-- and I want to recognize the effort of the staffs on both sides of the  aisle who worked extremely hard over the summer. Thank you to all who  have brought us this far.   I am very proud that we were able to negotiate and pass our bill  through our  [[Page S6203]]  committees and the Senate floor of Congress--something that has not  been done here on the Senate side for over a decade--and that we were  able to work together to get this conference report done. I believe  this was possible because we rejected partisanship and poison pill  riders and worked together to make strong investments in families,  patients, students, children, workers, and our middle class.   Our bill builds on the strong work we have done to increase access to  child care and early learning. It includes targeted funding to address  the opioid epidemic, especially in underserved areas, and significant  new resources to address the truly alarming issue of maternal  mortality. Senator Blunt just went through much of what is in this  bill, so I will not repeat that but will just echo that we have done  much in this bill for a lot of our families. I am proud of the work we  have been able to do.   I do want to note, I was disappointed that we were unable to include  language clarifying that the Department of Education can't allow title  IV funding to be used to arm teachers and put more guns into our  schools. I believe Congress was clear when we passed the bipartisan  Every Student Succeeds Act; that is not what the funds are intended  for. I was heartened to hear many Republicans on our committee agree. I  had hoped we could clarify this further for Secretary DeVos in our  bill, and I do want Senators to know that I will keep working with  Democrats and Republicans to keep the pressure on her to do the right  thing.   The conference report we will be voting on today is a product of hard  work and a commitment to bipartisanship. I am really glad we are taking  this next step and moving it closer to becoming law.   Again, I thank Chairman Shelby, Senator Durbin, Representative  Granger, and Representative Visclosky for their work and leadership on  the defense side of this bill. I encourage all of our colleagues to  vote in support of this conference report.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   