 Mr. President, I rise to strongly oppose the  nomination of Thomas Farr to the Federal bench, and I urge my  colleagues to join me in voting against him.  [[Page S7127]]    The right to vote is sacred and a precious human right, but it has  been under attack, and that is unconscionable and wrong.   This nominee represents yet another threat to the basic premise of  one person, one vote because, throughout his career, he has worked to  make it harder for Black Americans to vote. That is not who we are as a  country, and this nominee does not deserve the privilege of a lifetime  appointment on the Federal bench.   Over and over again, on the most serious and consequential questions  related to our sacred right to vote, Mr. Farr has been on the wrong  side of the issue.   Listen to his record: Mr. Farr defended in court a gerrymandered  congressional map that was so blatantly racist that our Federal Court  of Appeals judge ordered it to be redrawn. Mr. Farr defended in court  State laws that were so obviously designed to suppress the Black vote  that a Federal Court of Appeals ordered them to be struck down. He  wasn't just a cheerleader for these discriminatory laws; he was the  actual architect. He was their defender in court. He did everything he  could to keep them in place.   That is why millions of Americans all over the country, including so  many men and women of color, the NAACP, and the Congressional Black  Caucus, are so outraged by this nomination. They are right to be so  because this nomination is an insult.   This seat is the longest judicial vacancy in the country, but it did  not have to be that way. Just a few years ago, a highly qualified  nominee was picked to fill the seat, but she didn't even have a  hearing, let alone a vote. So then another highly qualified nominee was  picked to fill the seat, and she didn't receive a hearing either--or a  basic vote. Now we have another nominee for the same exact seat, but  this time my colleagues are practically tripping over themselves to  rush him through the Senate at full speed, to push him across the  finish line before the end of the year, and to hand him a lifetime  appointment to the Court.   I urge my colleagues to reject this bad choice. Let's find someone  better, who isn't so obviously biased on questions related to race. If  his record of discrimination and bias alone isn't enough to convince  you, then think about this: We cannot ignore the fact that this  nomination is coming at a moment when so many Black Americans are still  experiencing blatant and racist disenfranchisement every time they try  to exercise their constitutional right to vote. Just look at the voter  suppression that happened in Florida and in Georgia this month in their  elections for Governor.   We have already seen terrible decisions from the Federal bench that  have rolled back voting rights, such as when the Supreme Court gutted  the Voting Rights Act. This body has done nothing to address this  egregious decision, and we should not be complicit in further eroding  this precious right.   Now we want to confirm another man to the Federal judiciary who has  spent his entire legal career fighting to make it harder for Black  Americans to vote. What kind of awful message are we sending to our  country?   We must reject this nominee. We must stand up to discrimination and  racism in all its forms, not reinforce them, not encourage them.   I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and vote no.   I yield the floor.   