 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Taylor for hosting  this very important, special event tonight.   As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I have heard too  many testimonies after testimonies talking about the dangerously low  level of our military's readiness.   Years of budget cuts, coupled with continuing resolutions, have  prevented and delayed the modernization of our airplanes, ships, and  basic equipment, while at the same time reducing the readiness of our  troops around the globe.   Here is the stunning and sobering reality: Today, we have the  smallest Army since before World War II, the smallest Navy since before  World War I, and the smallest Air Force we have ever had. Only 50  percent of our Nation's fighter and bomber forces are able to fly,  fight, and decisively win a highly contested fight, much like our  forces would encounter with China and Russia.   Get this: Less than half of the Navy's aircraft can fly due to  maintenance and spare parts issues. Think about that. Less than half of  the Navy's aircraft can fly due to maintenance and spare parts issues.   Budget cuts and increased operations have depleted America's supply  of precision ammunitions. Simply put, we are running out of bombs.   Two Navy destroyers were involved in collisions that will take years  to repair, resulting in the tragic deaths of 17 sailors--17 sailors of  the 80 that my colleague from California, Representative Duncan, just  shared about, where we lost 80 soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines  in training accidents last year.    We lost 17 in this accident dealing with the two Navy destroyers. I  saw the impact of this accident personally in September when I toured  the USS Fitzgerald as part of an Armed Services fact-finding mission. I  stood in the room where seven sailors died when their ship collided  with a commercial freighter a little after 1 in the morning, tearing a  huge hole in the side of the ship and flooding their room where they  were sleeping with water in a little under 2 minutes, giving them very  little time to escape.   It was heart-wrenching to see, and it was heartbreaking to think  about the pain that the families will feel for years to come.   Sadly, these accidents were not due to an enemy attack. They were due  to training lapses and poor leadership, which was exacerbated by high  demand of services, combined with lack of funding for needed ships and  lack of training caused by defense cuts and sequestration.   In some cases, we found out sailors are working 100 hours a week just  to keep up with the training requirements and the current operations.   Our men and women in uniform deserve better. We cannot expect our  sons and daughters to volunteer for the military only for them to be  placed in harm's way without the proper equipment or adequate training  to ensure they return home to us safely.   Congress must work to fix this problem. The 2-year budget agreement  passed earlier this year increased the defense spending caps to allow  our Nation's military to begin the rebuilding process. Congress took  action for fiscal year 2018 by investing in critical military programs,  such as increased funding for Navy ship and aircraft depot maintenance,  providing an additional 24 F/A-18 Super Hornets to address the Navy's  strike fighter shortage, and increased Active Duty end-strength for all  the service branches.   However, our work is far from over. It is vital that we pass on-time  appropriations for fiscal year 2019. Our military cannot adequately  restore readiness without on-time appropriations. It is our  responsibility as Members of Congress to ensure that the Department of  Defense receives appropriations for fiscal year 2019 by this October 1.   The House has already passed our version of the Defense  Appropriations bill, and I hope our colleagues in the Senate will act  swiftly to ensure the Department of Defense is funded on time. We need  their help to make this happen, and we owe it to our sailors and our  servicemen everywhere.   Time is running out. We have an opportunity to get this right, and I  urge the Senate to act swiftly and quickly.   