 Mr. President, like I assume most of the rest of the  Members of the Senate, I am very disappointed that today we have not  reached a bipartisan agreement to reopen the government.   I think it is important to note that there is a lot of shared  frustration on both sides of the aisle about how we got here. Leader  McConnell, Senator Graham, and other Republicans have expressed their  exasperation at the fact that for weeks President Trump hasn't stuck to  a position for longer than a couple of hours and that he has derailed  several proposals which would have addressed the concerns that have  been expressed by Democrats in this body about how to move forward to  keep the government open.   Thankfully, there is also a lot of bipartisan consensus in the Senate  that we need to work together to fix our situation, to get the  government up and running again, and to address some of the long-term  challenges that have led to this moment.   However, in order to do this, we need the President and we need  Republican leadership to provide some leadership so we can move  forward. I am committed to negotiations that will allow us to address  certain key issues: first and foremost, I believe, is a long-term  budget agreement that will go through the remainder of this fiscal  year. That will put our defense on solid footing, yet not shortchange  our domestic needs. Congress has to set aside the short-term funding  bills--this is the fourth one in just the last 3\1/2\ months, since the  beginning of this fiscal year--because these bills inflict real damage  on our domestic needs and also on our Armed Forces.   We also need the necessary Federal resources to help communities and  first responders across the country effectively combat the national  opioid epidemic. We need long-term funding for the Children's Health  Insurance Program, for community health centers, and for other health  issues we are facing.   I have rural hospitals in New Hampshire that if they don't get the  disproportionate share payments, they could be in real financial  trouble. We need to address these challenges that are facing States  across the country.   We also need a solution that will give Dreamers the path to  citizenship they deserve so they can live and work without fear of  deportation. A bipartisan deal that will provide long-term budget  certainty is absolutely critical for our national security.   It can't be overstated how much damage continued short-term funding  causes our military. We have been repeatedly warned by the Pentagon of  the damaging impacts of budget uncertainty. We heard from Secretary  Mattis. In just the last couple of weeks, he came to the Democratic and  Republican Caucuses and said: Please don't give us another continuing  resolution.   Army Chief of Staff GEN Mark Milley has cautioned that the Army's  combat readiness is significantly hampered as training cycles are  disrupted and sometimes completely discontinued. Just recently--in  fact, on Friday, I believe--the Pentagon's spokeswoman echoed the  sentiment, saying that operating under years of continuing resolutions  is ``wasteful and destructive'' and that what is needed is a ``fully  funded'' budget.   When we had our first Navy caucus--I know the Presiding Officer can  identify with this because we met with Admiral Richardson, and Admiral  Richardson said: We tell everybody in the Navy not to count on doing  anything in the first quarter of a fiscal year because we have been  operating under continuing resolutions for so long.   As we continue working toward a bipartisan compromise, it is  critically important that we ensure our military servicemembers, as  well as Department of Defense civilians and contractors who support  them, receive the pay they have earned.   I was disappointed when Senator Kaine and Senator Duckworth made that  unanimous consent request, and when Senator McCaskill made it on Friday  night, that it was objected to. The fact is, there is an effort to get  this done by unanimous consent, running what is called the hotline on  both sides of the aisle, and the majority is objecting to allowing us  to go ahead and make the commitment that we are going to pay our men  and women of the military and their civilian support.   Our men and women in uniform, as well as Department of Defense  civilians, work tirelessly to protect our national security, and they  and their families should not have to worry about whether they are  going to receive a paycheck. We urgently need to pass the Pay Our  Military Act legislation. This is legislation that will allow our men  and women in uniform to focus on their critical missions across the  globe that are paramount to protecting this Nation. They need the peace  of mind to know they will be compensated. I believe that is what  everybody in this Chamber thinks we should do.   Importantly, that legislation would ensure that death benefits will  be funded should a servicemember be killed overseas. Again, I think  this is something that all of us agree needs to happen and that we can  agree it should happen now because whether you are stationed in  Afghanistan, on the Korean Peninsula, or deterring Russian aggression  in Eastern Europe, our servicemembers should not have to worry about  whether they will be able to provide for their families and loved ones  back home.   We passed similar legislation in 2013 during the last government  shutdown, and I urge swift passage of this important legislation again  so our men and women in the military can continue to protect our  country without worry.   I yield the floor.   