 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the Gold Star  Spouses Leasing Relief Act. This bipartisan bill would support the  widows and widowers of our fallen heroes by allowing them to terminate  residential leases without penalty in the wake of a servicemember's  death.   This issue first came to my attention when I met a Gold Star spouse,  Kylie Riney of Farmington, Illinois, which is in a central part of the  congressional district that I serve.    Kylie's life was forever changed on October 19, 2016, when her  husband, Sergeant Douglas Riney, tragically died defending our freedom  in Kabul, Afghanistan.   Kylie and her two young children, James and Elea, were living in  Texas at the time. This is their beautiful family before tragedy hit.  They had moved there when Sergeant Riney was  [[Page H7141]]  assigned to Fort Hood before deploying in support of Operation  Freedom's Sentinel.   After her husband's death, Kylie chose to be back in Illinois with  her family, surrounded by those whom she loves and love her so they  could mourn together this inconceivable loss. But in the wake of this  tragedy, their landlord refused to allow Kylie to terminate the lease  that she and her husband had signed--I mean, it is just hard to even  get those words out--refused to allow them to get out of their lease.   The families of our fallen heroes have already sacrificed far too  much, and we should do everything in our power to ensure grieving  spouses receive the support that they need. For this reason, I was  proud to introduce this commonsense, bipartisan bill, the Gold Star  Spouses Leasing Relief Act.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Congressman Brad Wenstrup,  who is also an Army Reserve officer and a physician, who helped  introduce this with me. I would also like to thank Chairman Roe and  Ranking Member Tim Walz for their work in bringing this to the floor.   Currently, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act protects  servicemembers from lease termination fees when they deploy or receive  a permanent change of station. Our legislation narrowly extends that  law's residential leasing protections to the surviving spouses of  servicemembers who are killed while serving their country.   Ranking Member Walz helped ensure the bill would protect all these  families, including those who lose a member of the National Guard or  Reserves. He has been a tireless advocate for the National Guard in  Congress, and it is a pleasure to be able to work with him.   I can hardly think of anything worse than taking advantage of a  grieving widow or widower whose spouse made the ultimate sacrifice for  our country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this bill to  ensure this does not happen again.   