 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to bring  attention to a particular provision of the bill now before the Senate-- a provision that would do so much to help our country fulfill its  promise to our veterans--and that is to expand and strengthen the VA's  caregiver program.   This program may not be well known outside of military family  circles, but, make no mistake, the caregiver program could be a game  changer for the estimated 5.5 million people across this country who  put their lives on hold to care for a loved one who returned from  service with illness or injury.   I met one of those caregivers not too long ago in my home State of  Washington. Tiffany Smiley wears many hats. She is a mother, a wife, a  nurse, and a veteran caregiver. She and her husband Scotty first met  back in junior high, and years later they were married. He signed up to  serve our country and Tiffany became a military spouse. Then, in 2005,  she got the call every military family fears. Scotty had been severely  injured in a suicide bombing in Iraq. He was alive, but he lost his  eyesight permanently.   As Tiffany describes it, her world was shaken to its core, and their  lives were never the same again. But Tiffany, like so many other  military spouses, didn't think twice about whether she would care for  her husband and their growing family. It was just a matter of how she  could do it. To this day, Tiffany is an amazing advocate for the  caregiver program and what it has meant to her and to her family.   She describes both the good days and the bad days, so those of us not  in her shoes can understand some of the challenges they face. She does  it because she knows she is not alone. She knows that sharing her  experience is making a difference to educate the rest of the country  about what it means to be a veteran's caregiver.   It is so true. I heard from countless people who, when their loved  one came home from service with an injury or illness, made big life  changes by quitting a job, scaling back their hours, or taking leave  from college. They put big purchases, retirements, and dream vacations  on hold or they took on more parenting responsibilities. You name it.  They sprang into action and did what they needed to do, because that is  just what you do when it is someone you love.   We know that the care military caregivers provide comes at a cost.  Several years ago, the Dole Foundation commissioned the largest ever  study of its kind to examine the sacrifice of military caregivers. It  showed that some caregivers spend more than 40 hours a week caring for  veterans. That is the equivalent of a full-time job, and that takes a  toll. The study showed that caregivers have significantly worse health  than noncaregivers. They run a higher risk of depression because they  put their own physical and mental well-being on hold. The stress of  providing care can strain relationships and increase divorce rates. So  caregivers--or, as they are often called, our hidden heroes--don't  necessarily wear a uniform or go overseas, but they sacrifice a whole  lot and they serve our country in ways most people find unimaginable.   That is why expanding the caregiver program to veterans of all eras  is so important, because the program provides resources and support,  including training and counseling, a stipend, access to healthcare,  respite, and more.   This bill expands the support services for caregivers to address  their still unmet needs. That includes offering financial and legal  advice to deal with the many complex and difficult challenges that  arise that are unique to being a caregiver.   Not only does the caregiver program recognize the sacrifice of  caregivers, but it also puts decisions about care into the hands of the  veterans and their loved ones. They can decide to be at home with  onsite care or on their own terms and as independent as possible. That  is really important. The fact that we are so close to getting this  program expansion across the finish line goes to show how far we have  moved this conversation. That is also why we have to keep pushing it  forward--so veterans and military caregivers never feel like they have  to face these problems alone, because the reality is that if a  servicemember is hurt while fighting for our country, the  responsibility of care should never fall to only one family. It is the  responsibility and the duty of our entire Nation to have their backs  and give them what they need.   We can't stop until we get this done. We can't stop until every  veteran and military caregiver knows that their country is there for  them on their terms, no matter what. I am so proud that the caregivers  program expansion is front and center in the VA MISSION Act now before  the Senate. On behalf of Tiffany and Scotty and all of the other  military families out there, I urge my colleagues to express their  support for this critically important program.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   