 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 2345, the National Suicide  Hotline Improvement Act.   Suicide is now the tenth leading cause for death in adults aged 18 to  64, and, for every suicide, there are 25 attempts. Earlier this year,  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that suicide rates  increased by 28 percent between 1999 and 2016. Mr. Speaker, 49 States  experienced an increase in suicide rates during that period.   As my colleague said, we also know that the risk is significantly  higher for veterans. Veteran men are at a 19 percent higher risk, and  veteran women are at a 2\1/2\ times higher risk than nonveteran women.   These statistics point to a problem that is all too real and, sadly,  all too common. That fact was evident last month when, unfortunately,  both Kate Spade and Anthony Bourdain, both very successful in their  careers, took their own lives.   It is heartbreaking when someone is suffering so much that they  choose to end their own life. Unfortunately, I know it in my own  family, when people are afraid to reach out.   The National Suicide Prevention Hotline Improvement Act before us  today would make it easier for people wanting to connect with someone  through that hotline. The bill would set up a process to give Americans  an easy-to-remember, three-digit code, like 911, to call when they or  their loved one are in crisis, rather than the current 10-digit number.   The bill would also require the Substance Abuse and Mental Health  Services Administration to study the effectiveness of the National  Suicide Prevention Lifeline, currently known as 1-800-273-TALK, and the  Department of Veterans Affairs would be required to study the  effectiveness of the Veterans Crisis Line.   The Senate has passed a companion bill by unanimous consent. H.R.  2345 is a bipartisan, commonsense bill, and I want to thank the  authors, Congressman Chris Stewart of Utah and Congresswoman Eddie  Bernice Johnson of Texas, for the very hard work and leadership they  put into this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it today, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson), the cosponsor of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers. So I would  like to say that perhaps, today, this House can act together and save a  life, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2345.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 4881, the Precision Agriculture  Connectivity Act of 2018.   Access to broadband internet service is essential for participating  in modern American life for both individuals and businesses. Farmers  are no different. For them, a reliable, high-speed internet connection  has become a necessity for managing their businesses efficiently.  Farmers use it to collect realtime data on crops, buy equipment, verify  weather forecasts, and check grain and feed prices.   Studies estimate that the use of broadband in precision agriculture  can increase crop yields by 70 percent by the year 2050 and  significantly reduce operation costs. Yet many people living in this  country still do not have reliable high-speed internet service.   The Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018 would help  facilitate the deployment of broadband to agricultural land by  establishing a task force, led by the Federal Communication Commission  in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture. The task force will  identify and measure gaps in the availability of broadband on  agricultural lands.   It will also develop policy recommendations to promote the rapid  expanded deployment of broadband on unserved agricultural lands and  promote effective policy and regulatory solutions to encourage the  adoption of broadband on farms and ranches.   Moreover, the task force will recommend specific steps that the FCC  should take to obtain reliable and standardized data on the  availability of broadband and make sure that such data is reflected in  future FCC broadband infrastructure programs.   H.R. 4881 is a bipartisan, commonsense bill, and I want to thank the  authors, Mr. Loebsack and Mr. Latta, for the very hard work they have  put into this measure. I urge my colleagues to support it today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I strongly support passage of this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 5709, the Preventing Illegal  Radio Abuse Through Enforcement Act, otherwise known as the PIRATE Act.   Unauthorized radio operators, called pirate broadcasters, are a  growing threat to the public airwaves. Not only do they cause an  annoyance by interfering with news and entertainment programs of  legitimate broadcasters, but they pose a serious risk in time of  emergencies by preventing the public from hearing critical public  safety alerts and messages. And they put their own listeners at risk  because they are not equipped to carry these messages.   They may also interfere with the communication channels of important  agencies like the Federal Aviation Administration.   The FCC has stepped up its enforcement against pirate broadcasters,  but we can do more. The bill before us today increases the fines that  can be levied against pirate broadcasters from $10,000 per day,  currently, to $100,000 per day. It also sets a maximum penalty of $2  million for pirate broadcasters and those that knowingly and  intentionally facilitate pirate broadcasters.   The bill also ensures that the FCC continues its sustained  enforcement efforts on pirate broadcasters, while balancing the other  important missions of the enforcement bureau and its field staff.   State and local prosecutors can be partners in this effort. The bill  ensures that laws prohibiting pirate broadcasters enacted by States and  cities are not preempted.   H.R. 5709 is a bipartisan, commonsense bill. And, yes, I agree with  my colleague here about what a good bill this is. I thank the authors,  Mr. Lance and Mr. Tonko, for the very hard work they put into this  measure, and I urge my colleagues to support it today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to  support H.R. 5709, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself  as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069.   