 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition of the so-called  balanced budget amendment. Like so many Americans who have been  following the budget process, I am too very disappointed with this  Congress. The budget is the value statement by which we govern America.   The amendment before us and the recent massive cuts passed by  Republicans are far from a reflection of those values. That tax bill  added yet another $1 trillion of debt to our children's pocketbooks.  And for what? So millionaires could get a tax cut 70 times larger than  what the middle class received? The vote we take today will pay for  that tax cut by cutting programs the middle class depends on.   As a mother and grandmother, I have to ask: What kind of future are  we leaving for our families? You cannot hand millions of dollars to  millionaires and corporations one day while pretending to be concerned  about our budget deficit the next. That doesn't make you a fiscal hawk.   That is why the Congressional Hispanic Caucus has been working on a  plan to get us back on track, and I am proud to help lead those efforts  as the chair of the Budget Task Force. In this role, I am pushing for  solutions that promote the well-being and strength of our local  communities. Sure, we all want a balanced budget. This vote today is  not a solution. It is an attack on the middle class families we  represent.   As a former mayor and a State legislator, I know firsthand the  difference between a true balanced budget and what that means for  securing the resources and services our States and cities need. It has  long been my priority to ensure healthcare remains accessible for  everyone, especially the most vulnerable in our communities. We can't  do that if we are making enormous cuts to Medicare, to Medicaid, to  Social Security programs our very low-income families, individuals with  disabilities, seniors, and veterans depend on for their livelihoods.   More than 50 million Americans depend on Medicare. Many of them make  less than $24,000 a year. The Nation's seniors have worked their whole  lives and contributed to the Social Security program. It is not a gift  to them.   