 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to  President Trump's nominee to the Supreme Court, Judge Brett Kavanaugh.  [[Page S4902]]    In my home State of New York, more than 8 million people have health  problems. That is almost half my State. They are living with diabetes.  They have had treatment for cancer. They have a childhood disease.   Before the Affordable Care Act became law, if you had a health  problem and you needed to see a doctor, health insurance companies were  allowed to make you pay much more. The health insurance companies were  allowed to turn you away. They were allowed to tell you ``Sorry, you  are not profitable for us because you are sick,'' and they did it many  times. Let's not forget that included women who were pregnant.   But they can't tell them that anymore because of the Affordable Care  Act. The Affordable Care Act made that simple statement illegal.   Now insurance companies must cover you if you are sick. They must  cover you if you have had a health problem in the past. And millions of  Americans are better off now because of that fact.   So what does this have to do with the Supreme Court? President Trump  has made it clear that one of his biggest goals as President is to  destroy the Affordable Care Act. He has already tried hard to get  Congress to repeal the law, and luckily for us, he failed. He failed  because people don't want their health insurance taken away from them.  It is really that simple.   Millions of Americans raised their voices and told Congress that if  the Affordable Care Act were repealed, they would lose their insurance,  and that would be devastating for them and their families. And Congress  listened to them.   But now there is a new challenge to the law in Federal court, and the  Trump administration is refusing to defend the Affordable Care Act.   When this case makes it to the Supreme Court in a few more years,  then the next Supreme Court Justice could be the deciding vote on  whether the Affordable Care Act is overturned. That means the next  Supreme Court Justice could have the power to decide that insurance  companies don't have to cover patients anymore if they have a health  problem. He could have the power to decide that insurance companies  don't have to cover you or your child anymore if your child is sick.   Healthcare costs in my State have already skyrocketed because of the  fact that the Trump administration has attacked this law over and over  again. But repealing the law would be absolutely devastating to so many  families. More than 8 million New Yorkers could lose their health  insurance or pay more for their coverage. So would millions more all  across the country. I am very concerned that is exactly what Judge  Kavanaugh would do if he were given this opportunity.   Just look at his record. When Judge Kavanaugh had a case before him  that was attacking another part of the Affordable Care Act, he  dissented in the case, and he said that even though the Affordable Care  Act requires employers to cover birth control medicines for their  workers, they shouldn't have to do it if they don't want to. He even  took it so far as to say that if the President doesn't like a law--if  the President doesn't like a law--then the President could ignore the  law and ignore the courts.   Listen to this one opinion. This will interest the Presiding Officer,  I am sure. Tell me if you think this is sound judicial judgment. He  wrote: ``Under the Constitution, the President may decline to enforce a  statute that regulates private individuals when the President deems the  statute unconstitutional, even if a court has held or would hold the  statute constitutional.''   Anyone with the most basic understanding of how the constitutional  system of government works in this country knows that this is not what  our Founding Fathers intended.   If this judge is confirmed, then there is a dangerously high  likelihood that he will strike down the Affordable Care Act.   We must not go back to the days when an insurance company could  charge a person more just because they have health problems. We cannot  go back to the days when an insurance company could say no to a patient  because they could say: You are just not going to make us enough money.   We must listen to our constituents--listen to the millions of men,  women, and children all across this country who need access to basic  healthcare, and they cannot afford to lose their insurance.   We must reject this nominee.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   