 Mr. President, as everyone in this Chamber knows,  passing the Defense authorization bill is a tradition that has taken  place without interruption for 56 years. That means that, regardless of  political party or the disagreements we may have on other issues, we  can agree on this: the importance of a strong national defense.   This year, we consider the National Defense Authorization Act against  the backdrop of a changing world. America faces challenges from nations  seeking to upend our rules-based international order. These nations aim  to undermine the United States and her allies and disrupt the American- led system of international commerce and security that has been the  foundation of global prosperity since the end of World War II.   America is at a crossroads, and as we look out at the forces that  threaten our security, we need to be ready to defend our way of life.  In Europe, a newly emboldened Russia under the control of Putin seeks  every opportunity to exert its malign influence, undermine democracies,  flaunt international law, and bully our NATO allies. In Asia,  expansionist China is working to coerce its neighbors, invest millions  in military modernization, construct illegal artificial islands, and  challenge American leadership across the globe. In short, we have  reentered an era of great power competition.   If we value our security and our prosperity, we must be prepared to  support the men and women of our military so that they are able to win  in this environment. Earlier this year, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis  presented Congress with a national defense strategy. This blueprint for  the Nation's defense thoroughly emphasizes the fact that interstate  competition is now the focus of our U.S. national security. The  priorities laid out in the NDS provide a road map for confronting these  challenges head-on. Now is the time to fund them.   That is why I am proud to stand before you in support of the fiscal  year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act. With this legislation, we  take important steps to ensure that our Nation's defense is ready to  deter and defeat great-power adversaries. This year's NDAA provides  $716 billion in fiscal year 2019 for the national defense--a direct  investment in building an agile, capable force that is prepared to take  on the threats of the 21st century.   This authorization closely aligns with the core tenets of the NDS. It  provides keen investments in modernization priorities to help America  defeat threats identified by Secretary Mattis and position our forces  to be more lethal against our major foes. First and foremost, this  legislation fully supports the sustainment and the modernization of our  nuclear forces.   I serve as the chair of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, whose  jurisdiction includes nuclear forces, missile defense, and the national  security of our space programs. The subcommittee increased investments  in each of these areas in order to speed the development of next- generation capabilities and to meet the unfunded priorities of the  military service branches and of our warfighters.   Additionally, the bill before us today fully supports the  administration's 2018 ``Nuclear Posture Review,'' which charts a  responsible path forward to make sure that our nuclear forces continue  to deter strategic attacks on our homeland and also to assure our  allies. Across all spectrums, this legislation helps to support the  needs of the warfighter and the goals of our national security.   At sea, the fiscal year 2019 NDAA includes over $23 billion for  shipbuilding, to fully fund 10 new combat ships and accelerate funding  for several future  [[Page S3895]]  ships so that we can continue to ensure free navigation across the  world's oceans. On land, it authorizes more than $1.5 billion to  procure 135 Abrams tanks and authorizes $190 million to prototype the  next-generation combat vehicle, which is $70 million more than the  administration's request, to ensure that we are prepared to fight and  that we are prepared to fight and to win. In the air, it ensures that  our forces are ready by authorizing nearly $400 million for the RC-135  family of intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance platforms,  which are proudly headquartered at the 55th Wing, at Offutt Air Force  Base in Nebraska.   Though the threats of today are pressing, we must continue preparing  to meet and defeat the adversaries of tomorrow. That is why this  legislation makes significant investments in building the future force.   To keep our military a step ahead, this NDAA authorizes an increase  of more than $600 million above the administration's request for  science, technology, and testing programs, including $75 million for  university research conducted at innovative locations like the  University of Nebraska. All told, the fiscal year 2019 NDAA provides a  wide spectrum of investments that will help our military to stay ahead  and to ensure that we never have to face an adversary with equal  capabilities.   Just as importantly, this bill demonstrates the belief of the Senate  that the most important asset in our arsenal is not a weapons platform  but the men and women who wear the uniform. With that in mind, the  fiscal year 2019 NDAA provides a 2.6-percent pay raise for members of  the Armed Forces, and it authorizes nearly $146 billion for military  personnel, including costs of pay, allowances, bonuses, and benefits.  We all know that meeting the challenges of tomorrow means having the  best talent. It also means having a process in place to incentivize  career progress and retain those uniformed servicemembers who excel in  their fields.   That is why this legislation also makes important, much needed  reforms that will modernize our personnel system. For decades, the  personnel management system has remained stagnant. Now, with the  reforms included in this bill, we have the opportunity to bring the  system in line with the changing needs of the modern military. The  fiscal year 2019 NDAA lays the ground work for new career flexibility  and provides additional opportunities for the highest performers to  advance, opening doors to allow the best and the brightest to take on  tomorrow's leadership roles.   At the end of the day, we must be prepared to face an uncertain  future. This bill is about ensuring America's security in a volatile  world. As the national defense strategy made clear, our Nation is faced  with ``a security environment more complex and volatile than any we  have experienced in recent memory.''   I think all of us in this Chamber can agree that this environment  requires us to stand united and to stand ready as a nation. For that  reason, I am proud to say that this year's Defense authorization bill  expands our capabilities across every domain to meet these threats.  Ultimately, passing this legislation is about fulfilling the promise we  made to our men and women in uniform to give them the best tools to  wage the most effective fight and to ensure that America is never  outmatched on the battlefield.   There may be much uncertainty in this world, but you can count on  this: There is no more professional, dedicated, or lethal fighting  force in the world than the U.S. military. Let's vote to keep it that  way.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   