 Mr. President, I rise today disappointed and frustrated.   Once again, we passed an ill-advised continuing resolution to fund  much of our government. Once again, folks, we have passed the buck.  Once again, we have failed to do our job.   One of Congress's most essential roles is to fund a responsible  government that runs efficiently and effectively. We have a duty to  taxpayers to not just simply give a thumbs-up on spending their money  but to debate and consider whether programs are working to serve their  needs. Unfortunately, we have been negligent in this solemn duty. Like  myself, Americans are tired of this shortsighted habit of kicking the  can down the road.   How did we get to this point, you might be asking yourself. After  all, we worked across the aisle in an open and collaborative way and  found a path forward to fund our national defense and the vital  Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education. We  recently passed a similar bill related to Energy and Water, Legislative  Branch, Military Construction, and Veterans Affairs.   As we have seen, a continuing resolution was attached to this  legislation for the rest of the government, including our vital  Department of Homeland Security. Worse, this continuing resolution  doesn't fund the government fully until the end of the fiscal year. No,  it simply punts the ball to December 7. That is it. We will be back  here before Christmas, and if experience is any sort of guide, multiple  times after that before we can get the government fully funded.   I ultimately chose to vote yes on this continuing resolution because  of what it means for our national security and our servicemembers who  risk their lives every day for our security. Also, the continuing  resolution included the Violence Against Women Act, a bill I could not  allow to lapse given that this bill provides services for our most  vulnerable. VAWA addresses the scourge of domestic violence that is so  prevalent in our communities--crimes that often hurt women and children  the most, often requiring them to be displaced from the only homes they  know.   I believe we can strengthen this act in several ways by addressing  changing circumstances since its last reauthorization 5 years ago by  tailoring its language to better fit the needs of our communities.  There are provisions we need to change and to work on, but we are not  afforded that opportunity.   Tying our Nation's security and the Violence Against Women Act to the  CR made it both the carrot and the stick. We are leaving services and  programs that the American people rely upon open to partisan delay and  political gerrymandering.   The people of Iowa elected me to come to Washington to be their voice  and to instill much needed fiscal responsibility. Rather than pushing,  procrastinating, and postponing for another 3 months, we should buckle  down and build upon the great progress we have made this year by  getting the remaining appropriations bills across the finish line.   We should debate the Violence Against Women Act in regular order so  we can strengthen it and provide protections for those who need it the  most. There are items I support in this continuing resolution, but we  need to do our job. We need to fund the government. If we don't take  action now, we will be back here month after month, year after year,  doing the exact same thing.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   