 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I associate the remarks of my ranking member, the  chairman of the committee, and the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr.  Graves. I rise in strong support of the bipartisan bill, H.R. 8, the  Water Resources Development Act of 2018.   I very strongly thank Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and  Chairman Graves for their work on this legislation. It is encouraging  to see that the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee continue in  a bipartisan fashion on this legislation every 2 years.   This bill authorizes Army Corps of Engineers' feasibility studies,  Chief's Reports, and section 7001 water resource projects across the  country for a diverse array of purposes, including flood damage  reduction, ecosystem restoration, hurricane and storm damage reduction,  water supply--very important to me--and navigation.   It also includes an important water recycling project for Los Angeles  County in California, with the West Basin Municipal Water District's  Harbor/South Bay project. This project provides a $35 million increase  for an existing, successful authorization to improve microfiltration of  wastewater and delivery to residents and businesses. This will create  long-term water supply reliability in our drought-prone region.   I want to thank my good friends, Directors Carol Kwan and Gloria  Gray, for their commitment to this cost-effective and innovative water  supply option for all their constituents.   I also am pleased to see the inclusion of several provisions that  will continue the work we have done in recent WRDAs to assist  communities experiencing drought with additional water supply options.   These provisions include section 109 that will require the Corps to  work with local governments on integrated water resources planning to  incorporate in Corps projects locally developed plans for stormwater  management, water quality improvements, and--my baby--water recycling.   Section 107 provides for forecast-informed reservoir operations in  water control manuals to ensure that dams are being used effectively to  maximize local water supply.   Section 115 provides a comprehensive report on the operation and  maintenance backlog of Corps projects so that  [[Page H4802]]  Congress has a full accounting of the unmet needs of authorized water  resource projects.   We have such a backlog, and there is that fund that goes nowhere, the  billions of dollars that should be going to the ports that do not  benefit, and we have a tremendous backlog.   I am concerned that the bill does not include a bipartisan provision  supported by the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee that would  fully fund the harbor maintenance trust fund. Congress needs to remedy  this inequity in the harbor maintenance trust fund once and for all, so  that the taxes paid into the system are benefiting the projects they  were intended for. I support the efforts of port stakeholders,  including the American Association of Port Authorities, which  includes all ports in the United States which recently approved, for  the first time, a national agreement with all ports to create fairness  in the harbor maintenance trust fund. It is very unfortunate that the  House leadership is using procedural tactics to prevent the House from  addressing this critical issue.    I am confident that this bill, when and if enacted, will provide  drought-prone regions like mine and other very necessary areas with the  tools necessary to increase water supply and water conservation  measures and be prepared for future storm events to capture and reuse  the water that would have otherwise been lost.   I want to thank my constituent water agencies for their input  throughout this process, including the Upper San Gabriel Valley  Municipal Water District, the Three Valleys Municipal Water District,  the San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District, the San Gabriel  WaterMaster, the Los Angeles County Department of Public Works, and my  local Corps leadership, General Helmlinger, Colonel Gibbs, and David  Van Dorpe.   Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of this bill, and I ask Members to  support H.R. 8.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Michigan (Mrs. Lawrence), my colleague on the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Michigan (Mr. Kildee).    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment, while potentially well  intended, could have the unintended consequences of weakening the  Nation's safety standards for levees.   I understand the gentleman plans to withdraw the amendment, and I  commit to continue working with the gentleman on the issue.   Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to take this time, since  this is the last amendment, to thank Chairman Shuster and Ranking  Member Graves for their support, but most of all, I want to thank our  staff: Ryan Seiger, Mike Brain, Joe Sheehy, my own personal staff; but  mostly, the legislative counsel, Kakuti Lin--it is a hard name--they  worked tirelessly; and, of course, your staff, the Republican staff  that worked with our staffs so well.   And I thank Mr. Shuster. This is an example of bipartisan work on  this WRDA bill.   