 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal  Year 2019, and I thank Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, all  the conferees, and the committee staff for their dedicated, hard work  on this important piece of legislation.   This bipartisan bill provides our troops the equipment, resources,  and training they so desperately need. It authorizes a 2.6 percent pay  increase for our troops, authorizes 24 additional F-18 Super Hornets,  invests in A-10 modifications, fully funds the B-21 bomber program, and  funds various bomber modernization programs to ensure our current  bomber fleet remains operational until the B-21 comes online.   I am delighted that this bill includes a provision that raises the  Air National Guard control grade cap to ensure that the ANG is properly  resourced. The lack of control grades severely restricts the ANG's  ability to recruit full-time officers separating from Active Duty in  the Air Force, many of whom are much-needed pilots. Raising this cap  will help fill these needed slots.   The bill also includes a vital provision that prohibits Federal  agencies from purchasing certain Chinese-made telecommunications and  video surveillance equipment.   The Chinese Government is using every avenue at its disposal to  target the United States, including expanding the role of Chinese  companies in the U.S. domestic communications and public safety  sectors. This provision takes a necessary step to protect the U.S.  government from significant vulnerabilities.   These are just a few of the examples of hundreds of provisions  included in this bill that invest in our troops and combat attempts by  our adversaries to undermine and threaten the United States.   Once again, I would like to thank Chairman Thornberry for his  leadership. This is the earliest that we have voted on the NDAA  conference report in decades, and I strongly believe it is because of  Chairman Thornberry's dedication to our military.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this bipartisan bill, and I urge my  colleagues to support its passage.   