 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to take a moment to emphasize why  the Secure and Succeed Act is the right bill for the Senate to pass  this week. I chose to join my colleagues, who have worked hard on this  bill for months, for a few important reasons.   First, this bill provides a way forward for our DACA recipients. I  have said time and again that I appreciate the contributions our DACA  recipients are making in our communities. They are our friends, our  neighbors, and our churchgoers. I support finding them a way forward.  Our bill does this. It does it in a fair and humane way. But  importantly, it also adds strong eligibility requirements to ensure the  safety and security of the program and stops future illegal  immigration. For instance, it does not reward the parents who came here  illegally by giving them any type of lawful status and sets reasonable  time limits and restrictions on who can apply.   Second, it provides immediate and significant investments in our  border. We cannot allow this problem to happen again. We have a duty  and an obligation to keep our borders secure and our citizens safe. Our  bill recognizes that spending money on the border without giving law  enforcement strong authorities is like buying a boat without an engine.  We need both to keep our borders and our communities secure.   Third, our bill recognizes that you cannot view immigration in a  silo--it is a bulky issue that represents many legal, economic, and  security concerns. Many of these issues are deeply interconnected.  Addressing DACA and addressing the border without addressing some of  the other issues plaguing our system is a half solution. We must have  the President's four principles to make this work.   Finally, this is the President's plan. The White House has endorsed  this proposal. The President's pen is ready to sign it.   I urge my colleagues, let's pass the bill that addresses the right  issues in this debate and can actually become law. Let's pass the  Secure and Succeed Act.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   