 Mr. President, Thank you very much.   I want to begin by congratulating Senators Grassley and Durbin on  getting such strong bipartisan support for this bill, including support  from the President.   I am proud to support it, too.   As I have said in the past: I am not a fan of mandatory minimum  sentences, particularly those that are very harsh and allow no  discretion to a sentencing judge.  [[Page S7774]]    Early in my career, I sat on some 5,000 felony cases as a member of  the California Women's Board of Terms and Parole. This board set  sentences and granted parole to women sentenced to State prison.   I recall one individual sentenced to more than a decade in prison for  three marijuana cigarettes. The judge ran the counts consecutively, and  the sentences added up to 15 years--15 years for three cigarettes.   These sorts of cases are the ones that show why judicial discretion  is so vital to our justice system and why the bill we are considering  today is an important step towards restoring it.   The bill before us makes several changes to criminal law.   Most importantly, in my view, it reduces some of the harshest  mandatory minimum sentences.   For example, right now, the mandatory sentence for a third drug  offense is life in prison without the possibility of parole. This bill  lowers that mandatory minimum to 25 years.   Similarly, right now, the mandatory minimum sentence for a second  drug offense is 20 years. This bill reduces that to 15 years.   To be clear, the reductions in mandatory minimums under this bill do  not prevent a judge from giving a defendant the maximum allowed under  the law, if that is appropriate.   The point is that the judge decides, and sentences are not automatic.   The bill also gives more discretion to judges to sentence below  mandatory minimums.   Under what is called the safety valve, when someone has been  convicted of a nonviolent drug offense, is cooperating with the  government, and has a limited criminal history, the judge, in his or  her discretion, can sentence a defendant below a mandatory minimum.   This ability to sentence below a mandatory minimum is important for  judges to sentence the specific defendants before them, as the facts of  the case demand.   The bill also helps address some of the racial disparities in our  criminal justice system. For many years, when it came to sentencing,  our Federal courts treated 1 ounce of crack cocaine as if it was 100  ounces of powder cocaine.   Congress addressed this disparity in 2010, when the Fair Sentencing  Act became law. That law, which Senator Durbin introduced and I  cosponsored, reduced the crackpowder disparity from 100-1 to 18-1. In  other words, under the law today, one ounce of crack cocaine is treated  as 18 ounces of powder cocaine.   Unfortunately, this new law did not apply retroactively, and so there  are still people serving sentences under the 100-1 standard.   The bill before us today fixes that and finally makes the Fair  Sentencing Act retroactive so that people sentenced under the old  standard can ask to be resentenced under the new one.   Along with reducing sentences that are too harsh, the bill includes  prison reforms to help individuals reenter society.   Prison sentences do not end when someone leaves the prison walls, and  as a society, we must do more to help people who have served their  sentences return as productive members of society. I believe that the  job training and drug rehabilitation programs that this bill creates  will do just that.   I am pleased to support this bill and would urge all of my colleagues  to do so as well. Thank you.   