 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss H.R. 1865, the  anti-human-trafficking legislation currently being considered here on  the Senate floor. Human trafficking is one of the fastest growing  criminal enterprises in the world. More than 20 million people in our  Nation and around the globe are affected by this modern-day form of  slavery.   The criminals who carry out these heinous acts often go after the  vulnerable, such as young people who have run away from home or are  victims of domestic violence. Women and girls are disproportionately  affected. According to the International Labour Organization, 55  percent of total victims worldwide are women and girls. Tragically,  children are frequently targeted.   The perpetrators trap their victims in unconscionable and violent  situations, forcing them to commit sexual acts against their will. This  practice occurs in nearly every area code. It is happening closer to  home than we even realize. A report published by Creighton University  and the Women's Fund of Omaha found that there are 900 individuals for  sale online every month in Nebraska--almost all of them female.   Our government has a responsibility to stand up and do something to  protect women and children from exploitation. Fighting the horrific  scourge of human trafficking is a priority for me, and it is a priority  for the U.S. Senate.   In 2015, we passed the Justice for Victims Trafficking Act, and it  was signed into law. I was proud to be a cosponsor of that legislation.  The bill set up a deficit-neutral fund to support trafficking victims.  Through enhanced reporting and mechanisms to reduce demand, this law  provides care for victims of trafficking and child pornography.   Importantly, the law also protects victims in court by treating  traffickers as violent criminals. Labeling traffickers in this way  means that convicts can now be detained while awaiting judicial  proceedings. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act represents a  strong effort by Congress to stand against human trafficking.   I am proud that, at home, Nebraskans are also rallying together and  taking action to stop human trafficking. This past January, the  Nebraska attorney general, Doug Peterson, launched Demand An End, a  public awareness campaign to stop child sex trafficking. This campaign  aims to build on the momentum from legislative bill 298, passed by the  Nebraska unicameral, with significantly heightened penalties for those  perpetuating and profiting from human labor and sex trafficking.   While I was a member of Nebraska's unicameral from 2005 to 2013, our  State made several important legislative strides to address key  policies related to human trafficking.   In 2005, the unicameral passed L.B. 111, which established the  Missing Persons Clearinghouse in Nebraska. The law created a  centralized database with information on individuals who went missing  within our State.   Known as Jason's Law for an Omaha young man who went missing in 2001,  L.B. 111 was an important advancement to ensure vital information  sharing and to prevent the missing from becoming anonymous.   Additionally, in 2012, the unicameral passed the L.B. 1145 to  increase penalties for human trafficking and establish a task force to  examine issues in Nebraska pertaining to human trafficking, including  its scope, possible solutions, and how to assist trafficking survivors.  Most recently, I am proud to have joined the ``Demand an End'' campaign  and offer my support of AG Peterson's work on this front.   Now is the time to build on these collective efforts and be  responsive at the Federal level to stop this evil.   That brings me to the legislation before us today, the Stop Enabling  Sex Traffickers Act, or SESTA. I am grateful for the hard work of the  Senator from Ohio and the Senate Commerce Committee in making it  possible for us to be having this conversation today. Not only did this  legislation pass committee, but it received a unanimous vote.   Last fall, during the hearing of the Senate Commerce Committee, Ms.  Yvonne Ambrose shared a heartbreaking story with our Members. She told  us about her daughter Desiree. Desiree was a wonderful young woman with  much potential. She was a high schooler and a member of the Junior  ROTC. She dreamed one day of becoming a doctor in the U.S. Air Force.   Like so many teenagers, Desiree was on social media because she  wanted to connect with friends and make new friends. By accident,  Desiree suddenly found herself in the shadows of the internet on a web  page called backpage.com--a platform where men were able to find her,  intimidate her, pressure her, and use her to make a profit. On  Christmas Eve 2016, Desiree was murdered gruesomely by a 32-year-old  man who bought her services online.   Sadly, Desiree's story is not unique. The murky edges of the internet  are still enabling predators all over the world to engage in sex  trafficking, meanwhile websites like backpage.com continue to sell and  exploit people for profit.   Between January 2013 and March 2015, backpage.com earned nearly 100  percent of its profits from adult advertisements. The internet is  giving criminals an avenue to commit these crimes, and certain websites  are knowingly facilitating their activities as part of an organized  network. Compounding the issue, smartphones make it easier for  traffickers to complete transactions.   According to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children,  reports of online child sex trafficking skyrocketed by more than 800  percent between 2010 and 2015. Analysis of this major increase showed  that it is directly correlated to the increased use of the internet to  sell children for sex.   In the months following Desiree's murder, a Chicago newspaper  headline read: ``Teen's tragic death shows it's business as usual at  Backpage.com.''   The internet can no longer be a place where the perpetrators of these  atrocious crimes can hide. It can no longer be business as usual, and  that is where SESTA's provisions come in.   SESTA would ensure that section 230 of the Communications Decency Act  cannot be used as an excuse anymore for websites that knowingly  facilitate sex trafficking. It also would give State law enforcement  clear authority to enforce criminal statutes against websites.   I have been dismayed to hear about the obstacles State law  enforcement has faced when attempting to prosecute entities knowingly  participating in trafficking activities online.   In its current form, section 230 protects websites and internet  service providers from liability for content their users create. This  has allowed websites that depend on user content, like Twitter and  YouTube, to flourish, but it has been misused to effectively provide  impunity for bad actors maintaining websites that facilitate sex  trafficking.   SESTA is critical to empowering survivors, providing the legal tools  needed to seek and receive justice from all those involved in these  monstrous crimes. As a cosponsor of SESTA, I hope my colleagues will  pass this monumental, bipartisan, and bicameral bill to combat human  trafficking today, and I urge my colleagues to vote against amendments  that would derail this important and vital legislation.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   