 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and his  work protecting life in this Nation.   Mr. Speaker, taxpayers should not have to bear the abortion  industry's financial burden directly or indirectly, and yet, every  single year, the American people are forced to deposit $60 million into  the bank account of Planned Parenthood, an organization that performs  more than 300,000 abortions annually.   Now, I understand that this money cannot be directly spent on  abortions, and we have been successful in protecting taxpayers from  funding these procedures through the Hyde amendment.   But by subsidizing organizations like Planned Parenthood, which  promote and perform abortions, taxpayers are propping up the abortion  industry, and that is just not right. That is a burden that they should  not have to bear.   I know some will try to claim this move as damaging women's health,  but that is false. The President's decision will not take a penny from  women's health.   Instead, it redirects those funds to clinics and centers that offer  comprehensive life-affirming care to women from the moment of  conception on.   And in many areas, health centers like this far outnumber Planned  Parenthood clinics. For example, in my home State of South Dakota,  there are six federally qualified health centers operating in 45  service sites, but just one Planned Parenthood center.   For decades, the abortion industry has tried to normalize this  operation. But I want to be clear: Abortion is not healthcare, and it  is not family planning either.   Abortion is the intentional ending of an unborn baby's life. There is  nothing more fundamental to our society than our kids. Our founding  documents speak on behalf of us and our posterity.   The American Dream itself rests on the idea that our children will  have more opportunity than we do, and that is how America works.   And no matter how small they are, whether they are born or unborn, we  should never stop passionately arguing for their life and their  liberty.   