 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that my  amendment No. 84 be modified in the manner that I have placed at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, my bipartisan amendment reflects several  policy recommendations that have been proposed in various forms over  the last several years, including Representative Bridenstine's Space  Renaissance Act.   State spaceports have become increasingly important elements of our  national space launch infrastructure, with States like Virginia,  Florida, and Alaska contributing hundreds of millions in infrastructure  improvements to launch sites to better support NASA, DOD, and  commercial launch.   State spaceports like the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport at Wallops  Island in Virginia, which launches Orbital ATK's Antares and Minotaur  rockets, have provided new, low-cost capabilities for NASA, Defense,  and commercial users, while also improving resiliency and  responsiveness. The recent NASA Reauthorization Act, which passed the  House Science Committee by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote last week,  included language urging NASA to fully leverage such State spaceport  investments to meet infrastructure demands to support national  missions.   As we now consider this FAA Reauthorization Act, it is also important  to note that the FAA currently plays a critical role in licensing and  working with these spaceports as they grow their infrastructure and  capabilities to support a variety of missions. This amendment will help  recognize the important role of these spaceports to our national launch  infrastructure, establish an office of spaceports to better coordinate  licensing, policy, and technical support for spaceports, as well as  direct two important reports--one by the Secretary of Transportation  and another by GAO--to address policy issues facing spaceports in our  growing launch market.   The amendment is supported by a bipartisan group of my colleagues  from Virginia, Maryland, and Florida and is supported by Virginia  Space, Space Florida, and the National Association of Spaceports, among  others.   I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   