 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am on the floor to thank the ranking  member of the full committee for his good, hard work on this bill and  certainly Senator Shelby and the subcommittee chairs.   We are here to talk about some of the important issues in this bill  and how consequential this bill will be and has the potential to be.   We are encompassing both Defense and Labor-HHS, both of which passed  out of our committee a few weeks ago with bipartisan support and a lot  of input from Members in the process.   Bills of this magnitude deserve to be debated on the Senate floor, as  we are doing today. I will first address the defense part of this  measure because I think it impacts not only our standing here and our  military here but also has a global impact.   President Trump has made rebuilding and strengthening our military  one of his administration's primary objectives, and this bill helps him  do exactly that.   This legislation invests in programs, projects, technologies, and  capabilities that will strengthen our Nation's military. More  importantly, it invests in the people behind all of these efforts by  including a 2.6-percent raise for all of our military. That includes  our National Guard.   Our National Guard's presence in West Virginia is essential not only  to our Nation's security but to all the core values and the core  strengths the National Guard brings to the State of West Virginia. All  of these men and women deserve our support and our commitment to  provide them with what they need to defend freedom both here and  abroad.   Of course, the legislation under consideration doesn't just focus on  the military; it also focuses on another war being waged right here in  our country, and that is the fight against the opioid epidemic.   Under the leadership of Chairman Blunt--and he has been fantastic in  the committee--the Labor-HHS Subcommittee has made this issue a top  priority, and I could not be more grateful, more proud, and, even more  importantly, more hopeful.   We saw the statistics come out last week that there have been over  70,000 deaths across the country. It is deeply troubling as to how to  get the best handle on this very difficult problem.   Over the past 4 years, we have increased funding for this effort of  fighting the opioid crisis by more than 1,275 percent, but we haven't  done this blindly. We are just not throwing money at the problem. I  think we have been very thoughtful, as have our partners in the State  and local areas.   We have focused on treatment through our community health centers. We  have focused on prevention, working with the CDC. We have focused on  recovery through our workforce initiatives. We have focused on research  at NIH, where, hopefully, NIH can develop a nonaddicitive opioid  treatment, which I think will be a major breakthrough for this problem,  and we have focused on directing funding to the States to meet the  local challenges through their State opioid response grants. We have  also focused on the ripple effects of this epidemic, including the  impact on families and children in foster care. These are all important  resources and much needed.    I want to call special attention to our work, something that is  extremely important to my home State of West Virginia. In the previous  funding legislation, when we were dealing with this problem, I authored  language with Senator Shaheen. We had language directing funds in the  State opioid response grants to those States with the greatest needs.   The unfortunate metric in my State, and certainly in the Presiding  Officer's State as well, is that we have States with smaller  populations, but we have some of the biggest impacts, the highest  addiction, the highest overdose, and the highest death rates across the  country. This has enabled us to focus more funding on those States that  are more deeply affected but don't have the population to have enough  formula funding in those States to meet our needs.   Just a few weeks ago, our State Department of Health and Human  Resources released the preliminary numbers. So far in West Virginia, we  have had almost 500 opioid-related deaths. While this is the most  devastating statistic, when it comes to West Virginia and the opioid  epidemic, it is not the only one. It is not the only one we need to  look at.   We are seeing an increasing number of children in foster care. This  has impacted the entire family. There are more grandparents and great- grandparents who are raising their grandchildren and their great- grandchildren.  [[Page S5877]]    Our State has an increased need for treatment facilities. We have  more babies who are requiring neonatal care, as well as the services as  they grow. This has impacted our entire State very deeply. I have seen  these needs firsthand through visits to the facilities, conversations  with families, counselors, recovering addicts, healthcare  professionals, and first responders.   I can say that living in a smaller area, more rural area of our  country, I know families personally who have been impacted by this. It  is heartbreaking how many people need help, and I think this bill takes  major steps to help in delivering that.   While the opioid epidemic is a very significant focus of Labor-HHS, I  wish to highlight some of the other valuable investments. One that is a  personal priority of mine, and I know of Chairman Blunt's, and many of  us, as well as Senator Collins, who is here today, is the funding we  provide for Alzheimer's research.   In the last 4 years, both of my parents have died with severe  dementia and Alzheimer's. It is probably the saddest and hardest thing  we, as a family, have ever had to face.   I understand the emotional, physical, and financial toll it takes on  patients, their caregivers, and families, because a lot of the  caregivers are family members. It is a devastating disease, which is  why I have been such a supporter of a wide range of Alzheimer's-related  legislation.   With this bill we have surpassed, with the help of Chairman Blunt and  his leadership, a $2 billion milestone when it comes to Alzheimer's  research. That isn't just for research. It is also to figure out the  best way to help our caregivers.   Also in this bill, we have directed help to other priorities to a lot  of rural States like mine for community health centers, which are  critical.   As for apprenticeship grants, I was just with the plumbers and  pipefitters. Apprenticeships are absolutely critical to the workforce  that we need.   There is the IDeA Program at NIH, which drives research dollars out  to universities, away from the main campus of NIH. Certainly, our  colleges and universities are taking advantage of this, in particular  West Virginia University.   We also fully fund--and I am very excited about this--with the help  of Senator Reed, our bill on childhood cancer. It is called the STAR  Act. We introduced it, and we passed it. This legislation will expand  opportunities for childhood cancer research, improve efforts to  identify and track childhood cancer incidences, and enhance the quality  of life for our childhood cancer survivors. Many of them have cancer  and have treatments in their younger years, but what happens to them as  they enter their teenage years, their young adult years, or if they  move into family life? There are impacts that impact our childhood  cancer survivors all throughout their life. So I am really pleased with  the efforts we have made there.   In short, this legislation aims to improve the health and well-being  of every single American.   When it comes to the Department of Labor, very briefly, this is  important for us in West Virginia. There is a training program there  for displaced coal workers and coal miners. We have re-funded that. We  have pushed more funding to that, I should say. ``Re-fund'' sounds a  little confusing, I think.   We have also increased the maximum amount for Pell grants.   These are just a few highlights of this piece of legislation with a  few critical resources that will make a big difference.   I know this bill will benefit my State of West Virginia because it  recognizes the needs and opportunities facing our State and Nation and  it provides the resources we need to seize those opportunities. It also  demonstrates, for the first time in a long time, that we have worked  together and we have worked across the aisle. We have been able to have  our say as Members--every single one of us--as to where and how we want  to see both Defense and Labor-HHS, these enormously impactful agencies,  and how they impact our lives. For me, that is a major victory, being a  member of the Appropriations Committee.   So I want to extend again my gratitude to the subcommittee chair,  Senator Blunt, and the ranking member, Senator Murray, and then to our  two major chairs, Senator Leahy and Senator Shelby. It is a good day  here on the floor of the Senate.   Thank you.   I yield the floor to Senator Moran.   