 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5079, the DHS Field Engagement  Accountability Act.   H.R. 5079 would require the Department of Homeland Security to  develop a fusion center engagement strategy. One of the tragic lessons  of the September 11 attacks was what can happen when information is not  shared at all levels of law enforcement.   Since 2006, the committee has supported the Department's efforts to  deploy intelligence analysts to many of the 79 fusion centers across  the country. These fusion centers are charged with connecting the dots  at the State or local level to prevent terrorist or extremist violence.  H.R. 5079 continues in this vein by directing DHS to focus on  strengthening its relationship with the fusion centers.   At a time when violent attacks in Florida, New York, Las Vegas, and  Charlottesville are tragically all too much a part of our new normal,  we need this improved relationship between the Department and fusion  centers more than ever.  [[Page H1669]]    In addition to requiring an engagement strategy, the bill requires  DHS to have metrics in place to hold the personnel it deploys to fusion  centers accountable for their performance.   Finally, this legislation seeks to encourage use of the Department's  intelligence and document-sharing systems to promote greater engagement  among the Department and fusion centers across the country.   Specifically, H.R. 5079 would create policies for information sharing  via Department networks that are developed and updated in consultation  with the Department's experts on privacy, civil rights, and civil  liberties.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure.   In closing, with the emergence of lone wolves and small terrorist  cells, the decentralized terrorist threat in the United States poses  serious threats to local communities across our country from big cities  to small towns. Whether the target is a church in South Carolina, a  Sikh temple in Wisconsin, a mosque in Illinois, a synagogue in New  York, a concert venue in Las Vegas, or a school in Florida, State and  local law enforcement need a clear line of communication with Federal  agencies. As such, DHS must ensure that fusion centers throughout the  country have access to the resources--including personnel, training,  and access to information--necessary to keep the U.S. homeland safe and  secure.   H.R. 5079 directs DHS to do just that by requiring the Department to  have a strategy to enhance engagement with fusion centers and provide  fusion center personnel. Additionally, H.R. 5079 would ensure that DHS'  information-sharing policies include strong privacy and civil liberty  safeguards. I, therefore, encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5079.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5131, the Surface  Transportation Security Improvement Act of 2018.   Mr. Speaker, the Nation's surface transportation systems are central  to Americans' daily life. Subways, buses, trains, and pipelines move  millions of people and goods every day. Given their criticality, it is  no surprise that terrorists have targeted these systems for attack. In  recent years, attacks overseas have proven lethal, even more so, on  average, than attacks against aviation. In December 2017, the threat  against these systems hit home when a would-be attacker detonated a  bomb within New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal subway station.   My bill, H.R. 5131, would require the Department of Homeland Security  to take meaningful steps to address this emerging threat. First, it  would require TSA to take a more comprehensive approach to  transportation threats when it comes to assessing risk and setting  strategies and priorities. Second, it would require TSA to take a hard  look at integrating new technologies and security measures into mass  transit and other surface transportation systems.   Importantly, H.R. 5131 also would require DHS to assess cyber threats  posed by foreign technologies and to disseminate best practices for  securing transportation systems against vehicle-based attacks, such as  the truck attack we witnessed in New York City last October.   Finally, it would require TSA to develop a risk-based strategy for  its surface inspectors and answer to Congress for its failure to issue  long overdue regulations that are required by the Implementing  Recommendations of the  9/11 Commission Act of 2007.   Consideration of H.R. 5131 today is timely, given the cuts to surface  transportation security programs proposed by the President in both the  fiscal year 2018 and 2019 budgets.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure to improve  surface transportation security.   In closing, as we have seen around the world, the threats to surface  transportation systems are real and evolving. A major attack on any one  system could be devastating and result in significant loss of life. My  bill will push TSA to increase and enhance its efforts to secure these  critical systems.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this. I  appreciate the support from my colleague and the support from Mr.  Katko.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4467, the Strengthening  Aviation Security Act of 2018.   Mr. Speaker, it has been over 16 years since the September 11  terrorist attacks. Since that time, our transportation security systems  have evolved in a number of ways, from the creation of the TSA to the  hardening of cockpit doors. An important change to security has been  the evolution of the Federal Air Marshal Service. Federal air marshals  are armed law enforcement officers who are deployed on domestic and  international passenger flights to protect passengers and crew against  terrorist attacks.   On 9/11, the FAA employed a small number of Federal air marshals to  serve as in-flight security on a small percentage of flights. After 9/ 11, the Federal Air Marshal Service expanded rapidly; and, in 2005, it  was transferred to the TSA, where it operates today.   Today, air marshals contribute to aviation security by deploying on  many domestic and international flights. They also help secure surface  transportation systems and public airport areas as major participants  in the TSA's Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response--or VIPR-- teams.   To ensure the continued effectiveness of the air marshals, H.R. 4467  requires the TSA to ensure that officers are deployed in a risk-based  manner that is focused on maximizing effectiveness. As amended, the  bill also ensures risk-based seating of air marshals on passenger  aircraft to enable officers to respond effectively to security threats.   This is a sensible bill to improve aviation security, and I urge my  colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, the threats to aviation continue to require constant  vigilance and effective security solutions.   The Federal Air Marshal Service does not have unlimited budgetary  resources to deploy marshals on every passenger flight. As such,  resources must be allocated based on risk. H.R. 4467 will help ensure  that the TSA does just that, and I encourage my colleagues to support  it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   