 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Walden and Ranking  Member Pallone for their leadership in working with us on a bipartisan  basis for this important package.   We all know the stories and have heard the stories time and again  from our businesses, from our schools, from families visiting us, and  we know this epidemic is hitting everybody. So I appreciate the  opportunity to join together with my colleagues today to address this  important issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 5473, the  Better Pain  [[Page H5031]]  Management Through Better Data Act, and I would like to thank  Representative Ben Ray Lujan for joining me in making this a bipartisan  effort as an introduction as it went through committee, and now here as  we are continuing to address this on the floor.   Opioid addiction we know is plaguing our communities all across the  country, creating victims, devastating families, and creating economic  ruin. Long-term solutions to combating this crisis depend upon safety  with existing therapies and deployment of novel next generation  therapies.   We need to ensure the policy and regulatory environment allows for  greater adoption and use of less addictive treatments. This legislation  will facilitate better clinical data on nonopioid alternatives so that  doctors have more prescribing options and fewer opioids are prescribed  in the first place, lowering the risk of addiction.   The FDA is responsible for protecting public health by ensuring the  safety and efficacy of drugs, biological products, and medical devices.  While there may be alternatives to opioids for certain patients and  conditions, there is a need for additional clarity and flexibility  regarding what drug developers need to do to help reduce the need for  opioids as part of the pain treatment regimen.   This bill directs the FDA to have public meetings and issue guidance  to industry, addressing data collection and labeling for medical  products that reduce pain and may replace, delay, or reduce the use of  oral opioids. This is one more effort to remove the barriers to  investment and unleash the full potential of biomedical expertise to  address this growing crisis.   This is the primary reason, I am pleased to say, our bill has the  strong support of the Biotechnology Innovation Organization, also known  as BIO, which represents more than 1,000 businesses,  academic institutions, State biotechnology centers, and related  entities.    The experts believe this bill will stimulate renewed research and  development, and more effectively prevent abuse. This is a step in the  right direction and allows doctors to better meet their commitment to  their most vulnerable patients by giving them both diverse and better  options for nonaddictive treatments for pain.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the House today for addressing this issue, and  really the ability to work together and find these solutions that we  know are plaguing so many of our families. Everywhere we go we are all  hearing about these stories, and I am heartened today we have joined  together to provide more solutions.   