 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended.   Mr. Speaker, I want to echo all the concerns that my colleagues have  expressed with the underlying bill here today. This bill would add  unnecessary obstacles to inhibit the ability of the Federal Government  to protect the health, the safety, and the security of the American  people.   I understand that Democrats and Republicans have traditionally  disagreed on the values of those protections, even though the public  overwhelmingly supports them, whether it is keeping our air and our  water clean, guarding workers against exploitation, or so many other  things. But I would hope that one area where we can agree on is that  this Congress, this government, should do everything possible to  protect the safety of our children and those most vulnerable without  adding unnecessary burdens like those mandated in this bill.   Let me connect the dots for the public to know. As it stands, Mr.  Speaker, this bill would just add more hoops for Federal agencies to  jump through and, actually, would make them less responsive to  addressing problems like sexual assault and domestic violence.   The amendment contained in this motion would fix this problem by  exempting from the bill's additional requirements any agency action  that is meant to, and I want to be real clear:   One, protect students and children from someone who has been  convicted of a sexual offense against a minor. We have far too many  cases before us.   Two, prevent domestic violence against a family member or an intimate  partner. Mr. Speaker, I have counseled far too many women who have been  abused.   Three, prevent rape or sexual assault.   Four, require criminal backgrounds checks for school or other  employees.   Since the last time this Chamber considered this bill, we have seen a  reckoning in this country when it comes to sexual assault, with the  rise of the Me Too movement, millions of women, or a half million women  right here in Washington, D.C., on our Capitol Grounds marching. This  issue is in the forefront of national discussion, and for good reasons,  Mr. Speaker.   No aspect of our society, including this very Congress, has been  immune.  [[Page H6190]]  As the dialog on this issue continues, we should not hamstring Federal  efforts to address what is so clearly a systemic problem in this  country.   This amendment would also cover the issue of human trafficking. I am  very proud of my bipartisan work that I have done on trafficking, and  some of my most stalwart partners on this issue come from the other  side of the aisle. I would hope that they, too, would recognize that we  need the ability to institute the strongest possible protections.   Earlier this year, Mr. Speaker, the House overwhelmingly passed a new  law that has had an immediate impact on stemming online trafficking. As  successful as the law has been, traffickers continue to adapt and find  ways to exploit our children and the most at risk. This bill will make  it harder for Federal agencies to respond to these new realities.   There is no cost-benefit analysis that can properly weigh the  importance of protecting children who have been trafficked, who have  been sexually assaulted or abused. There is no congressionally mandated  report or stakeholder consultation that could reach any conclusion  other than we should do everything possible to prevent domestic  violence.   On behalf of all of those who have been victims of domestic violence  or sexual assault, or for those who we can prevent from becoming  victims, I urge, Mr. Speaker, my colleagues today to support this  amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   