 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss the positive impact the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will have on Iowa farmers.   Of course, our Iowa agricultural economy is really important, and  those men and women who are serving as farmers, ranchers, and growers  in the State of Iowa mean the world to me, coming from a farm my family  had in Southwest Iowa.   We all understand this has been a very challenging time for farmers  in our rural communities. The community I come from in Southwest Iowa  has just 10,000 people in our county. Many of them have faced the  challenges of the economic downturn. Since their peaks in 2012, corn  prices have declined by 60 percent and soybean prices have declined by  47 percent. My neighbors are hurting, folks. Farm income has nearly  been cut in half since 2013.   A lot of our producers are hurting, especially our young and  beginning farmers who have gotten their start just in maybe the last 10  years or so, but, fortunately for our farmers, our ranchers, and our  growers, tax relief is on its way. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will  provide sweeping tax cuts for farmers and rural communities, allowing  our producers to keep more of those hard-earned dollars.   About 95 percent of farms are organized as passthrough businesses,  such as sole proprietorships, partnerships, and S corps. These  businesses are taxed under individual tax rules and will benefit from  lower tax rates for every income bracket. On top of that, they will see  significant relief through a new 20-percent deduction on passthrough  business income. The law also provides relief from the costly  individual mandate which forced many farmers to choose between buying  an expensive ObamaCare plan through their State exchange or being  fined.    Now, just a couple of years ago, I remember a very intense  conversation I had with a beginning farmer in Northeast Iowa. When he  was purchasing his insurance through the State exchange, the cost had  more than doubled. He was shaking he was so upset about it, and he  explained to me the additional cost of that individual policy was his  truck payment. There was no room in his budget for the additional cost  of that insurance policy so he had to make that choice: Do I purchase  through the individual exchange or do I make my truck payment?  Fortunately, within this bill, we have that relief. He can make that  choice, and the choice is his on whether he makes that truck payment  and forgoes the insurance or whether now he can do without that type of  insurance and not be fined because he was too poor to afford it.   In addition, the bill dramatically expands section 179 expensing and  allows 5 years of 100 bonus depreciation. Both of these changes will  foster much needed investment in farms throughout Iowa.   The law also preserves a number of important tax provisions for  farmers, including the interest deduction, cash accounting, and the use  of like-kind exchanges for property.   Last, but certainly not least, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act doubles the  Federal estate tax exemption while preserving the stepped-up basis. The  death tax can have a devastating impact on family farms. Over 90  percent of farm assets cannot be sold easily without losing value.  Especially as we continue to experience a downturn in that ag economy,  family farmers are sometimes left with no choice but to sell land or  the equipment they use to farm that land when they are forced to pay  that tax.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a big step in the right direction for  agriculture. I am thankful to the President for his leadership and to  my colleagues in the Senate and the House for helping get this long- needed bill done. On behalf of agriculture, thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   