 Mr. President, today I rise to voice my support for the  brave men and women of America's Immigration and Customs Enforcement,  also known as ICE. Unfortunately, a resolution that would have shown  this body's unanimous support for these courageous individuals was  blocked.   While the Border Patrol has the important mission of maintaining  security at our borders, ICE agents have the critical mission of  enforcing immigration laws inside the United States. These two work  hand in hand. Our Nation cannot have border security without enforcing  our laws inside communities, and we cannot have secure communities  without enforcing our laws at our borders.   The critical mission of ICE goes far beyond just immigration  enforcement. These folks are on the frontlines of our homeland  security.   Here is just a short list of the types of activities ICE is involved  in: one, investigating and combating drug smuggling, pretty important;  stopping human trafficking; preventing gang-related crimes; and working  with other law enforcement entities to stop criminal and terrorist  networks from operating.   Iowa, along with the rest of the country, has been gripped by an  opioid crisis that puts our people and our safety at risk.  Additionally, we continue to have a very grave methamphetamine issue  that threatens the core of many of our already struggling rural  communities.   We need ICE to help stop the flow of these drugs into Iowa's  communities, our schools, our workplaces, and to our children and our  families. In 2017 alone, ICE enforcement and removal operations seized  nearly 1 million pounds of narcotics--1 million pounds of narcotics  seized by ICE. Abolishing ICE would turn the flow of illegal drugs  across the border from a stream into a monsoon.   I also implore anyone challenging the need for ICE to look at the  horrendous toll of human trafficking: young and innocent women and men,  boys and girls used as human pawns, smuggled across the border with  hopes of a better life, forced into prostitution or worse--raped,  beaten, subjected to sexual diseases and stripped of all innocence and  dignity.   Sadly, human trafficking is a major issue in Iowa. In 2016, for  instance, Des Moines was identified as one of the country's top 100  human trafficking locations. That information came to us from our good  friends at Polaris, which is an anti-trafficking organization.   Human traffickers often exploit our immigration laws to transport  their victims, and our ICE agents are the ones who help to stop them  and to stop their illicit activities.   Every day, 24/7, 365 days a year, ICE agents are on the frontlines.  They are working to dismantle human trafficking networks and protect  our most vulnerable.   I urge my colleagues to reconsider their objections and to support  not only the resolution but to support those officers and personnel who  carry out the vital mission of Immigration and Customs Enforcement in  order to ensure the safety and security of all Americans.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   