 Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to clarify.   I firmly disagree with my colleague on the other side of the aisle  who just talked about Social Security and Medicare. In fact, the  economic statistics that have recently come back have talked about how  the Medicare trust fund and how Social Security are actually doing  better since we did this historic tax cut bill because more people are  working. They are earning more money. They are paying into those  programs, and those programs are more secure into the future because we  did historic tax reform.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the Protecting Family and  Small Business Tax Cuts Act--a key component of tax reform 2.0. I  strongly support this legislation, because I worked on it for many  years, but also because of the stories I hear across South Dakota every  day.   I had, several months ago, a single mom of two kids come up to me.  She is a bank teller. She told me that because of tax reform that her  check is $80 bigger every 2 weeks. That meant that her 10-year-old son  could get new basketball shoes this year instead of going out and  trying to find some that were used from another student who had  outgrown them.   I also had another woman from Platte, South Dakota, contact my office  and tell me that because of tax reform and tax cuts--her family doesn't  usually get much money. They don't make a lot of money. Their wages  aren't great. But because of that bill, they have more money in their  pockets today. It has made a huge difference in paying their day-to-day  bills.   Mr. Speaker, there are dozens of other stories that I could tell you  from folks across the State of South Dakota of the benefits of tax  reform. Our energy costs have gone down. Our utility bills have gone  down. Companies have paid increasing wages for families. They have also  paid out bonuses. The tax cuts have been life changing for many in our  State.   With that passage and with the passage of this bill today, we will  have the opportunity to ensure the upward economic trajectory we have  experienced because of a permanent culture of growth and stability that  is rooted in the Tax Code.   So tax reform 2.0 is going to make sure that with the benefits  families are enjoying today they will still be able to enjoy them long  into the future. While no tax plan is perfect in everybody's eyes, I am  optimistic that this package today will have a huge benefit for the  people of South Dakota. Our Tax Code should help people, not punish  them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of my  legislation today.   