 Mr. President, I rise today to voice my strong  opposition to the Trump administration's latest move to override the  will of Washington State's citizens--our fishing families, our small  business owners, our environmentalists, and our outdoor enthusiasts--by  opening our coastal waters to harmful oil and gas drilling.   The continental waters on the west coast are one of our State's  richest and most cherished national resources, sustaining communities  along the Pacific Northwest for centuries and helping to define our  regional culture for generations. It would be hard to overstate just  how important Washington's coastal waters are to our local way of life.   Many of us count on our coasts for our food or work. Washington State  coasts are home to numerous seafood- and tourism-dependent communities,  and they support a $50 billion maritime economy and nearly 200,000  maritime-related jobs--not to mention countless families and travelers  who are seeking outdoor recreation and flock to our shores throughout  the year to experience the natural beauty and sport of our iconic  shorelines.   To put it simply, Washingtonians don't take our healthy coasts for  granted. We know that keeping our shores pristine isn't just about  leisure and scenic views. Preserving our coastal waters is a critical  factor in promoting a healthy regional ecosystem and an economy that  support vital jobs and industries, fish and wildlife, and public health  opportunities that many of us--our families, friends, and neighbors-- rely on.   So I, too, was deeply disappointed but, ultimately, unsurprised when  Interior Secretary Zinke announced the Department's plan to ignore the  existing oil and gas leasing program that was just approved a few years  ago and instead moved to draft and implement a new program that would  allow offshore oil and gas drilling in nearly all of our Nation's  continental waters, including our coastal waters off of Washington  State.   Despite decades of factfinding and public input that already  established the need to protect ecologically sensitive areas like our  coasts, it appears, once again, that President Trump and his Cabinet  have decided to prioritize Big Oil and the relentless pursuit of profit  over the interests of Washington State families and with virtually no  regard to what their one-sided policy proposals may mean for our  environment, for our public health, or for our economy.   To add insult to injury, I was even more appalled when it was  reported just a few days later that Secretary Zinke was planning to  remove Florida's waters from consideration after  [[Page S638]]  meeting with their Governor and hearing their concerns. I will leave it  to others to wonder what exactly persuaded Secretary Zinke to remove  Florida from that list, but I can't say I was stunned when that  courtesy was not extended to Washington State, even after our Governor  made the exact same request.   Later, while I was on my way back home from the other Washington and  concerned about the potentially damaging impacts of Secretary Zinke's  decision on our Washington State ecosystem, I decided to ask my  followers on Twitter to join me in sending a message to the Interior  Department and tweet photos of some of Washington State's many  important and pristine coastal areas. I just have to say that the  response was overwhelming.   Within hours, my timeline was filled with photos of beaches and  coasts all along Washington State's shoreline, from Ruby Beach to  Bellingham Bay to Olympic National Park to Orcas Island--photos of  painted sunsets on the Puget Sound, the majestic calm of Cape Flattery,  and of rainbows arching across the Bell Island shore, photos of  children running across the beaches of Kalaloch, and photos of  fishermen unloading their haul in Salmon Bay. I even received photos  from other coastal areas in the Pacific Northwest. They were all from  residents who want their pristine shorelines preserved, and they were  eager to raise their voices to safeguard our coasts.   I was inspired as I scrolled through this growing and beautiful  collection of photos that illustrated the significance of our coasts,  not just to our State's economy and environment but to our shared  culture and identity. Our shores are where we fish, swim, exercise, and  work, but also where our wildlife roams, our children play, and where  we make lasting memories with our loved ones.   It is not too late for the Interior Department to reverse its  misguided decision to expand offshore oil and gas drilling and instead  focus on maintaining and strengthening existing regulations protecting  this country's continental waters.   I really hope Secretary Zinke and officials at the Interior  Department finally hear loud and clear what Washingtonians have been  saying for decades--that the extreme environmental and ecological  dangers posed by offshore oil and gas drilling are too great a risk for  Washington State families. I hope they move quickly to reschedule the  public meeting they were supposed to hold yesterday in Tacoma, so  people from Washington can share their concerns with the Department  directly.   I want to remind my colleagues and everyone in our country who cares  about our environment that this fight is far from over. As we have  learned over the last year, it is important that we continue to make  our voices heard again and again to ensure that this administration  backs down from this reckless proposal and puts the interest of  Washington State families first.   As a voice for Washington State here in the Senate, I am going to  continue fighting against the Trump administration's efforts to  leverage our environment to boost Big Oil's bottom line, and I know I  will never stop standing with our families, workers, and small  businesses to protect our coasts today and for future generations.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I wish to commend my colleagues who are  sounding the alarm about Russia's interference in U.S. elections and  who have worked tirelessly for months on their respective committees to  get the answers that Americans deserve and give the confidence  Americans need to know that their government is committed to preventing  such interference from ever happening again.   This work is incredibly important to people around the country and in  my home State of Washington. I have heard from countless people who  deeply love this country but fear for its institutions, and they are  concerned about the integrity of elections.    Here are the facts. More than a year ago, U.S. intelligence agencies  concluded that Russia interfered in the last Presidential election,  calling Russia's meddling a ``significant escalation in directness,  level of activity, and scope of effort'' compared to previous attempts.   That is not my opinion. It is not a partisan statement. It is a fact.  Even more troubling, they are already back at it. We know this because  our President's own handpicked CIA Director said last week that, ``of  course,'' Russia is trying to meddle in this year's midterm elections.   That is exactly why this Congress approved sanctions months ago in  order to punish Russia and show them the steep price of doing this  again. If there is one issue that we should all be able to agree on, it  is that no one should get away with such a devious attack on our  democracy. But, somehow, while the public is demanding action, the  White House has gone silent, refusing to implement sanctions for  reasons President Trump can't or will not explain.   This same President, who has no problems speaking or tweeting on any  other topic under the sun, clams up when it comes to Russia or he tries  to change the subject or he launches a political attack. This same  President, who promised to put ``America first,'' has failed to live up  to the most basic duty of defending our elections and enforcing  congressional actions to punish Russian meddling.   The same President who promised law and order has been lashing out  against a special counsel investigation, with a campaign to discredit  our agencies of law and order by criticizing the men and women of our  Nation's top law enforcement agencies, firing or threatening to fire  those who stand up to him, and sowing doubt about the media that dares  to report the facts.  [[Page S642]]    Let's remember that the Putin regime that President Trump is so fond  of is one that has invaded and annexed part of Ukraine and continues to  incite war in Ukraine, is propping up the murderous Assad regime and is  every bit as responsible for those heinous acts as Assad himself, and  constantly tries to instigate conflict by threatening our troops around  the world.   Perhaps the most disappointing piece of this is that President Trump  is now not acting alone. He gets help from Members of Congress who join  in partisan attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice. Just think  about that. We have a President and Members of the Republican Party who  are more interested in helping a foreign power get away with  interfering in our elections than allowing an investigation to run its  course.   It is simply stunning how far some of my Republican colleagues would  go to undermine the special counsel and congressional investigations in  order to score political points. This doesn't just put them at odds  with the public in the short term. This has long-term consequences for  the men and women who protect our country from harm. A few days ago, a  former supervisory special agent with the FBI who served as a  counterterrorism investigator and special assistant to the Bureau's  Director explained why he was now resigning from the FBI in order to  speak publicly.   He said his resignation was painful but ``the alternative of  remaining quiet while the bureau is tarnished for political gain is  impossible.'' He said he worries that the damage from attacks on the  integrity of the FBI could last generations.   There are a number of things this Congress must commit to. First of  all, we must ensure that Special Counsel Robert Mueller stays on the  job and continues to follow the facts wherever they may lead, without  threat or intimidation and with the resources he needs. We already know  the President talked about firing Mr. Mueller last year. Well, the  President should be on notice: Firing Mueller is not an option, and the  same goes for trying to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.   I also want to be clear. Doling out a Presidential pardon to try to  cover up any collusion or obstruction of justice is unacceptable and  will be met with furious resistance across the country.   This is about our elections, our national security, and it is about  our standing in the world. No one--no one--should stand in the way of a  thorough investigation. In the coming days, weeks, and months, Congress  must work to fulfill its duty to the American people by ensuring the  integrity of our elections and safeguarding investigations by allowing  them to run their course free from political pressure.   The question is whether the Trump administration and all Members of  Congress will choose to act in the best interests of our country and  our democracy or whether they will continue to act out of self- preservation and shortsighted political gain. The world is watching.   I yield the floor.   