 Mr. President, I want to start by thanking my colleague  and chairman, Senator Moran, for his very kind remarks and for his  leadership on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee.   As he says, it has been a great partnership this year. It has  involved give and take. We both have compromised. Neither of us has  gotten everything we wanted for the appropriations, for the committee,  for our States, or for the country, but I think we made a commitment  that I think has been shared by the Appropriations Committee as a whole  that we were going to get back to regular order of passing these  appropriations bills, of funding the government on a reasonable  timetable that people could count on. That is what this bill  represents, and I applaud Senator Moran and all of the staff, the  majority and the minority staff, who have worked with us to get this  done.   I also want to congratulate, as you did, Senator Moran, Chairman  Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy on moving all 12 appropriation bills out  of committee in a bipartisan manner. Nine of those bills have passed  the Senate by now. Three are already on the President's desk, and the  Senate today will pass a conference report with two more of those bills  and a continuing funding resolution. We expect that those bills will  become law before the end of the fiscal year on September 30.   This is the first time since I have been in the Senate--I started in  2009--when we will actually see the bills that were passed out of the  Appropriations Committee. We have seen them taken up on the floor, and  we are going to see them pass and get signed into law by the President.  [[Page S6205]]    Now, unfortunately, for the work that we have done on CJS, the CR  that we are going to be acting on today includes the funding for the  departments and agencies in the Commerce-Justice-Science bill, among  others, but like Senator Moran, I believe that passing the short-term  CR today should not keep us from working to pass full-year funding for  CJS. That is why we are here on the floor today urging that the Senate  continue to take up and pass the CJS appropriations bill. I am sure  that is what Chairman Shelby would support and what Vice Chairman Leahy  would also support if they joined us on the floor.   If you have any doubts about why what is in the CJS bill is so  important and why we should take it up, all you have to do is turn on  the TV or have watched the television coverage over the last 4 days of  Hurricane Florence as it has hit the Carolina coast. It has caused  devastation. It has caused deadly flooding. I know that we all  empathize and support the people of the Carolinas with what they are  dealing with with Hurricane Florence, but we have been able to predict  the course of that hurricane because of the National Weather Service  hurricane forecasters. They got a lot right about Florence's track, and  the forecasters didn't do it alone. They need models to track wind  intensity, to track storm surge, to track the direction of hurricanes,  and we need researchers who are constantly working to improve those  models and to make the forecasts more accurate. Those predictions rely  on satellite imagery. They rely on direct measurements from the  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and hurricane hunter  aircraft, and all of those programs and initiatives are funded in the  Commerce-Justice-Science appropriations bill. That is why we need to  make sure the whole bill actually gets passed and signed into law  ultimately.   The other thing that is in the CJS bill that I think all of us share  in the importance of in a bipartisan way is the support that it  provides to address the opioid epidemic. This is an issue that is  particularly important to us in New Hampshire, where we have the second  highest overdose death rate from opioids in the country, but it is  important to the entire country because from 2015 to 2017, the number  of deaths from drug overdoses has risen nearly 40 percent, from 52,000  in 2015 to 72,000 in 2017. That rise was driven in large part by  continuing increases in deaths from synthetic opioids, such as  fentanyl, as well as heroin. Of those 72,000 overdose deaths, 30,000  are estimated to be from fentanyl.   Last year, the U.S. Surgeon General reported that 21 million  Americans have a substance use disorder. That is far more people than  are affected by cancer, but only 1 in 10 is receiving any kind of  treatment. That is one of the things that is so important in this CJS  bill, because it would provide funding to State and local governments  and organizations working on the frontlines, for law enforcement, for  treatment and recovery, and for those resources that help our  communities deal with the opioid and fentanyl crisis.   The bill also continues the COPS anti-heroin task force grant  program, despite efforts by the administration to discontinue that very  effective law enforcement program. I want to enact the whole CJS bill  into law because I don't want to lose these critical increases in  funding that are going to support people in New Hampshire and across  the country who are dealing with substance use disorders.   Senator Moran mentioned trade and what is in this bill that is  related to trade. Our subcommittee has held two hearings on the  administration's trade policies in the last month or so, and I think it  is fair to say that at these hearings there has been bipartisan concern  about the impact of the administration's tariffs on manufacturers, on  farmers, and on small businesses. I am hearing from small businesses in  New Hampshire about what they are seeing as the result of these  tariffs.   While I don't support those tariffs, I think it is important that we  make sure that the Department of Commerce has the resources that are  included in our bill to quickly and fairly evaluate and decide on  American manufacturers' requests for exemption from those tariffs so  that we can continue to promote American exports abroad.   Also, to keep the American economy going strong, the bill supports  strong investments in research and development at the National Science  Foundation, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and  especially at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.   Again, my colleague mentioned NASA and the breakthroughs that we are  seeing at NASA that are helping to drive innovation. This scientific  innovation creates new discoveries that lead to new industries and to  new American jobs. That is good for this country, and we need to make  sure that the funding that is in this bill actually gets passed out of  the Senate and the Congress before we get to the next appropriations  process for 2020.   Instead, today, what we are going to do is to vote to put the  agencies that are funded by CJS on autopilot until December through a  continuing resolution. They will spend the same amount on programs and  initiatives on the same items with no adjustment under the CR. We know  that businesses don't operate this way, families don't operate this  way, and the U.S. Government shouldn't operate this way.    Senator Moran and I are going to continue to argue that we need to  pass this bill. I would urge the leaders here in the Senate and our  leaders on the Appropriations Committee to bring the full bill to the  floor. Let's have a robust debate. Let's pass the fiscal year 2019  Commerce-Justice-Science bill.   Thank you, Mr. Chairman.   I yield the floor.   