 Mr. President, I come to the floor today for two  reasons. Before discussing the nomination at hand--John Ring for the  National Labor Relations Board--I do want to take a couple of minutes  to mark Equal Pay Day.   Today, it takes women more than 3 additional months to make what  their male colleagues made in 2017. In the 21st century, there is  absolutely no excuse for the reality that women are still being paid  less than men for the same work. It is wrong, it is harmful, and it has  to change.   What is even more unacceptable is that for women of color, the pay  gap is even worse. African-American women, working full time, only make  63 cents for every dollar their White male colleagues make, and on  average, Latinas earn 54 cents for every dollar their White male  colleagues make.   The wage gap doesn't hurt just women; it hurts families and our  economy. Women are actually the sole or cobreadwinner in two-thirds of  families with children. Families increasingly rely on women's wages to  help make ends meet--to buy groceries, pay the bills, or pay for  childcare.   In order to help women and all working families get ahead, I am very  proud to be a sponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act. The Paycheck  Fairness Act provides transparency and support for women who are being  paid less than their male colleagues. It protects women from  retaliation for discussing salary information with their coworkers, it  allows women to join together in class action lawsuits, and it  prohibits employers from seeking salary history, so the cycle of pay  discrimination cannot continue.   As President Trump now continues to roll back worker protections and  prioritize corporate profits over working families' wages, I think it  is time for Congress to act and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act because  workers do deserve to be paid fairly, end of story, no matter their  gender.   Mr. President, I want to turn to the nomination before the Senate  today, the nomination of John Ring for the National Labor Relations  Board.   First, I have to object to the unprecedented nature in which we are  jamming this nominee through.   It is standard practice that Board nominees are always confirmed in  pairs--one Democrat and one Republican. We do this to keep the Board as  fair and balanced as possible in hopes that workers have a fair hearing  when corporations violate their rights or bargain in bad faith, because  the Board is the only place to which workers can turn to enforce their  rights under the National Labor Relations Act. Workers cannot sue in  court. So I must ask, why is this nominee being forced through without  also filling the Democratic seat that is about to be vacated,  especially at a time when so many other nominees have been waiting  significantly longer--some more than 6 months--to be confirmed? I have  to believe that it is because special corporate interests are putting  immense pressure on my colleagues across the aisle to confirm someone  who will advocate for corporations, no matter the cost to workers.   Right now, the Board's credibility is damaged because another Trump- appointed Board member, William Emanuel, chose to cast aside his ethics  pledge and commitment to me by participating in Board actions that  would directly benefit his former employer. Because of those actions,  Mr. Emanuel--the Board's independent watchdog--opened an investigation,  and because there was a clear conflict of interest, the Board was  forced to vacate the decision that overruled Obama-era worker  protections.   With a cloud of ethics controversies surrounding the current Board  members, it is clear to me why corporations and special interests are  trying to get Mr. Ring confirmed so quickly. Mr. Ring has spent his  career as a corporate lawyer representing the interests of companies,  not workers. He has opposed the Board's reforms that stop companies  from unnecessarily delaying union elections. He has encouraged the  Board to undermine long-established rights, including the right for  workers to have coworker representation in disciplinary interviews. I  find it difficult to believe he will advocate now for workers, as this  Board desperately needs to be doing.   This administration has spent more than a year undermining workers'  rights and making it easier for corporations to take advantage of them,  and the Board, under Republican control, has been leading that charge  by ignoring longstanding practices in a rush to overturn precedents  that protect workers.   At a time when corporations in this country and the richest among us  are getting richer and working families are left behind, it is so  critical today that the Board be independent and able to advocate for  workers. Now is not the time to break precedent and vote on a nominee  without the Democratic pair.   For all these reasons, I will be voting no on this nominee. I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   (Mr. JOHNSON assumed the Chair.)   