 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise in support of this bipartisan amendment, which I am proud to  colead with the Congressman from California (Mr. Knight), the  Congressman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick), and the Congressman  from Nebraska (Mr. Bacon).   This amendment would provide additional support for two important and  successful initiatives overseen by the U.S. Small Business  Administration.   First, it would increase funding for SBA Women's Business Centers by  $600,000. This amendment builds on a successful floor amendment I  offered to last year's bill, which boosted funding for WBCs by $1  million.   If our amendment is adopted, the House would provide a total of $19  million for WBCs, a substantial funding level that I will work to  retain when the House and the Senate meet to reconcile their respective  bills.   There are more than 100 Women's Business Centers located across the  country, each operated by a local nonprofit organization that receives  financial support from SBA and others. These WBCs provide business  training, counseling, and mentoring geared to women, especially those  who are socially and economically disadvantaged.   Every WBC tailors its services to the specific needs of the community  in which it is located, but all provide training in finance,  management, and marketing. They also help clients utilize SBA's suite  of capital, counseling, and contracting programs.   My central Florida district is home to many talented entrepreneurs,  and, yet, it currently lacks a WBC. If this amendment is adopted, it  will increase the number of WBCs that can be established nationwide and  increase the chances that a WBC will be established in the Orlando  area. This would help many of my constituents start or grow their small  businesses and, in doing so, further strengthen our local economy.   In addition, our amendment would increase funding for SBA's Veterans  Outreach programs by $400,000, from $12.3 million to $12.7 million.   Each year, SBA uses these resources to serve more than 200,000  veterans and their families, including service-disabled veterans. SBA  provides veterans with business training and mentorship, and helps them  obtain loans, apply for Federal contracts, and cultivate connections  with commercial supply chains.   My support for these investments in our veterans is rooted in the  belief that servicemembers have fought for our Nation, and, we, as a  Nation, must fight for them, both while they are in the military and  once they transition to civilian life.   Our amendment does not increase the total amount of founding  appropriated by Congress in the bill, and it enhances support for WBCs  and veterans programs without reducing support for any other  priorities.  [[Page H6535]]    I thank the Rules Committee for allowing the House to consider this  bipartisan amendment. I respectfully ask my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to support it.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   