 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about our wonderful  colleague, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, and who I was first privileged to meet  when I was a staffer here in Congress in the 1990s.   She has gracefully served the people of Florida's 27th District since  1989, and she embodies the type of success story that people think of  when they think of people, wherever they come from all over the world,  who come here to the United States.   At just 8 years old, she escaped the brutal regime of Fidel Castro  with her family to come to America in pursuit of a better life, to a  place where she and her family could find success, and certainly they  have found that. But she has never forgotten where she came from and  always fought for the oppressed all around the world and those less  fortunate.   So she was not only the first Hispanic woman in Congress who fought  for all of the things that we have been illuminating here, but she was  the first--she had many firsts here, but the first chairwoman of the  Foreign Affairs Committee, where she was able to take that experience  that she had at 8 years old and now, really, bring it all around the  world and to be able to bring that kind of heart that we know Ileana  has.    Every bit of her heart is matched by a wonderful sense of humor. And  you know when you see Ileana on the floor, or wherever you see her  anywhere, she is cheerleading for everybody. She is fighting for  everybody, and she is always happy. She is here with her grandchildren,  and she is just a joyful person. We will miss that great smile of hers.   She has been a mentor here to so many women. When she was first here  in Congress, there were not many Republican women; and certainly as the  first Hispanic woman, she was the first Republican Hispanic woman,  also. So she was a great mentor for those of us who were staffers at  the time, which is how I was first privileged to meet her. And she has  taken this calling to heart as a public servant and has always done the  best for her constituents.   She is a woman of great honor, a devoted wife, mother, and  grandmother. She has changed this Congress and our colleagues for the  better. She is someone for whom we join together in the Ileana Ros- Lehtinen fan club. And there are, I think, pretty close to 435 Members  you could have for that fan club.   We will miss her insight, her intellect, her graciousness, and, as I  said, her sense of humor and her passion for representing her  constituents, representing the oppressed, and representing human rights  all around the world.   Ileana, it has been a pleasure to serve with you--first as a staffer,  now, for these past 3\1/2\ years as a Member of Congress where you were  such a great mentor, and all of us know you will continue to serve your  community even when you leave here in Congress. We know that is in your  heart, and we know you will always be a woman who gives to others, and  we are so proud to have been able to serve here with you in Congress.  God bless.   