 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the  recognition, and I thank him for his efforts on this.   Mr. Speaker, it really is a pleasure to come here today to talk about  the RAY BAUM'S Act. We have, for so long, talked about the need to push  this through to completion, and Ray served as our staff director and  really helped the committee and our subcommittee push this forward to  the point that we could say: Yes, we have the FCC reauthorization done.   As Mr. Pallone said, it has been 28 years since this agency has been  reauthorized. It is certainly an honor to say we have done this in  Ray's name, and we have done it in a bipartisan way.   There are so many things that are included in this bill, and one of  the provisions that is in here is Chairman Walden's FCC reform. Many  times you will hear us talk about needing to bring sunlight to these  agencies, bringing order, and the ability for constituents and citizens  to know what is happening. We have that included in this bill.   We also have provisions that our whip, Steve Scalise--the  Consolidated Reporting Act--has included in this bill. We have  provisions from Ms. Eshoo and from Representative Engel. These are all  bipartisan provisions that you will see included in this legislation.  Mr. Johnson has a provision that is included that will change the way  the inspector general works in this agency so that he truly is an  inspector general who is independent.   So we have worked together in a bipartisan way to do our repack which  deals with our broadcasters and our spectrum to handle MobileNOW, which  has been a priority of the Senate. They could not get it finished. We  have finished that process, and then also the FCC reauthorization.   So I express my gratitude to the committee members, both Democrats  and Republicans, and the staff members from both sides of the dais to  say thank you for the work that is done to bring this bipartisan effort  together to reauthorize this agency to deal with our spectrum repack  and to address the MobileNOW concerns.   