 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding and for her leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence  Act, which will help in capital formation and help our economy grow. I  want to thank Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters for all  their hard work on this bipartisan package, which reflects a great deal  of work by all of us on the Financial Services Committee.   In this package are 22 bills that came through the Capital Markets,  Securities, and Investment Subcommittee on  [[Page H6308]]  which I serve with Chairman Huizenga as ranking member, and I thank him  for his leadership in pushing this through.   This package includes one of my bills, the Family Office Technical  Correction Act, which is a narrowly tailored solution that will allow  family offices to better serve their clients. The bill would clarify  that all family clients of a family office are sophisticated,  accredited investors. This fixes a problem where, if just one family  client of a family office isn't an accredited investor, then the entire  family office can't buy any securities that are limited to accredited  investors, like privately issued stocks or bonds.   The package also includes several other bills that I strongly  support, such as Mr. Himes' Middle Market IPO Underwriting Cost Act.  This bill will require the SEC to study the costs associated with going  public, and not just the regulatory costs that have been studied many  times, but the much higher costs that are paid to the underwriters and  other professionals when a company decides to go public.   Ranking Member Waters also has a bill in this package that would  require the SEC to study and fix a glaring loophole in our insider  trading laws, where company executives can take advantage of a safe  harbor to buy and sell stock in their own company based on material,  nonpublic information.   Finally, the package includes a bill that would provide a badly  needed update to the definition of a sophisticated accredited investor,  which would allow people who can demonstrate that they are  sophisticated in investment matters to qualify as an accredited  investor.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan  package.   