 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume,  and I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30  minutes.   Mr. Speaker, $2 trillion, that is what this GOP Congress added to the  debt last year when they passed their tax scam, $2 trillion that has  been taken away from our children and grandchildren to give tax breaks  to corporations and the very wealthy.   And today, we take up three bills which are estimated to add another  $100 billion. I suppose in comparison to the tax scam, that may be  small potatoes, but this is real spending with no offsets and no effort  to even try to find an offset. When the 115th Congress finally ends, we  will have to put trillions on the Nation's credit card--trillions.   Next year, those of us who may be lucky enough to be back will have  the hard task of digging ourselves out of this hole, this wall of debt  that will have been created by the 115th Congress. We will have new  Members here who will need to deal with the decisions that we are  making here today.   Let me tell you about my experience in having to deal with those very  irresponsible decisions that put us and pushed us into debt.   In 2008, when I was first elected to the State legislature, I was  elected with a wall of debt of $15 billion. My first 30 days in office,  we passed four different budgets, and none of it added up. We simply  couldn't pay our bills. We had charged ourselves to a place that we  could no longer continue.   No one got paid for 6 or 7 months--no one, not the small contractors  doing business with the State of California, not the big contractors,  not our State employees, not even the members of the legislature. As a  matter of fact, I don't come from money, so every month I took a loan  to make my mortgage. And this is where the 115th Congress is leading us  today. There are no easy choices.   Mr. Speaker, this rule makes in order H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access  to Medication and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018. H.R.  6199 claims to restore access to medication and modernizes health  savings accounts. This bill makes minor changes that largely favor  higher income-earning individuals who can afford to set aside that  extra money for things like gym memberships.   This is not, however, the worst bill we have voted on this year. And  some  [[Page H7102]]  of us may end up even voting for it. After all, I support fixes to the  Affordable Care Act. We all do. However, it does not address the  destructive actions by President Trump that have disproportionately  affected low-income families.   After nearly 70 unsuccessful repeal attempts by this Congress, this  administration has, sadly, turned to chipping away at the Affordable  Care Act. President Trump has resorted to undoing key provisions of the  healthcare law without offering any working fixes, which ultimately  puts in jeopardy access to healthcare.   He has eliminated the individual mandate, which alone will increase  premiums by 9 or 10 percent, and he is expanding plans that offer  slimmer benefits and reduce consumer protection, also known as junk  plans, as they cover nothing.   Healthcare plans that can charge you more for being a woman or for  being older or for having a preexisting condition, these plans can also  outright deny coverage to anyone, putting 130 million Americans'  healthcare at risk. Expanding these volatile health plans into the  marketplace will also increase premiums between 1 and 4 percent.   Almost a year ago, the Trump administration announced that they were  canceling cost-sharing reduction payments which helped nearly 6 million  low-income Americans better afford medical services by lowering  deductibles and copayments. This alone caused premiums in 2018 to  increase by 20 percent, all while this majority won't even try to find  a $100 billion offset. Cutting cost-sharing payments increased the  deficit by $200 billion. The administration also recently cut  additional outreach and consumer education dollars to local  organizations by $10 million.   And this is not the first time that they cut these critical dollars.  From the very beginning of this administration, millions of dollars in  outreach, customer assistance and other help and total enrollment time  was cut out. Additionally, we are still waiting on a solution to combat  the rising prescription drug crisis, which was promised by this  administration.   The increasing cost of prescription drugs in combination with the  forecasted increase in medical price inflation will also raise premiums  between 5.7 and 6.5 percent next year.   Earlier this month, President Trump announced yet another sabotage:  that he will not make the $10.4 billion in risk adjustment payments,  which will also increase premiums. These risk adjustment payments  protect consumers by ensuring insurance companies don't cherry-pick  between the healthy and the sick.   It was very telling last week when the Ways and Means Committee  chairman said that GOP lawmakers were exploring a possible legislative  fix to restart the risk adjustment payments that President Trump  abruptly suspended. The House GOP leadership knows the harm President  Trump is causing. Why don't we do something about it today?    The common theme here is an administration consistently undoing key  provisions in our healthcare system, putting Americans' health at risk,  increasing premiums, which fall squarely on the shoulders of our  families and will add billions of dollars to our deficit.   This isn't the Affordable Care Act. This is TrumpCare. This bill is  more of the same. Instead of finding solutions for the families that  need it the most, this bill will add $100 billion to the deficit.   We should be spending our time making positive, meaningful  improvements to our existing healthcare system that ensures millions of  Americans have access to affordable healthcare coverage.   We should be discussing legislation that puts downward pressure on  premiums so families don't have to worry year after year if they will  be able to afford healthcare coverage.   We should be helping to stabilize the marketplace so consumers can  choose from a variety of options that meet their unique family needs.   Instead, today, we are, sadly, wasting time discussing a bill that  fails to address the concerns of millions of Americans.   I am proud to be from California, a State that stands up for their  residents to ensure that they have access to healthcare coverage. In  fact, California's comprehensive outreach and marketing program was  credited with lowering premiums by 6 to 8 percent--real money.  California is proof that effective advertising and outreach can  increase enrollment, expand coverage, stabilize risk pools, and lower  premiums.   But this administration--and through inaction, this Congress--is  driving up healthcare prices for every American, including  Californians. So we will vote today on this bill, and it will probably  pass, and then it will die in the Senate. And while we send the Senate  more legislation that they will never take up, Americans will continue  to suffer.   Like I said, this isn't a bad bill, but it only benefits 6 percent of  Americans--6 percent, not the 14 percent who lack healthcare insurance  at all.   We must do more. We must help those who are falling further and  further behind while this Congress buries us in debt.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to bring up Representative Ruiz's legislation,  H.R. 6479, which will ban junk insurance plans.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Ruiz) to discuss our proposal.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Mr. Speaker, in the first 12 months of this administration, 3.2  million people have lost their healthcare because of the sabotage of  this administration. As a matter of fact, last year, we had the highest  increase in the number of uninsured since the ACA was passed.   When the ACA was passed, I was not in Congress. I was a State  legislator in California, where we embraced the ACA, where we made it  work for our families, and where we reached out to our constituents and  asked: How can we make it better?   This is not the ceiling; this is the floor.   As State representatives, we felt that we had an urgency to act, to  make it better and make it work for our constituents. That is what we  did, and that is why the California exchange is so successful.  [[Page H7104]]    But that didn't happen in other States controlled by Republican  legislators and Republican Governors. Unfortunately, they chose to do  the opposite, and that has hurt their constituents.   Mr. Speaker, the bill we are considering today will add another $100  billion to our national debt. That is not a small thing.   When the bill comes due for this expenditure, how are we going to pay  for it? What is the plan? Where is the budget? Where is the fiscal  conservancy here?   Will the House GOP majority then go after the least fortunate  Americans by cutting Medicaid? Or maybe they will go after American  seniors and cut Medicare and Social Security.   These are the questions people will be asking themselves when they  exercise their American civic duty this fall. Americans will have to  decide: Are trillions in tax cuts for wealthy corporations worth it to  me if it means that I can't go to the doctor?   That is why we have to offer real solutions, and we can start by  paying for these bills today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and  the rule because we owe it to our future generations who will have to  answer for our actions here today.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   