 Madam Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in strong opposition to the Interior, Environment, and  Financial Services, and General Government minibus, that fails the  American people by slashing environmental protection, rolling back  consumer protections, and even cutting basic election security funding.   With bills this bad, it is no wonder Republicans have abandoned all  pretense of regular order, grouped two unrelated appropriations bills  together, and blocked numerous Democratic amendments.   These bills are the product of Republicans' misguided priorities.  Instead of using the $18 billion increase in nondefense discretionary  spending to create jobs and grow our economy, Republicans have chosen  to waste those resources on an unnecessary border wall and cruel  attacks on immigrant families.   We must do better. As much as it pains me to say, we should be  following the Senate and producing bipartisan bills instead of wasting  time on playing political games and taking show votes to appease the  right wing of the Republican Conference.   Turning to the substance of the bills before us, it is absolutely  outrageous that they would: Cut the Environmental Protection Agency by  $100 million; slash clean water infrastructure grants by $300 million;  sink $585 million into a black hole that is dressed up with a fancy  name, the Fund for America's Kids and Grandkids, which is a ploy to not  spend the entire financial services allocation; reduce investments in  underserved communities through the Community Development Financial  Institutions program by $34 million; and provide inadequate funding for  small business loan programs and for investments that curb the opioid  crisis.   However, the bill's worst cut is the zeroing out of election security  grants.   On Friday, Special Counsel Robert Mueller indicted 12 Russian  intelligence officers for their interference in the 2016 presidential  election. The indictment describes, in great detail, the efforts Russia  took to break into State election databases.   We have all heard the public warnings of our intelligence community  that Russia will attempt to attack our democracy again. Yet, instead of  helping States protect and fortify their election infrastructure from  cyber hacking, this bill would eliminate election security grants  entirely.   Additionally, numerous harmful policy riders strike at the heart of  laws and rules that protect the air we breathe and the water we drink,  threaten the survival of endangered species, attack a woman's right to  choose, undermine democracy in the District of Columbia, and repeal  important Dodd-Frank consumer protections.   These bills represent a divisive, partisan approach that threatens to  leave American communities more polluted and American families more  vulnerable to financial predators. We must do better.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,'' and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), the ranking member of the Interior,  Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.   (Ms. McCOLLUM asked and was given permission to revise and extend her  remarks.)    Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Minnesota.    Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Quigley), the ranking member of the Financial Services  Subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman from Illinois.    Madam Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the distinguished ranking member of  the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Ohio.    Madam Chairwoman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. Pingree), a member of the Appropriations  Committee.    Madam Chair, I reserve balance of my time.    Madam Chair, we should be making investments that protect  our communities and make it easier for working families to get ahead.  This bill falls far short of those goals. It shows the majority is not  serious about enacting spending bills on time and is rife with  deficiencies from a tax on the environment and consumers to wasting  hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars, and it fails to stand up to  Russian aggression and protect our elections. Vote ``no.''   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   