 Mr. President, I am here with Senator Nelson, Senator  Whitehouse, and Senator Cardin because I share their concerns about the  rising chorus of partisan attacks, not only on Special Counsel Robert  Mueller but also on the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the  Department of Justice.   These attacks are part of a broader campaign that has been  orchestrated by the White House to undermine the investigations into  Russia's interference in the 2016 campaign, including possible  collusion by the Trump campaign. Unfortunately, if continued, it will  have a lasting impact on our security structures, on our democratic  institutions, and on our people. Ultimately, it will help the Kremlin  achieve its goal of breaking down our country and our democratic way of  life.   In a report issued in January 2017, the U.S. intelligence community  found that Russia interfered in our elections. This was the unanimous  conclusion of all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies. Indeed, that Russian  interference continues to this day, not only in the domestic affairs of  the United States but in the affairs of our Western allies. We have  seen the Kremlin's hand in Great Britain, in Spain, in France, and in  Mexico--all in an effort to determine the outcome and to disrupt  elections in those countries.   Just last week, in an interview with the BBC, CIA Director Mike  Pompeo  [[Page S641]]  confirmed Russia's ongoing interference. As Senator Cardin said, when  Director Pompeo was asked if Russia would try to influence our midterm  elections this year, he replied: ``Of course. I have every expectation  that they will continue to try and do that.''   In fact, in recent weeks, Russian internet trolls and bots have used  Facebook and Twitter to aggressively promote the release of the House  Republicans' memo, by Devin Nunes, that attacks the integrity of the  FBI. Let's think about that. Russia gave a powerful assist to the  successful campaign to release a misleading document, undermining an  ongoing FBI investigation.    Despite these disturbing facts, President Trump continues to be  dismissive of claims of any Russian interference. For 6 months,  Congress has expected the administration to impose the penalties in the  bipartisan Russia sanctions bill that passed 98 to 2, but the  administration has not even issued one sanction through that law.  Despite ongoing brazen Russian interference, the White House claims  that sanctions are not needed because the threat of sanctions is  already ``serving as a deterrent.'' The mere threat of sanctions  clearly is not serving as a deterrent. Our national security agencies,  NATO systems, and even the Senate have experienced countless cyber  attacks since the 2016 elections. Yet Vladimir Putin continues to deny  that Russia interferes in anything at all, and for support, Putin can  point to President Trump's own denials of Russian interference.   President Trump has a penchant for labeling factual reports as ``fake  news.'' Again and again, he says things that are obviously false or  misleading. He calls responsible mainstream journalists ``the enemy of  the people.'' He attacks the rule of law, the judiciary, and our law  enforcement agencies. These are all classic hallmarks of the slippery  slope toward authoritarianism. Indeed, it is striking how attacks by  some Republicans on law enforcement and democratic institutions echo  similar attacks by the Kremlin and its mouthpieces.   Consider these side-by-side comparisons of statements by Russian  officials and statements by Republicans.   As we see in this tweet, which is dated January 2, 2018, President  Trump has described U.S. Government employees and the Justice  Department as the ``Deep State.'' At the same time Russia's propaganda  network, RT, has repeated this terminology. So we see this: ``Deep  State takedown.'' Just yesterday, RT aired a discussion on how to root  out the ``Deep State'' now that its biases supposedly have been exposed  by the ``Nunes memo.''   Again, we see these mirrored messages between Republicans, the White  House, and Putin. As we see in this panel, allegations that Special  Counsel Mueller and the FBI are conducting a ``witch hunt'' are coming  from the highest levels of both the American and Russian Governments.  We see that Reuters has repeated a line from RIA, which is Russia's  state television, saying: ``U.S. scandal over Russian contacts is `a  witch hunt.''' That sentiment was repeated by Andy Biggs, a Republican  who is calling on Mr. Mueller to ``end the witch hunt,'' and, of  course, it was tweeted by Donald Trump, who called all of the illegal  leaks of classified and other information a ``total witch hunt.''   In panel 3, we see that both Putin and President Trump claim that  there is no way to know for sure who meddled in the U.S. election. You  can see the two of them. They blame Democrats for allegations of  Russian meddling. Putin said that ``maybe someone lying in bed'' was  responsible. Looking at similar language, President Trump famously  said: ``It could be someone sitting on their bed that weighs 400  pounds.''   It is unfortunate that some Republicans, as well as voices in the  conservative media, appear to believe that, in order to support the  President, they must attack and discredit not only Special Counsel  Mueller but also the Department of Justice and the FBI. These partisan  attacks are baseless and reckless.   They will not succeed in deflecting law enforcement from its duties  and mission. What they may do is that they may well succeed in  undermining the American people's faith and confidence in these  institutions so vital to a healthy democracy. That is not only  unfortunate, but it is shameful.   Last summer Members of Congress came together on an overwhelmingly  bipartisan basis to impose sanctions on Russia because people here  believed they were interfering in our elections. Republicans and  Democrats spoke with one voice. We said: Our country has been attacked  by a hostile power. We will not tolerate it, and we will stand together  to stop it. Today, it is critical that we continue to speak with one  voice in condemning Russia's interference.   This is a really remarkable moment in our country's history. A  hostile foreign power has interfered in our Presidential election, and  it continues to interfere. CIA Director Pompeo said, in no uncertain  terms, that Russia will interfere in this year's midterm elections. Our  law enforcement agencies and a special counsel are working diligently  to undercover the scope and methods of Russia's interference so we can  put a stop to it. Supporting these efforts is not about party and not  about partisanship. It is about patriotism. It is about defending  America's democracy, which has been attacked and continues to be  vulnerable to attack.   Make no mistake. Our democracy is being tested, our law enforcement  agencies are being tested, and we, as Senators, are being tested. We  have a responsibility to come together--Senators of both parties--to  defend the independence of the Justice Department and the FBI. We must  insist that Special Counsel Mueller be allowed to conduct and complete  his investigation without further political interference. We must stand  together in opposing Russia's outrageous continuing interference in  America's elections and domestic affairs.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   