 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I congratulate Chairwoman Granger and  Ranking Member Visclosky for this great bill.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment, which  increases the funding for the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Program by  a mere $6 million to match the program's 2018 funding of $180 million.  This increase in funding is made possible by reducing the operations  and maintenance defense-wide account by the same amount.   An increase in funding would allow the Department of Defense to  continue three Job ChalleNGe programs in Georgia, Michigan, and South  Carolina that were previously funded through a Department of Labor  grant that is currently ending. It will also help start new pilot Job  ChalleNGe programs in Alaska, California, Louisiana, and West Virginia  that have demonstrated initiatives in combining education credentials  with job training courses.   The Job ChalleNGe program acts as a post-residential program for  Youth ChalleNGe graduates to gain job skills and/or apprenticeship  training.   For States that cannot expand or open another program at this time,  the funding would allow them to focus on the next step for their  graduated cadets. It would also help prepare them with essential skills  to go join the workforce after completion of both the National Guard  Youth ChalleNGe Program and the Job ChalleNGe program.   The Youth ChalleNGe program has graduated more than 150,000 of our  Nation's high school dropouts. The voluntary 22\1/2\ week program is  directed at 16- to 18-year-old youth, and comes at no cost to them or  their families. It is led by National Guard cadre who help enhance the  cadets' life, physical, and education skills, and they assist them in  obtaining their high school diplomas or GEDs. The program has grown  from 10 to 40 programs nationwide since 1993.   A 2012 RAND study found that every dollar spent on the program  results in a return of $2.66. This further shows that the program has  distinguished itself as the most effective and cost-efficient youth  intervention program for the lives of troubled, at-risk young men and  women.   The program is supported by the Youth ChalleNGe Caucus here in  Congress. With my co-chair, Mr. McKinley, the caucus provides a forum  for Members of Congress and their staffs to learn more about the  program and work toward solutions to address the epidemic of dropping  out of high school.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. McKinley, my partner, for working with my  office on this amendment and for being its cosponsor. I urge Members to  support this amendment, which would provide at-risk youth with a second  chance, and I yield back the balance of my time.   