 Mr. Speaker, DREAMers embody our American ideals,  our values, and everything we hold dear. They are proud servicemembers,  students, teachers, healthcare workers, first responders, and  entrepreneurs.   The DACA program has allowed many of them to build a life here and  make positive, significant contributions to the U.S. economy and their  communities. DACA recipients, in fact, earn higher wages and will  contribute an estimated $460 billion to the U.S. GDP over the next  decade. It is no wonder employers and corporate America are demanding a  solution.   The economic case for passing the Dream Act is strong. It is not just  the right thing to do for our economy, though; it is the right thing to  do, period.   H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, builds on these great successes and honors  our history and our heritage, as we are a proud nation of immigrants  from all over the world.   Poll after poll reflects overwhelming support for allowing the  DREAMers to remain permanently in the United States. Nearly 8 out of 10  voters, including almost three-quarters of Trump voters, agree on this.  Only 14 percent believe they should be forced to leave.   The faith community is also imploring Congress to do what is the  right, compassionate, and just thing. Just this morning, I met with the  Archdiocese of Los Angeles, who said this is about human dignity and  how we treat people. They understand the weight of our inaction and  indecisiveness. Anxiety and hopelessness continue to grow as the  President dithers.   We are now less than 1 month away from the end of the 6-month period  set by President Trump to fix the mess he created. No more delaying. No  more inaction. DREAMers kept their promise to the only Nation they know  and love. Our government must honor its commitment to protect them and  their families.   Mr. Speaker, this is the 20th time we have asked for a vote on the  clean Dream Act. All we are asking for is a vote. Give us a vote so we  can give young immigrants, their families, their employers, their  teachers, their coworkers, and friends some certainty and peace of  mind.   I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question so that we  can immediately bring DREAMers and the Dream Act to the floor and  finally do what is right for our young people and for our country.   