 Thank you, Mr. President.   Thank you to my colleagues Senator Markey and Senator Whitehouse. I  am pleased to join both of you, who have done such a tremendous job in  leading on this issue of trying to get everyone to wake up to the  challenges that we face in climate change and what that is going to  mean, not just for us in New England but for people across this country  and across the globe.   Maybe the reason we feel so passionate about this is because we see  it. We already see it happening in New England, as my colleagues  detailed so well. We are on the cutting edge of these changes. You  don't have to have lived in New Hampshire for very long to have seen  what is happening as a result of climate change.   Last week, the U.S. Global Change Research Program released its  fourth National Climate Assessment, and that details the profound  effect climate change is having and is going to continue to have on the  environment, on the economy, and on our public health. The report makes  it abundantly clear that every American--every American--is affected by  climate change and that the threat it poses will get worse unless we  take action.   As I said, people in my State of New Hampshire have no doubt about  the reality of climate change because we have been seeing it for years  now. We have been experiencing it.   The steady increase in temperatures and the rise in annual  precipitation are already affecting New Hampshire's tourism and outdoor  recreation economy. Each year, hundreds of thousands of sportsmen and  wildlife watchers come to New Hampshire to enjoy our mountains, our  lakes, and all of our beautiful natural resources. The outdoor  economy--hunting, fishing, and outdoor recreation--contributes more  than $4 billion to New Hampshire's economy each year, but this is  threatened now because rising temperatures are shortening our fall  foliage season, and they are negatively affecting our snow- and ice- related winter recreation activities. That includes skiing,  snowboarding, and snowmobiling. The New Hampshire ski industry employs  17,000 Granite Staters, and the New Hampshire Department of  Environmental Services warns that these jobs are threatened by climate  change.   New Hampshire's--in fact, all of New England's fall foliage is at  risk. This is climate modeling by the Union of Concerned Scientists  that shows that by the end of this century, New Hampshire's summers  will feel like present-day summers in North Carolina, 700 miles to our  south. While the Presiding Officer certainly understands that this  works great for North Carolina, it changes dramatically what happens in  New Hampshire.   What this shows is that--this red color, which are the maple and  beech and birch trees--the maple trees in particular that produce our  maple syrup--that make such a difference in our fall foliage--those are  going to be gone by 2070--by the end of this century. All of this red  that we are seeing throughout--from Pennsylvania, New York, across  Northern New Hampshire, Vermont, and Maine--that will all be gone by  the end of this century.   Again, this underscores that if we fail to act on climate change, we  are going to see a steep loss of jobs and revenue. That is going to  affect our outdoor recreation industry, and it is going to affect our  traditional maple syrup industry.   New Hampshire produces more than 100,000 gallons of maple syrup  annually. That makes it the third largest maple syrup producer in the  United States. Maple syrup is entirely dependent on weather conditions.  We are already seeing the impact these changes are having because as we  get into spring, the temperatures are not getting cold enough at night  to make the sap run in the maple trees, and during the day, we are not  seeing the fluctuation in temperatures that allows maple syrup to be  produced.   The National Climate Assessment notes that the changing climate is  putting more and more stress on sugar maples. If we fail to act on  climate change, this could destroy New Hampshire's multimillion-dollar  maple syrup industry.   Now, it is also affecting our wildlife. It is affecting their  habitats.   Probably one of the most iconic symbols of New Hampshire is our  moose. Yet they are being threatened. Because  [[Page S7175]]  of milder winters due to climate change, ticks and other insects aren't  dying off, which leads to infestation on our wildlife and on our trees.  According to the New Hampshire Fish and Game Department, the estimated  moose population in New Hampshire has decreased by more than 50 percent  since the mid-1990s.   That story is even worse for moose calves. A recent study by  researchers at the University of New Hampshire found that winter ticks  are the primary cause of an unprecedented 70-percent death rate of  calves over a 3-year period. On average--and we can see this  dramatically in these photos--47,000 ticks were found on each calf that  was monitored during this study.   To quote Dr. Peter Pekins, a professor at UNH who is a lead author on  the study, ``the iconic moose is rapidly becoming the new poster child  for climate change in parts of the Northeast.''   We are going to see moose totally disappearing from the Northeast--in  fact, from all of the northern part of the United States, if we don't  take action.   As my colleagues have said, global warming is also impacting our  fishing industry. New Hampshire may have a small coast--18 miles of  coastline--but we have an important commercial fishing industry that  contributes $106 million to the State and supports 5,000 jobs.  Unfortunately, because of climate change, the average annual  temperatures in the waters off of southern New England have increased  by about 2.2 degrees Fahrenheit since the 1970s. This change in  temperature is driving some of New England's most iconic fisheries  northward and further out to sea.   Lobsters, for example, have migrated 40 miles northward to the Gulf  of Maine in the last decade. As we can see from this illustration, it  shows the red areas where we used to have lobster until the 1970s. They  have totally disappeared, and those lobsters have moved north of Cape  Cod. They are moving into northern Maine and up into Canada. They are  totally gone from the New England Sound. That is devastating to  Southern New Hampshire fishing communities where lobster is their  livelihood.   Ironically, as I think Senator Markey said so well, the lobster  migration has contributed to an overabundance in the Gulf of Maine, and  that has caused price volatility in the lobster market. So we have seen  dramatic fluctuations which have also affected our fishermen.   Of course, the impacts on human health have been dramatic because  people are suffering from the impacts of climate change. Rising  temperatures increase the number of air pollution action days. They  increase pollen and mold levels, and they increase allergies. All of  these things are dangerous to some of our most vulnerable populations,  including children. In New Hampshire we have one of the highest  childhood asthma rates in the country because of air pollution that has  been moving primarily from the Midwest but now is being exacerbated by  climate change.   The elderly are affected, as well as those with allergies and those  with chronic respiratory conditions.   Rising temperatures also facilitate the spread of insectborne  illnesses, such as Lyme disease, which have been a huge factor for  people in New Hampshire and across New England.   Now, because New Hampshire and the Northeastern States and New  England have been experiencing major negative impacts from climate  change, we have been working to reduce carbon emissions to try and  transition to a more energy-efficient and clean-energy economy. New  Hampshire is one of nine Northeastern States that participates in the  Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, or RGGI, since the program launched  in 2009. Massachusetts and Rhode Island are also participants. But  carbon emissions in RGGI States have fallen by 51 percent. So in less  than a decade, because of RGGI, we have seen a 51-percent reduction in  carbon emissions.   In addition, customers in RGGI States have saved an estimated $773  million on their energy bills, and billions more are expected. That is  thanks not just to renewables but to energy efficiency. I am a big  believer that energy efficiency is also one of the most important ways  we can reduce our carbon emissions. Also, the wholesale price of energy  has fallen. So we can see on average 6.4 percent and $773 million in  energy savings.   So climate change--as everyone who has spoken about this evening has  pointed out--is probably the greatest environmental challenge the world  has ever faced, but we can do something about it if we take action.  Through smart energy policies and through thoughtful conservation  measures, we can stop climate change from reaching dangerous,  irreversible levels, but we have to act now.   So I urge my colleagues and I urge this administration to recognize  the economic and environmental imperative of addressing climate change  before it is too late.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   