 Madam President, we will soon be voting in this Chamber  on S. Res. 64, which is a Congressional Review Act resolution looking  at a Treasury Department rule that I believe will promote dark money in  politics.   Since the Supreme Court's decision in Citizens United, our political  system has been flooded--absolutely flooded--with money from special  interest groups. According to the Center for Responsive Politics,  independent expenditures on campaigns went from $203 million in 2010 to  $1.48 billion less than 10 years later, in 2016. So it went from $203  million in 2010, after the Citizens United decision, to $1.48 billion  in 2016.   This massive influx of money into our elections undermines the  confidence of the American people in our political system. It creates  an environment that is ripe for corruption and inappropriate influence.  It sows further disenchantment among the electorate and impacts  participation in our democracy. It allows voters to believe that their  votes are less important than businesses with a bigger checkbook.   That is why it is so important that we ensure transparency and  accountability in campaign financing through robust disclosure  requirements and oversight.   Unfortunately, instead of making it easier to identify individuals  and organizations who are funding campaigns, the Treasury Department  has issued a rule that will increase the amount of dark money in the  political process. That is money that comes in, and we have no idea  where it comes from and who is behind it. This ill-advised rule change  from the Treasury Department will eliminate the requirement that social  welfare organizations, or 501(c)(4)s, and business leagues, or  501(c)(6)s, report donor information to the IRS. That basically gives a  blank check for anyone to come in and spend any amount of money, and we  are not going to know who it is or who is behind the money.   The change risks impeding law enforcement efforts to track money  laundering in our political system, and it makes it more likely that  foreign money will illegally influence our elections. Under this new  rule, organizations that made over $197 million in independent  expenditures during the 2016 election cycle would now be totally exempt  from disclosing who those donors were to the IRS.   The door will now be open to hundreds of millions more in dark money  from secret groups with hidden agendas, trying to buy an election with  money and influence. These dark money groups have increased in size and  scope since the Citizens United decision, as they recognize the  opportunity to influence elections with no accountability.   Malicious actors at home and abroad will likely exploit the increased  secrecy in this process, and the proliferation of these dark money  groups will further influence our political system.   This Congress has a duty to ensure the integrity and security of our  electoral process. We have to eliminate dark money contributions as we  do this. Dark money has a corrosive influence on our Democratic process  because it erodes trust in our institutions, it distorts the motives of  our elected representatives, and, perhaps most importantly, the  American people have a right to know if the candidates they choose to  represent them are supported by foreign groups and shady special  interests.   For these reasons, I strongly support attempts to stop the Trump  administration's misguided attempt to allow more dark money into our  political process, and I urge my colleagues to support the resolution  that will be coming up shortly.   I yield the floor.   