 Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1153, the Mortgage Choice Act,  provides needed clarity to the calculation of points and fees for  qualified mortgages, or QM, especially for those companies affiliated  with real estate brokers.   Established under the ability-to-repay/QM section of the Truth in  Lending Act, H.R. 1153 would amend the definition of points and fees  and allow more loans to qualify, thus increasing choices for all  borrowers.    Chairman Huizenga's bipartisan legislation does not create a QM  loophole like some would argue. Instead, H.R. 1153 rightly attempts to  level the playing field, regardless of whether the lender is affiliated  with a title agency or not.   In addition, H.R. 1153 does not allow high-cost loans to qualify as  QMs. By allowing loans with the same points and fees to be treated  equally under the law, Chairman Huizenga's bill corrects one of the  many flaws of the post-Dodd-Frank era.   Thanks to the Mortgage Choice Act, it will now be easier for low- and  moderate-income Americans to buy a home. I commend my colleague,  Chairman Huizenga, for his bipartisan work on this issue, and I urge  all Members to support this legislation.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, for the life of me, I cannot understand why my  colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle would be in support of  anything that would cause a home buyer to have to pay more money in  fees when they are taking out a mortgage.   On a $400,000 mortgage, you are talking about you want to go beyond a  $12,000 cap, which is 3 percent? Why would you want to do that to a  homeowner?   What we are saying is, under QM and what we worked so hard to  establish, was to put a cap on all of these fees so that the  homeowners, the home buyers, would not be paying more than 3 percent of  that mortgage.   We think that is fair.   Now you want to open up the flood gates so that these title companies  can increase the amount of that they are charging and go beyond the 3  percent.   How much higher do you want it to go? Do you want them to be able to  go up to 4 percent or 5 percent with these homeowners who are paying  downpayments and who are trying to get into homes? Why is it you want  to expand beyond a 3 percent cap on the average hardworking home buyer  in this country?   I don't get it. I don't understand it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   