 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Clarke for all of  her strong leadership as a Member of Congress and also as a co-chair of  the Congressional Caucus on Black Women and Girls as she advocates for  awareness, fairness, and equality for all.   Mr. Speaker, I stand here today during Women's History Month to  acknowledge the impact and legacy of Black women in America. Black  women have blazed trails, set standards, and broken barriers in every  job sector, elected position, and civil rights movement in America.   I am especially proud of the strong leadership of African-American  women during the suffrage movement. The suffrage movement was the  demand and struggle for the right for all women to vote and run for  office and was a very important part of the overall women's rights  movement.   Faced with constant opposition and threats of violence, women of  various social classes, economic classes, and race traveled across the  country to make their proclamation loud and clear. They have a voice,  and they deserved a vote.   As women fought and marched for their right to be treated as first- class citizens, in addition to their gender, African-American women  were also faced with the barriers of racism in America. While women  were united by gender, they remained divided by race. In the march for  respect and dignity, Black women were asked to march at the back of the  suffrage parade.   Despite being asked to go to the back of the parade, 22 founders of  the amazing Delta Sigma Theta sorority marched. This sorority was the  only African-American women's organization to participate in the  parade. I am proud to say I am a proud member of Delta Signa Theta.   Another member of Delta Signa Theta sorority, Ida B. Wells-Barnette,  marched for the right to vote. A journalist, antilynching crusader, and  outspoken suffragist founded the first African-American women's  suffrage organization, the Alpha Suffrage Club of Chicago. The members  of the Ida B. Wells organization joined her in marching in the women's  suffrage march parade in Washington in 1913.   Mr. Speaker, this is just one of the examples of how Black women have  faced, head-on, the double barrier of being Black and being a woman in  America. As a Black woman of Congress and as vice chair of the  Democratic Women's Working Group and the Congressional Caucus for  Women's Issues, I stand on the shoulders of women who refused to accept  the status of being a second-class citizen, a second-class woman, or a  second-class race.   I stand on the shoulders of Shirley Chisholm, as my colleague has  outlined this amazing woman being the first African-American woman of  Congress.   I stand on the shoulders of women like Erma Henderson. She was a  Detroit civil rights activist who became the first Black woman to be  elected to the Detroit City Council. She was the first woman I was able  to look up to as a little Black girl growing up in the city of Detroit.  She inspired me to believe that one day I, too, could have a seat at  the table.   Mr. Speaker, the legacy of Black women is far from over. I am proud  of how far we have come, and I am encouraged by the hope of what is  next. I am encouraged by my colleagues--White, Black, men, and women-- who continue to fight for fairness, justice, and equality for all women  and for Black women in this country.    Mr. Speaker, I just want to close with some words of  wisdom from Black women who absolutely have inspired me.   ``It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry  it,'' Lena Horn.   ``I did what my conscience told me to do, and you can't fail if you  do that,'' Anita Hill.   ``Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that  counts,'' Nikki Giovanni.   ``Don't feel entitled to anything you didn't sweat and struggle  for.'' That is the legendary Marian Wright Edelman.   And I close on an amazing woman we have talked so much about:   ``Service is the rent that you pay for room on this Earth,'' Shirley  Chisolm.   Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to be a woman in America and to be blessed  by God with this beautiful, Black skin and to be a Black woman in  America.   