 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume,  and I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, if you are having deja vu right now, it is because we  have been here one too many times before. Our government is on the  verge of yet another government shutdown this week. After yet another  district work period, we return today to this rule to consider the  bills it makes in order. We are left with just one last chance to do  our work and one final opportunity to send President Trump a funding  bill that reflects the true value of bipartisanship, one without poison  pill riders which would put so many of our constituents out of work.   This rule makes in order H.R. 6157, the DOD, HHS, and Education  omnibus bill; and H. Res. 1071, which is a rebuke on some localities  expanding voting opportunities to immigrants.   While some of my colleagues may wish to speak about H. Res. 1071, I  will focus on the good work that we are accomplishing today, not a  meaningless political game House Republican leadership is choosing to  waste our time with to further divide this House and instead of  focusing on preventing a shutdown.   H.R. 6157, the second minibus to keep the government open in fiscal  year 2019, is an example of how this body can still work together to  reach a bipartisan consensus when we take politics out of the picture.   Perhaps more important than what is included in the minibus is what  is not included. This minibus rejects the proposed cuts to healthcare  programs, job training, education, and access to healthcare that were  in President Trump's budget proposal.   This minibus also rejects President Trump's efforts to expand family  separation at our Nation's border. While many children remain separated  from their parents, at least this minibus agreement does not include  House Republican language that would have overridden the Flores  settlement and authorized the indefinite detention of immigrant  children. This is a very small victory, but an important one. This  minibus is a fundamental statement of our values, and the United States  Congress should not condone the President's inhumane practice of family  separation.    In addition, let me make this clear: nothing in this legislation will  pay for one foot of the President's border wall. I hope President Trump  joins this Congress and listens to the majority of the American people  who don't want to fund this wall. This Congress has repeatedly rejected  funding for his misguided wall, and it is about time the President gave  up on such a foolish waste of taxpayer dollars while our bridges,  freeways, and streets are crumbling beneath us. That does not do  anything to keep America safe.   Let's talk about the good things that this bill brings to our  constituents. I am happy to report that this legislation provides a 2.6  percent pay raise for servicemembers who continue to serve our Nation  around the world. As a  [[Page H8899]]  mother of a veteran, I celebrate that even more. It is wonderful to  hear that our servicemembers are finally being acknowledged for the  hard work that they do keeping our Nation safe at home and abroad.   In addition to paying our servicemembers more, this agreement will  protect our men and women in uniform from one of the most common harms  they encounter: shamelessly stated as sexual assault. The $5 million in  additional funding we will provide will fully implement and expand the  Sexual Assault Special Victims Counsel Program. The Counsel Program  provides representation for survivors navigating the complicated  military justice process. Hopefully, victims of sexual abuse will not  have to wait years to report this crime.   The conference report also provides a $35 million increase, for a  total of $270 million, to construct, renovate, repair, or expand  elementary and secondary public schools on military installations,  giving military families an opportunity to thrive and educate their  young. In other words, this increase means that we are not only helping  our servicemembers, but the families that support them and who provide  invaluable moral support for our soldiers.   Another bipartisan achievement included in this legislation is an  increase for environmental restoration by more than $13 million. One of  the shortfalls of this Congress has been a failure to address the water  crises we have seen ravaging our communities. In California alone,  dozens of communities have experienced recent rates of childhood  poisoning that surpass those in Flint, Michigan, with one locale  showing rates nearly three times higher.   It is unacceptable that in the richest Nation in the world, our  children are being poisoned because we refuse to take the necessary  actions to provide the infrastructure to deliver clean water to our  communities. Securing this funding is a real step to helping invest in  communities and the health of our children.   That is why we included yet another investment into our communities'  health by increasing funding for the National Institutes of Health by  $2 billion. This rejects the cuts proposed by the President in his  administration and instead supports research into cures for life- threatening diseases like Alzheimer's, cancer, HIV/AIDS, influenza, and  diabetes.   Additionally, we are providing $4.4 billion to combat the nationwide  opioid crisis. This means more prevention programs, better treatment,  and training for the workforce to ensure our healthcare professionals  aren't making problems worse.   Finally, the last part of this agreement that I would like to  highlight is what we are doing for our workforce programs. This bill  invests in students, the future of America, those looking for workforce  training and working families.   Included is:   $10.1 billion for Head Start, which provides literacy programs to  young children in working families;   $5.3 billion for childcare and development block grants to provide  childcare assistance to low-income families. We celebrate that mothers  will finally have the support that they need to work and deliver for  their families;   $160 million for apprenticeship grants to connect businesses to  workers;   $1.3 billion for career and technical education; and,   An increase to the maximum Pell grant to help our students keep pace  with the rising cost of college.   This is a good bill. This is a bipartisan bill. This is a bill that  should be signed into law. I urge the President to look at what a  bipartisan agreement looks like and take ``yes'' for an answer. The  last thing any of us want is yet another government shutdown. Let's  prevent that today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today we are considering a continuing resolution that  will extend the Violence Against Women Act only until December 7. I am  glad that we aren't letting this important legislation expire. However,  a simple extension is not enough. We need to fully reauthorize and  strengthen this landmark act.   Therefore, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to bring up Representative Jackson Lee's  legislation, H.R. 6545, the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, to discuss our proposal, I yield 5 minutes  to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an  additional 2 minutes.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an  additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I  have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, we are just two more legislative days away from the  third Republican government shutdown of 2018. However, we have done our  jobs to prevent that today.   H.R. 6157 is a testament that despite party differences, we can still  come together to work out our differences and put the American public's  interest first.   I want to be clear that I do not agree with the rule that we are  considering, because this rule makes in order a wholly unrelated  immigration bill. This rule fails to allow the debate on a number of  amendments and marks the 98th closed rule of this Congress, an all-time  record. That is why I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous  question and the rule.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   