 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the motion to instruct  conferees to reject the right-wing House Labor-HHS-Education  appropriations bill and, instead, support the Senate's bipartisan  compromise.   The Labor-HHS-Education bill funds some of the most important  priorities for our country. It helps meet the needs of Americans at  every stage of their lives. With this legislation, Congress funds  childcare programs, Head Start, Pell Grants, job training, community  health centers, NIH research, Social Security, Meals on Wheels. Yet,  instead of robustly supporting these priorities, House Republicans have  shortchanged all of these critical endeavors.   Despite an $18 billion overall increase in the budget cap for  nondefense discretionary spending, the House's fiscal year 2019 Labor- HHS-Education appropriations bill does not include a single dime of  additional funding.   House Republicans have found $5 billion to pay for President Trump's  wasteful border wall, yet they apparently cannot allocate anything to  strengthen America's schools; help families afford college; ensure  workplace safety; or expand quality, affordable healthcare.   In fact, the policy provisions in the bill directly attack many of  these priorities. Their riders sabotage the Affordable Care Act,  threatening the health of tens of millions of Americans with  preexisting conditions, and increasing costs for American families.   This Republican bill undermines women's healthcare by eliminating  Title X family planning, prohibits millions of women from choosing  Planned Parenthood as their preferred healthcare provider, and attacks  the dignity of LGBT families.   The American people, my friends, deserve better than this partisan  bill. The Senate has done good work, bipartisan work, to provide  additional resources for the Labor-HHS-Education bill, while avoiding  the kinds of right-wing riders that make the House bill completely  unacceptable.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this motion. Reject House  Republicans' misplaced priorities and extreme attacks on American  families.   