 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Poe) for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, S. 534.   I also want to thank my colleague from the other side of the aisle,  the co-chair of the Congressional Caucus for Women's Issues that I co- chair, Representative Lois Frankel from Florida, for helping me get  this bill to this point and for helping us support Senator Feinstein  and Senator Thune as they move the bill in the Senate.   In less than 2 weeks, over 200 American athletes will represent our  Nation at the highest levels of sport in the 2018 Olympic Winter Games  in PyeongChang.   These athletes have prepared their entire lives for these games, and  their performances are a result of countless hours of practice, self- discipline, and sacrifice.   Tragically, we have also learned that many of our young athletes have  been subjected to sexual abuse at the hands of those who were supposed  to be supporting them reach their Olympic goals.   We have seen more than 156 women use their voices to share their  agonizing stories of sexual abuse at the hands of a doctor they and  their parents were told to trust, Dr. Larry Nassar.   Their decision to publicly reveal their traumatic experiences is  nothing short of heroic, and it was instrumental is ensuring that  Nassar will never again touch another young athlete.   Now, after a 2016 Indianapolis Star investigation exposed what is now  known as the worst sexual abuse scandal in athletics to date, we are  taking action to prevent this heinous action from ever taking place  again.   Today, the House will vote on the Protecting Young Victims from  Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act of 2017. This  bipartisanship legislation mandates training, increases requirements  for reporting abuse, and reforms a broken system that has failed too  many victims.   This bill requires any individual who interacts with our amateur  athletes to report suspected child abuse, including sexual abuse,  within 24 hours. If they fail to do so, they will be held accountable  by the new law.   To prevent future emotional, physical, and sexual abuse, this bill  designates the United States Center for Safe Sport to develop,  implement, and enforce policies, procedures, and mandatory training for  national governing bodies and their members.   The center will ensure that, when reports of abuse are made, they are  investigated. It protects those who report abuse from retaliation. As  commonsense would dictate, it requires that, until the investigation is  closed, an adult who is subject to allegations  [[Page H637]]  of abuse against a minor is prohibited from interacting with minors.   As the Nassar sentencings come to a close and the Olympic games  quickly approach, we are reminded of the importance of protecting the  safety and well-being of all of our athletes.   Today, we are strengthening protections for victims to ensure  transparency and accountability, and putting the safety and the health  of our athletes and every young athlete who has ever dreamed of the  Olympic stage first.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for consideration of this bill and  I urge my colleagues to pass the Senate bill.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Frankel), the cosponsor of the House bill, and I  thank her for her leadership on these issues.   