 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentleman for yielding and for his incredible leadership in supporting  Louise, organizing all of her many elections, and organizing this  tribute to her tonight.   No one was a better public servant or fighter for her constituents  than Louise Slaughter. Her passing is a huge loss for New York, for the  House, and for all of us. She worked for people right up until the day  she died. When I first came to Congress, Louise took me under her wing.  For that, and her friendship, I will be forever grateful. I truly miss  her dearly, but I am comforted knowing the legacy that she leaves  behind.   When Louise became a Member of the House in 1987, she was one of just  25 female leaders. Today, we number more than 100. I have no doubt that  her leadership and the example she set as the first female chair of the  House Rules Committee led to more women running for office. She was a  trailblazer, and she broke down doors for people, for women, and for  real change in this country.   While I could go on and on about her legislative achievements,  including the Violence Against Women Act--the first bill that I worked  on when I came to Congress with Louise--she was the lead Democrat along  with then-Senator Biden. It was a transformational bill that addressed  violence against women. She fought years for it. Many people thought it  was a personal affair, a family affair, and she fought to making it a  legal affair that women should be protected in any and every  circumstance. It had money in it to train police and prosecutors to be  more sensitive to the needs of women and the violence against them.   She was a biologist by training and was very proud of this  background. She was a leader on FDA health issues and was the first to  introduce genetic information and the Genetic Information  Nondiscrimination Act that became a central part of the Affordable Care  Act, that you should not hold preexisting conditions and prevent  healthcare for people because of preexisting conditions.   She considered that one of her greatest achievements. She led the  debate on the floor for the Democrats for the Affordable Care Act and  its passage. She oversaw that historic debate.   Her impact extends far beyond the bills that she passed and the  committees that she chaired. She was the first woman to chair most of  the committees that she became part of. During her 31 years in  Congress, she was a  [[Page H3386]]  mentor to many female Members and, because of that, played a major role  in shaping our party and coalition we are today.   She was a leader for New York, and she was a leader for Democrats in  New York. She was one of the first Democrats to be elected in upstate  New York, and everyone running for office in upstate New York, the  first person they went to was Louise Slaughter.   I am proud to have called her a dear friend and mentor and grateful  to be able to pay tribute to her and to say thank you to her and her  family. She adored her late husband, Bob, and we all appreciate the  great impact she had on me, on this Congress, and on our Nation.   Louise, we miss you. You are in our hearts. Thank you, dear friend.   