 Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague, Mr.  Vargas, for yielding, and I support his amendment.   I also support this bill more generally because it supports the quiet  heroes in our intelligence community. They don't seek public praise; in  fact, they shun it. While others enjoy the limelight, they work hard in  the shadows.   Section 1511 is a version of legislation I wrote called the POISE  Act. I filed it after the President disclosed highly sensitive  information to Russian officials at a White House meeting. This  information had been entrusted to the U.S. by a key ally.   Section 1511, drawing on the POISE Act, says Congress must be  notified when a member of the executive branch, including the  President, discloses top secret information to an adversary government  outside established intelligence channels.   As a former specialist at the Department of Defense, I know these  disclosures are dangerous because our adversary could use it to harm  U.S. interests. Our partners could stop sharing intelligence if they  don't trust us to keep it confidential.   The congressional notification requirement will deter irresponsible  disclosures and enable Congress to conduct oversight and limit any  damage caused by the disclosure.   I also wanted to express my disappointment on a matter of national  security. Congressman Curbelo and I offered a bipartisan amendment to  require the DNI to report to Congress on the national security threat  posed by deep fake technology and how the intelligence community will  counter it. Deep fake technology is the digital falsification of  images, video, and audio to portray an individual as having done or  said something he or she didn't do or say.   Senator Rubio has raised alarms about how foreign intelligence  service could use deep fake technology to undermine our Nation's  security and democracy.   Frankly, I was dismayed our amendment was not ruled in order, despite  being supported by the Intelligence Committee. I know the Rules  Committee often makes decisions for reasons unrelated to policy. But  the exclusion of this amendment was a serious mistake, and I will look  for other ways to ensure our country is prepared for the emerging  threat posed by deep fake technology.   