 Mr. President, I thank Senator Portman, Senator  Blumenthal, Senator Whitehouse, and my other colleagues for allowing me  to jump in here for a couple of minutes.   This body--this entire body--is really responsible for where we are  right now because it was during the investigation package that we  realized that section 230 was being used as a shield for the bad guys.  All of the attorneys general around the country and various law  enforcement agencies and individuals who were trying to sue backpage  were met every time with a 230 defense. They were not even able to  penetrate to get the documents from backpage in order to learn about  what backpage was really up to. It was an investigation by which  backpage thought it would be able to win again in court and deny us our  opportunity to look at the documents and to look at the underlying  evidence that one should always look at in an investigation.   Frankly, our getting the contempt-of-the-Senate resolution through  this body almost unanimously--I think it was unanimously, wasn't it, I  ask Senator Portman?    And then our going all the way to the Supreme Court  and winning was finally the first time backpage had to turn over the  dirty evidence of its knowingly facilitating sex trafficking on its  page. That is why this language is ``knowingly facilitate''--just to  make sure that in going forward, no bad guys can hide behind section  230.   The other part of this bill that, I think, is very important and  that, I think, a lot of people forget--and with all due respect to my  friends who are in this Chamber who were U.S. attorneys--is that over  90 percent of the crime that is prosecuted in this country is  prosecuted by local prosecutors, State prosecutors, who are called  prosecutors or district attorneys, depending on the State's term that  is used. They have been handcuffed in terms of being able to bring  these kinds of cases. This legislation not only opens up the courthouse  doors to victims who have been victimized by this but also so that the  full force of American law enforcement can be brought to bear on this  problem, not just the limited jurisdiction that was available around  the problem of sex trafficking.    This is so important to getting to the bottom of it because many U.S.  attorneys don't have the time, and, frankly, many attorneys general  don't have the time or the jurisdiction to get after crime, but the  local prosecutors don't get to decide which cases to go after. If there  is a 9-1-1 call, they have it. The Feds can come in later and say: We  have it, and we are going to take it. But they are the ones who day  after day are in the trenches of sex crimes, and they are the ones who  now have the ability to go after these cases in a way that will be very  meaningful.   I am proud of the bipartisan nature of this. I am proud of the  partnership we have, Senator Portman, on the Subcommittee on  Investigations. I know we will get a big vote on this. I think people  see through these amendments as ways to slow this bill down or possibly  kill it, and I hope we will all can join together and take this to the  finish line tomorrow.   I thank my colleagues for giving me a few minutes.   