 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking  member for yielding and for her leadership on the Financial Services  Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly, strongly oppose this resolution, which will  actually encourage discrimination against people of color who want to  buy cars.   I know my Republican colleagues claim that this is about a rulemaking  process, but let's be clear: This is not about process. This is about  discrimination.   This issue is very simple. Financial institutions that make auto  loans have an obligation not to discriminate against borrowers based on  the color of their skin. This has been the law since Congress passed  the Equal Credit Opportunity Act over 43 years ago.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau found compelling evidence  that, when financial institutions allow auto dealers to increase the  interest rates on auto loans for specific borrowers that come into  their dealership, minority borrowers were systematically charged a  higher rate. In other words, this particular practice resulted in  illegal lending discrimination.   So the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau did what it was supposed  to do. It told financial institutions to stop this illegal and  discriminatory practice or risk being sued by the Bureau for lending  discrimination.   But the Consumer Bureau did not stop there. It also told the lenders  exactly how they needed to change their practices to avoid being sued  for lending discrimination.   This kind of transparency is a good thing. It allows the Consumer  Bureau to root out discrimination in the auto lending market while also  providing guidance and certainty to all the lenders that want to do the  right thing.   Yet this guidance is exactly what the resolution before us today  would repeal. Why? This would have the effect of encouraging  discrimination against minority borrowers in the auto lending market  and discouraging the Consumer Bureau from cracking down on this  horrible practice.   I believe we need to stand strong against discrimination in all  forms, including lending discrimination.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for their constituents, to  vote for consumers, and to oppose this resolution.   