 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to urge my  colleagues to vote against the nomination of Carlos Muniz to be the  Department of Education's general counsel.   The Department of Education's primary responsibility is to help  schools educate our students and prepare them to be successful in life.  A good education can open doors of opportunity for children who may not  have thought that their dreams were possible, and a good education can  lift millions of families out of poverty and into the middle class.  That is certainly what a good education did for me and for my family.   As many working families are struggling today, we should be working  to make sure every child can attend a good public school in their own  neighborhood. We need to do more to ensure that every student who wants  to attend college can afford it, graduate, and find a good-paying job  and is not saddled with a mountain of debt. It is critical that every  student, no matter what age, learn in a safe environment, free from  discrimination, harassment, and violence.   This should be at the core of our Nation--that everyone has the right  to a high-quality education, no matter where they live or how they  learn or how much money their parents make.   As general counsel to the Department of Education, Mr. Muniz would be  responsible for providing legal advice and assistance to Secretary  DeVos. Her first year in office has shown how much she needs it.   Secretary DeVos continues to push her extreme privatization agenda  even though millions of students, parents, and teachers have stood up  and rejected it.   Despite bipartisan agreement in Congress on our Nation's K-12 law,  the Every Student Succeeds Act, Secretary DeVos is approving State  plans that do not comply with all of ESSA's guardrails--guardrails that  were agreed to by Republicans and Democrats in Congress to help ensure  that no student falls through the cracks.   Secretary DeVos has rolled back protections for students and student  loan borrowers, making it easier for predatory, for-profit colleges to  take advantage of students.   Time and again, she has failed to uphold civil rights protections for  students. She has tried to scale back the Office for Civil Rights,  opened the doors for schools to once again discriminate against  transgender students, and rolled back guidance for schools on how to  investigate campus sexual assault. Especially in this moment when more  and more women are coming forward and sharing their stories of  harassment and assault, there is no excuse for those in power to  attempt to sweep their stories under the rug. By rolling back this  guidance, Secretary DeVos allowed schools to put the burden back on  survivors. By making it harder for them to trust they will be believed,  I am concerned that fewer women will come forward.   Mr. President, it is clear that Secretary DeVos needs an independent  general counsel who will stand up to her when laws are being bent or  broken. I am afraid Mr. Muniz has failed to convince me that is the  kind of general counsel he would be.   He worked for a for-profit college company that preyed upon students  and cheated them out of their education and their savings. He has a  record of putting politics before students. He worked for the Florida  attorney general, who came under fire for accepting a political  donation from President Trump at the very time she decided against  investigating Trump University--a sham university that defrauded  countless students by promising them everything and leaving them with  nothing.   Although Mr. Muniz and the Florida attorney general didn't stand up  for students who were misled and defrauded by President Trump, many  other States sued. Just last week--8 years after Trump University  closed its doors--the $25 million settlement the President agreed to  pay to his victims was finalized, meaning some of those cheated by the  President will now start seeing relief. However, Mr. Muniz's  involvement in the Trump University case gives me great concern that at  the Department of Education, he will once again not stand up for  student loan borrowers defrauded by other predatory for-profit  colleges.   I am afraid Mr. Muniz at the Department of Education will only be  more of the same. For those reasons, I will be voting against his  nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.    I ask for the yeas and nays on the pending nomination.   