 Mr. President, I wish to thank my colleagues from  Oklahoma and Missouri, and we will be joined shortly by the Senator  from Montana as well.   I am rising today to discuss the importance of protecting and  celebrating life.   As I travel across the State of Iowa, I have had the opportunity to  hear directly from families whose lives have been changed by the  innovative, life-affirming services offered by their local pregnancy  resource center. There are so many more stories of vulnerable lives  saved all across the country, not just in Iowa but all across the  country.   I would like to begin by recognizing the critical, on-the-ground  actions of these pregnancy resource centers, maternity homes, and  adoption agencies across the country that are changing and saving  lives. I want to thank them for all they do.   Since coming to Washington, I have tried to hold Congress accountable  to do its part to protect the most vulnerable in our society. The  Senator from Missouri has mentioned that we can measure a society, and  ours is a great society, but we can do more to protect those who are  vulnerable. For example, last January, I introduced legislation to  defund Planned Parenthood while protecting women's healthcare centers.  As I have stated time and again, taxpayers should not be forced to foot  the bill for roughly half a billion dollars annually for an  organization like Planned Parenthood that exhibits such disrespect for  human life. Despite what they may claim otherwise, Planned Parenthood  is not the Nation's preeminent provider of women's healthcare. For  example, Planned Parenthood facilities don't even perform in-house  mammograms. They don't do that. Community health centers, on the other  hand, continue to greatly outnumber Planned Parenthoods. They provide  greater preventive primary healthcare services, regardless of a  person's ability to pay.   Additionally, last April, President Trump signed my legislation into  law that ensures States are not forced to provide entities like Planned  Parenthood--the Nation's single largest provider of abortions--with  Federal title X dollars.   I am grateful to have worked with Congresswoman Diane Black, a dear  friend in the House; my Senate colleagues, who are with me here today;  and President Trump to make sure States are not forced to award  providers like Planned Parenthood with taxpayer dollars through title X  family planning grants.   Another effort my colleagues and I continue to work on is passing  Senator Graham's Pain-Capable Unborn Children Protection Act in the  Senate. Whenever I discuss this bill, I cannot help but share the  remarkable story of a very special family from Newton, IA.   In July 2012, Micah Pickering was born prematurely at just 20 weeks  postfertilization--the very age at which this bill would prohibit  abortions. When he was born, Micah was only--if you can imagine it-- about the size of a bag of M&Ms, about the size of the palm of my hand.  Yet Micah was still a perfectly formed baby with 10 fingers and 10  toes.   When I first met Micah, he was just a few years old, and he came to  visit me in my office. We had a photo of Micah when he was just born.  Again, folks, he was the size of the palm of my hand, a little bag of  M&Ms. I had that photo in my office. Little Micah ran up to that photo,  and he pointed at it and said: Baby.   And we said: Yes, Micah, that is a baby. That is a baby.   Just a few months ago, I had the opportunity to visit again with  Micah and his parents in my DC office. I can attest that now at 5 years  old, Micah remains a happy, healthy, energetic little boy. Stories like  Micah's show all of us that at 5 months, an unborn child is a child-- just as Micah would say--a baby.   There is also significant scientific evidence that at 5 months of  development, these babies can feel pain. Yet there is no Federal law  protecting these vulnerable babies from abortion. As a result, every  year in our country, the lives of thousands of babies just like Micah  end painfully through abortion. Currently, the United States is 1 of  only 7 countries to allow abortions at 5 months of gestation. We are in  the company of China and North Korea. Folks, this is unacceptable.   There is much work to be done in the ongoing fight to protect life.  We understand that. As folks from across the country travel to  Washington to ``March for Life'' this week, I am urging my colleagues  to join me in calling for a vote on this critical legislation that  recognizes these unborn babies as the children they are and provides  them the same protection from pain and suffering that all of our  children deserve--again, as Micah Pickering would say, ``a baby.''   