 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to join my  colleagues in making it clear just how  [[Page S5032]]  high the stakes are when it comes to our Nation's highest courts--for  our families, for our communities, for our country, and for our future.   Since the day he took office, President Trump has made one move after  another to turn the White House and the entire executive branch into a  tool for those who have the most power, the most money, and the most  influence to get even more power, more money, and more influence. From  our public schools to our public lands and more, it is hard to find any  Trump administration decision where the bottom line didn't come first.   But it is not just his administration. President Trump has  systematically worked to roll back decades of progress through our  courtrooms, from the Supreme Court on down, which will have long- lasting impacts stretching far beyond his time in the White House.   I know some of my colleagues were here last night to talk about the  absolutely egregious circuit court nominees who would do everything  they can to whittle away at our rights and freedoms as Americans. I  want to talk about that for a bit as well, but I want to take some time  first to talk about a nominee who would sit above those circuit court  nominees in our Nation's Supreme Court and who, if confirmed, would  overturn Roe v. Wade, eliminate protections for patients with  preexisting conditions, reverse settled law and precedent, and give  these extreme circuit court nominees even more room to do damage to our  Constitution, our laws, our freedoms, and our way of life.   It is telling that President Trump and his Republican and special- interest allies are desperately trying to make the case that Judge  Kavanaugh isn't well outside the mainstream, far outside the bounds of  reasonable, and deeply opposed to what people across the country want  when it comes to their rights and freedoms being protected. They may  try, but they will not succeed because the record is clear and the  facts are clear. Judge Kavanaugh is an extreme pick who would be  devastating for our country if he is confirmed, and we need to do  everything we can to stop it.   So I am standing here right now, on behalf of the families in my home  State of Washington and across this country, to be very clear about  what is at stake if President Trump and his enablers continue to try to  turn our judicial system into one that works for massive corporations  and special interests and against regular families.   Earlier today, a number of my colleagues stood in this spot to sound  the alarm on what is at stake for our environment and our public health  if the balance of this Court swings toward President Trump and his  extreme special interests. I want to expand on those concerns, and I  want to talk about just a few of the many issues that Judge Kavanaugh  would impact should he be confirmed and how awful this would be for our  families, communities, students, and workers and for our environment,  our elections, our country, and more.   But before I get into some other issues--and, again, just a few of  many--I want to start with two that I believe are most important and  that every woman, every man, and every family should be thinking very  hard about: protections for patients with preexisting conditions and  Roe v. Wade.   First, President Trump has broken promise after promise he made to  workers and families on the campaign trail, but he has never once  wavered in keeping promises he made to extreme, ideological, rightwing  special interests.   President Trump said he would make taking away patient protections-- like those for preexisting conditions--and gutting policies that have  made healthcare more affordable for millions a top priority. He failed  to jam a bill through Congress here to make those things happen. So he  has done everything he can to attack patients' healthcare from the Oval  Office.   His biggest attack yet is Judge Kavanaugh--an extremely conservative  nominee vetted by those same rightwing special interests who President  Trump is so determined to keep happy, a judge who those special  interests picked because they know he will help them undermine  affordable healthcare from the Supreme Court Bench.   I believed President Trump when he said he was determined to  undermine patients' healthcare in order to satisfy rightwing special  interests. Healthcare coverage, especially for people with preexisting  conditions, is on the line with this nomination, and we cannot afford  not to take this threat seriously.   That is not the only healthcare issue under threat. President Trump  said he would appoint Supreme Court Justices vetted by these groups for  their willingness to overturn Roe v. Wade. He said women should be  punished for having an abortion. In office, he and Vice President Mike  Pence have done virtually everything they can to restrict women's  access to healthcare and to chip away at women's constitutionally  protected reproductive rights. Unless women and men across the country  stand up to stop them, they will succeed in putting another Supreme  Court Justice who has the ideological rightwing's stamp of approval  when it comes to striking down Roe.    There is no sugarcoating this. We are on the precipice of five men  voting to overturn a historic ruling that has made women healthier and  made them more equal and more free in the United States. We cannot let  that happen.   Those are two issues that so many of us are focused on, and they are  so important, but they are far from the only ones. Another key issue I  want to briefly mention today is the rights and freedoms of our LGBTQ  friends, coworkers, neighbors, and fellow Americans. We have made  progress, but there are many questions and cases in this area that will  come before the Supreme Court in the coming years--whether it is  questions regarding equality under the adoption laws for all couples or  the rights of a couple to buy a wedding cake, whether transgender  troops can serve their country, whether someone can continue being  fired simply for being LGBTQ, and more. So there is a whole lot at  stake. Anyone who cares about this issue or anyone who simply believes  that everyone in this country should have fundamental rights and  freedoms--no matter who they are or who they love--should join us in  rejecting Judge Kavanaugh.   That is not all. We have known from day one that President Trump  would be hostile toward our bedrock environmental laws, that he was  eager to do the bidding of the coal, oil, and gas industries, that his  slogan of putting America first actually meant that the United States  would be dead last in the fight against climate change, and that  Trump's economic agenda has more to do with rolling back rules that  help to keep our kids safe from toxic pollutants, protecting our  drinking water, or preventing health problems in senior citizens--the  ones those special interest groups try to call pesky regulations and  what the rest of us moms, grandmothers, and ordinary people call  commonsense protections.   But it is apparently not enough just to attack our environment for  the administration. If you really want to shape our Nation's  environmental laws for generations to come, you put someone on the  Supreme Court for life who will consistently side with the massive  corporations and special interests that put profits ahead of the health  and well-being of families, and, boy, did those CEOs and special  interests hit the jackpot with President Trump's nominee.   You don't have to spend long looking at Judge Kavanaugh's record to  see that, should he be seated, nearly five decades of environmental  protection are at risk, including the protections enshrined in the  Clean Air Act, which has significantly cut the smog, soot, and  chemicals that choked communities prior to 1970 and prevented hundreds  of thousands of premature deaths and cases of heart disease in the  years sense.   Also at risk is the Clean Water Act, which, if erased, would take us  back to the bad old days before commonsense protections--like when the  Cuyahoga River was so polluted that it caught fire; when shellfish beds  were closed in Puget Sound, nearly decimated by pollutants; or when an  estimated 20 million gallons of sewage effluent flowed into Lake  Washington every single day.   I could go on and on about the strides our country has made to keep  our families safe, but the bottom line is that because of our landmark  environmental laws--like the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act--our  rivers are cleaner, our air is easier to breathe,  [[Page S5033]]  and families are better protected than ever before.   Though we have a lot of work yet to do, it would be a grave mistake  to go backward, and that is just what so many people fear would happen  with Judge Kavanaugh on the Bench, given his past rulings and given the  test that President Trump applied and his commitment to only nominate  someone screened and approved by the extreme right, especially his  stance that could take decisions away from our Nation's scientists and  nonpartisan professionals and put those decisions into the hands of  special interests.   That takes me to another issue I want to run through briefly: making  sure our elections in this country are free and accessible and that  corporations don't have a louder voice in our process than ordinary  voters. These are issues where our courts have failed to serve us well  in recent years, but by confirming Judge Kavanaugh, we would be  cementing this awful pattern for a generation and making necessary  reform so much more difficult.   Judge Kavanaugh will continue his habit of ruling to make it harder  and harder for citizens to vote and have a voice in this democracy. We  know this. We saw how he ruled in favor of stricter voter ID laws--ones  where the intention to make it harder for Americans to vote was clear  and absolutely the wrong way to go. We cannot have a Supreme Court that  continues to allow voter suppression.   So I ask my colleagues: If you believe that voting in our country  should be open to all and that people shouldn't have less access to the  voting booth because of where they live or the color of their skin,  join me in rejecting this nominee and demanding someone who will  protect our elections and our democracy. If you believe that Citizens  United was an awful decision that perverted the First Amendment and put  shameful amounts of power into the hands of the mega rich and the  biggest corporations, join me in rejecting this nominee and demanding  someone who would put our ordinary voters first.   If we can't stem the flow of dark, unaccountable money in politics,  and reverse the tide of the wealthiest Americans and biggest  corporations being allowed to have the loudest voices in our elections,  we are going to keep running into massive challenges as a  nation. Without a Supreme Court willing to do that, without rejecting  Judge Kavanaugh and demanding someone else, we can't do that. Giving  the most powerful among us an advantage in our elections is not the  only way Judge Kavanaugh is working for those at the top, and I want to  briefly discuss another.    Last month's Janus decision made it clear that workers and their  unions need a fair voice on the Supreme Court. Unfortunately, Judge  Kavanaugh has a long record of weakening worker protections,  undermining union rights, and making it easier for corporations and  special interests to tilt the scales of justice in their favor.   I would urge my colleagues who claim to care about the rights and  economic security of working families to join me in rejecting this  nomination and put the power back into the hands of working families  and the middle class.   This point is especially potent given the disgrace we witnessed in  Helsinki. Every American should be deeply concerned about President  Trump putting someone on the Supreme Court who is prepared to protect  him from legal attack and do his bidding.   As we all watch, many of us in horror and dismay, as President Trump  continues to do everything in his power to try and discredit the  Mueller investigation, we cannot forget, for a moment, that his Supreme  Court nominee suggested in a 2009 law review article that a sitting  President should not be subjected to criminal investigation or civil or  criminal litigation.   Does anyone think, for one second, this isn't something President  Trump was looking for? Is there anyone who has seen how President Trump  has acted, listened to what he said who thinks he is not thinking about  what happens if something related to this investigation goes to the  Supreme Court?   President Trump controls the White House. His Republicans control  both Houses of Congress. The last thing we need, the last thing any  American who truly cares about our country should want is to place the  last remaining branch--the final branch intended to be independent, to  put our Constitution first--into the hands of a Trump lackey. That  would be awful. It would eliminate even the pretense of checks and  balances. If Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, with his record and given  what we know about President Trump, that is exactly what would happen.   If you believe we should be taking the Russian election interference  into U.S. elections seriously, join me in rejecting this nominee and  demanding someone who would be truly independent and place an  appropriate check on Executive power.   If you believe a President is not above the law, join me in rejecting  this nominee and demanding someone who will take our Constitution and  our judicial independence seriously.   If you believe Executive power is not unilateral and that real checks  and balances are required, join me in rejecting this nominee and  demanding someone who will clearly and unequivocally make sure that  continues to be a reality.   Finally, I want to highlight Judge Kavanaugh's troubling record on  commonsense gun safety. This is an issue that certainly hit close to  home for far too many people in recent years. Churches, schools,  concerts, it seems like no place is immune to the rampant gun violence  happening in the country, which is why millions of Americans have taken  to the streets in recent months to demand action.   Yet, at the same time, Judge Kavanaugh has taken a far more expansive  interpretation of the Second Amendment and has vigorously argued that  assault weapon bans are unconstitutional. His position is far more  extreme than even the late Justice Scalia. It is no wonder the NRA  immediately applauded Judge Kavanaugh's nomination and has pledged now  to spend untold amounts to seal the deal on his confirmation.   Those are just a few issues weighing on so many people's minds right  now. I could go on about what is at stake if President Trump turns his  White House, and potentially now the judicial system, into one that  favors the powerful few.   I would like to close by saying there are few things I take as  seriously as a Senator than my duty to consider and vote on a Supreme  Court nominee. In my time in the Senate, I have had the opportunity to  consider nominees from Democrats and nominees from Republicans. I voted  for some of them, I voted against some of them, each on their merits,  and each based on how I think they would serve.   This time is different. We know exactly where President Trump's  Supreme Court nominee will fall on the specific issues, no matter what  vague answers Judge Kavanaugh chooses to deliver through this process.   Why do we know this? Because President Trump told us openly,  publicly, and repeatedly. The President laid out specific tests and  promised to only pick nominees from a prescreened list of people who  would absolutely meet them.   Nobody should be fooled. Judge Kavanaugh is a rubberstamp. He will  stand with special interests over families, and he will take our  country in the wrong direction.   I urge my colleagues, stand with me in rejecting Judge Kavanaugh's  nomination and join me in calling on President Trump to send us someone  who would stand with women, with our workers, with our families, and  who would truly commit to respecting settled law and the rights and  freedoms we all hold dear and the longstanding protections that help  keep our families safe and healthy.   I yield the floor.   