 Mr. Speaker, the right-to-try legislation  will be considered on the House floor today. This is about giving  people hope to try. It is about hope to try investigational drugs which  have passed the first of three phases of the FDA clinical trial  process, the safety testing phase. And these investigational drugs  could possibly prolong or save the lives of terminally ill patients.   I like to remind my colleagues that a little boy was in Washington,  D.C., on the House floor just last week when we first voted on this  legislation. Prior to that vote, I had met Jordan during an Energy and  Commerce Committee hearing focusing on the implementation of the 21st  Century Cures Act.   Jordan McLinn is a second grader from Indianapolis who may look like  any other healthy child, but he has Duchenne muscular dystrophy, or  DMD, a fatal, degenerative condition which causes muscle weakness. DMD  is caused by an absence of dystrophin, a protein that helps keep muscle  cells intact. Oftentimes, kids born with DMD are wheelchair-bound by  age 12, and they have a life expectancy of just 25 years old.   DMD is a genetic disease that is typically passed on to boys through  their mother's X chromosome. But sometimes the mother is not a carrier,  there is no family history of the disease, but a child is born with the  disease anyway. This is what happened to Jordan McLinn. His mother,  Laura, is not a carrier. This disease does not run in their family.   Jordan was born with DMD, but it was not diagnosed until he was 4  years old. So can you imagine what this family has been through? After  Jordan was diagnosed, his family hit the ground running, trying to find  the best possible treatment options and therapies for people with DMD.  His mother, Laura, was quoted in The Indianapolis Star today in an  article focused on the right-to-try bill saying: ``The reason we have  remained on this journey and fighting so hard for it is not necessarily  for Jordan immediately. It's for all the patients that we've met along  the way.''    Jordan and his family have been on this journey advocating this fair  and compassionate bill in Indiana and beyond for Jordan but also for so  many others. In 2015, then-Governor Mike Pence signed Indiana's right- to-try law with Jordan McLinn by his side. Now a total of 38 States  have already passed laws that take a variety of approaches to helping  vulnerable patients. By passing this legislation in the House today, we  will increase access--nationwide--to unapproved, investigational drugs  for patients with a terminal illness.   In that same IndyStar article I mentioned earlier, Laura shared that  Jordan has always wanted to be a firefighter, but now, after coming to  the Nation's Capital many times, he has aspirations to be something  else. He now wants to be President of the United States. This bill  allows Jordan to have those big dreams, and it will be providing  patients across this country with hope.   Yes, it is hope, hope for patients that they may find the cure  someday that they have been searching and fighting for, hope for  patients and their families that there will be more time to make more  memories that can last a lifetime.   In closing, I would just like to emphasize how critically important  it is that Congress join together to support the bill for the millions  of Americans who fight for their lives because of a terminal illness. I  urge my colleagues to support this bill.   