 Mr. President, I join my colleagues on the floor to  speak in opposition to the nomination of Alex Azar to head the  Department of Health and Human Services.   I believe Mr. Azar is, first and foremost, a product of the  pharmaceutical industry, with a long, consistent track record of  sharply increasing drug prices during his tenure at Lilly USA.   Furthermore, his nomination makes clear that President Trump did not  mean it when he said repeatedly during the campaign that pharmaceutical  companies are ``getting away with murder'' and that he as President  would dramatically reduce drug prices for seniors and all Americans.  Mr. Azar's nomination is yet one more example of the Trump  administration putting special interests above the public interest and  public safety.   Mr. Azar has long opposed any Federal intervention in prescription  drug pricing, things like allowing Medicare to negotiate for drug  prices. Of course, his former company has profited handsomely from the  government's hands-off approach. When Mr. Azar became the president of  Lilly USA, he also became the chair of its pricing committee and had a  major say in price increases for all domestically sold Lilly drugs from  2012 to 2014. During that time, the list and net prices of Lilly's  drugs that were sold in the United States increased by double-digit  percentages each year.   As cochair of the Senate's Diabetes Caucus, I am especially troubled  that during Mr. Azar's time with the company, Lilly more than tripled  the price of insulin--jacking up the price from $74 to $269. Much of  that increase occurred during Mr. Azar's years as chair of the pricing  committee. These price increases are not only exorbitant but have  caused real hardship to many of the nearly 30 million Americans who  live with diabetes. As Candidate Trump would have put it, Lilly, under  Mr. Azar's leadership, was ``getting away with murder.''   I am also concerned that Mr. Azar will continue and even ramp up the  Trump administration's across-the-board campaign to sabotage our  healthcare system. We are now 1 year into this administration's efforts  to undermine the Affordable Care Act. Regrettably, it is working. The  uninsured rate rose in 2017 by 1.3 percentage points. That was nearly  3.2 million more people who were without health insurance.   Already, the administration has eliminated those payments that allow  insurance companies to keep down premiums and reduce copays and  deductibles, and that has created further hardship on people who  desperately need health insurance. Without reason or justification, the  administration cut the open enrollment period by half. It slashed the  budget for open enrollment ads on TV, radio, and the internet by 90  percent, which shut down most efforts to inform consumers about their  enrollment options.   Despite these efforts, they were not successful in dramatically  reducing the number of people who tried to enroll in the Affordable  Care Act because enrollment for 2018 was 8.8 million people compared to  9.2 million the year before. It shows how desperately people want to  have health insurance. Of course, we know that since that enrollment  period, the Republican leaders in Congress have used the tax bill to  repeal the individual mandate. Meanwhile, in an interview, Mr. Azar  spoke of his desire to ``hasten [the Affordable Care Act's] demise.''  Apparently, he doesn't appreciate that the Affordable Care Act and  Medicaid expansion, in particular, have been absolutely critical tools  in the fight against the opioid epidemic.    I urge Mr. Azar and President Trump to read the front page story in  Sunday's New York Times. The story is about the devastating  consequences of the opioid epidemic in my State of New Hampshire. The  article is titled ``How a `Perfect Storm' in New Hampshire Has Fueled  an Opioid Crisis.'' It was accompanied by an even more compelling  article, titled ``1 Son, 4 Overdoses, 6 Hours,'' which profiles the  life of Patrick Griffin of Pembroke, NH. In shocking detail, the  article documents how Mr. Griffin, who has struggled for years with a  substance misuse disorder, overdosed four times within a 6-hour period.  Twice within those 6 hours, emergency medical responders came to his  house and revived him with Narcan, the antidote that reverses opioid  overdoses.   In reading that article, some people will ask: Why can't he just  control his substance use disorder? They don't understand this is a  disease, that it changes people's brain makeups--the chemistry of an  individual's brain. Just like heart disease or diabetes or any other  chronic illness, there is a physiology that is involved with that that  affects a person's ability to get better.   One of the things that saves people like Patrick when one is  overdosing is the drug Narcan, or naloxone, which is the official name.  It has been used so much in New Hampshire that most people refer to it  as Narcan. We have seen that the pharmaceutical industry has  dramatically increased the price of Narcan as this epidemic has spread.   The price of the drug that is needed by so many to save their lives  has increased dramatically. A two-dose package of Narcan, manufactured  by Evzio, cost $690 in 2014. It is $4,500 today. Generic doses of  Narcan have increased between 95 and 129 percent since 2012. Bear in  mind, it often takes multiple doses to revive people who have  overdosed, so this has an impact on our healthcare system. In New  Hampshire, it has had an impact on families, on municipalities, on  first responders--all of those people who are trying to save people who  have overdosed.  [[Page S485]]    As we all know, the opioid epidemic is a nationwide crisis, with some  63,000 Americans having been killed by drug overdoses in 2016. New  Hampshire has been especially hard hit. The demise of the Affordable  Care Act, which Mr. Azar says he wants, would mean that thousands of  Granite Staters would lose access to treatment, with there being  devastating consequences. That is true not just in New Hampshire but in  States across this country. I think it is unconscionable that a  Secretary of Health and Human Services would take away one of our most  valuable tools for combating substance use disorders and that he would  actively oppose access to healthcare for millions of Americans.   For me, between Mr. Azar's coziness with the pharmaceutical industry  and his disdain for the Affordable Care Act, which is the law of the  land and which Mr. Azar would be charged with administering as  Secretary, I think he is the wrong person to serve in the critically  important post of Secretary of Health and Human Services. I intend to  vote against his confirmation, and I hope my colleagues will do the  same.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The President pro tempore.   (The remarks of Mr. Hatch and Mr. Alexander pertaining to the  introduction of S. 2334 are printed in today's Record under  ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')   