 Mr. President, I am really pleased to be on the floor  today to join my fellow Senator from Missouri to talk about, as a  fellow member of the Appropriations Committee, what I think are the  real highlights and the good parts about the fact that the process is  moving but also what is contained within the process.   Senator Blunt did a great job, I think, of explaining some of the  more detailed areas that are important to the entire Country but also  to his area. I am going to do the same for my State of West Virginia.   I want to commend the committee leadership, both the committee chairs  and the ranking members, and our Senate leadership, both Senator  McConnell and Senator Schumer, for moving this process forward and for  making good on the promise that we are going to return the  appropriations process to regular order.   I tried it to explain it in a radio interview today. I found myself  saying: Well, of course, we would be doing this every year, because  appropriating money every year is one of the core missions of the  Congress. It kind of hasn't worked out that way. This progress that we  are making on these four bills and the three previous bills, I think,  are an indicator that we will have overwhelming bipartisan support.  Each of these bills was written under the budget agreement that we  passed and President Trump signed into law.   These bills address a broad range of national concerns and  priorities. They highlight areas that we found bipartisan agreement and  support on. I am also happy that many of these bills not only have  national priorities, but a lot of the national priorities are focused  toward different States--rural America, urban America, agriculture  America, highly technical jobs, et cetera.   Since my first days in the Senate, I have been committed to doing all  that I can to advance the issues that help the Mountain State,  including improving our economy and making room for  [[Page S5338]]  growth and development, fighting burdensome and overreaching  environmental regulations that have crippled our coal industry,  improving broadband access in our rural communities and across the  States, and fighting the opioid epidemic that has disproportionately  affected my State of West Virginia and is devastating so many families  and communities not only in our State but across the country.   The bills under consideration today include resources and directions  to address each of these priorities and many others.   In our Omnibus appropriations act of 2018, we made a significant  investment in a pilot project at the USDA to improve rural broadband in  unserved and underserved areas. The State of West Virginia is right in  there in terms of lack of broadband deployment in our most rural areas.  The Agriculture appropriations bill in this minibus builds on those  investments and provides an additional $400 million into that pilot  program.   Closing the digital divide has been one of my top priorities. I  started my Capito Connect plan to talk about the progress that can be  made. This pilot program will help us to build on that progress and  connect areas that previously lacked service, making that the highlight  of the bill for me.   We had a hearing today about 5G in the Commerce Committee and about  how much faster speeds and more advanced technology can improve the  economy and how it can be extrapolated to the numbers of jobs and the  numbers of dollars into the economy. I am a firm believer that  technology is going to drive this, but for those areas that are still  left behind or are still on the wrong side of the digital divide,  certainly, the program within the USDA is going to be a big boost.   I have already had several conversations with USDA to make sure they  understand the unique challenges that we face in West Virginia when it  comes to connectivity and so that they continue to keep these  challenges in mind as they move forward on the pilot programs.   Every Senator here could make an argument on what their particular  challenges are. One of the challenges that we face that some of our  midwesterners don't face as much is our terrain. We are not called the  Mountain State for nothing. It is hard to drive from one place to  another without being in a mountain. If you don't live on a hill, you  live in the valley. That creates challenges for connectivity that  technology is going to drive. I am very encouraged about this. I am  very encouraged, not just about the broadband part of agriculture but  the rural development, water, and electricity infrastructure and about  opposing cuts to several programs that have been very helpful to our  rural communities.   West Virginia, as does every State, also has challenges and  opportunities in the transportation sector. I see the chairman of the  Transportation Subcommittee here, Senator Collins. She has done great  work on the T-HUD appropriations bill. Some of these--certainly, the  Airport Improvement Program and the Contract Tower Program--are very  important to our smaller airports as well as to our cities, which  receive the CDBG funding. They provide ways to improve communities and  ways to move forward with the housing and development we need. Also,  just in a smaller sense, they help the rail service by ensuring we have  a ticket agent in Charleston for Amtrak. It sounds like a small thing,  but it is good for tourism and good for our city and good that our  Hinton Railroad days will be able to go on uninterrupted.    One thing that has been interrupted in the last several years is any  kind of sustained economic progress in our coal and energy sectors--the  result, I believe, of the previous administration's never-ending war on  coal. Thanks to the new administration, that war is over. This bill  will help us in making sure that what remains will give us a fair and  even playing field.   The Interior portion of this bill ensures that the EPA returns to its  core mission of environmental cleanup. The Interior bill, which, I  should note, passed the subcommittee by 31 to 0--everybody voted for it  in committee--also emphasizes the need to fund the deferred maintenance  of our national parks. This is something for which I have long  advocated. We are at a point at which we are really going to make a  significant difference here.   The Secretary of the Interior is really devoted to this, as is the  President. This is very much a bipartisan effort.   It restores proposed cuts to the Clean Water and Drinking Water State  Revolving Funds and grants programs that are tremendously helpful to  States and localities. Some of these grants are not very large, but  they make the difference of there being clean, drinkable water and  water systems as opposed to having to bring your water in, which, in  this day and age, in my opinion, in our country shouldn't be happening.   The bill also includes funding to continue a pilot program through  the Abandoned Mine Lands Funds to invest in projects that will  strengthen our local economies. Obviously, this has been very helpful  in West Virginia and in Pennsylvania. We have a lot of abandoned mine  land area that needs reclamation, that needs repurposing, and this  program is very helpful for that.   The final bill is the Financial Services and General Government bill.  I served as the chair of the FSGG bill in the last Congress, during the  fiscal year 2018 budget. I was pleased that the funding levels we  placed in fiscal year 2018 have remained and that some of the  priorities have remained in fiscal year 2019, including a historic  increase for the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas, called the  HIDTA Program. This is out of the White House's Office of National Drug  Control Policy, where you get a coordinated effort from your State,  local, and Federal law enforcement to stop the illegal flow of drugs  into our country, which is literally killing a generation and is  killing a lot of our communities.   We have an increase in there for drug-free communities, something  that is a ground-up program, where your communities get together and  ask: How do we solve this problem we have in our small communities?  This increase, I think, demonstrates a commitment to the Office of  National Drug Control Policy and a rejection of the proposed  elimination of the ONDCP.   In having been a Member who voted for the historic tax cuts and tax  relief we passed in December, I want to make sure the IRS can implement  this so we don't have a glitch or a hitch while people are getting more  money back when filing their new taxes. The IRS needs these resources.  It just so happens that a lot of those IRS workers actually live and  work in the State of West Virginia, so this will have a great impact, I  think, in my region.   As one can see, we are doing the people's business by taking up and  debating these appropriations bills. I think the committee is  functioning, and the Senate floor is already functioning with three  bills having gone out and there having been the opportunity for  everybody to have weighed in, yea or nay. That is kind of why we are  sent here, isn't it? We are sent here to express an opinion, to vote,  to make the thoughts of our constituents and our own thoughts known. I  am even proud that a lot of the resources we are going to be addressing  in these bills will help to address very important West Virginia  priorities.   I look forward to the continuing debate on amendments, to the  continuing openness of the process, and to the continuing cooperation  and dedication of spirit to do the work we have been sent to do--to  appropriate the money, to prioritize our tax dollars, and to show the  efficiency and care that every single one of our taxpayers deserves.  That is what we are doing today.   I yield the floor.   