 Mr. Speaker, long before 2017, our Tax Code had become  broken, complicated, and outdated. It no longer worked for our families  or our businesses. We needed to rebuild confidence in our private  sector and provide release for families. We needed to bring back  America's competitive edge by giving job creators freedom from  punishing high taxes. And when tax reform was signed into law last  December, we accomplished that.   In our bill, we doubled the standard deduction and lowered the rate  for individuals, which means that parents and families are keeping more  of their money in their pockets.   We also dramatically reduced the tax rate for small businesses so  they can invest in the people who keep their businesses moving. And now  we want to make those cuts permanent.   The Tax Foundation estimates that implementing permanent relief will  create 1.5 million new jobs and increase our GDP by 2.2 percent.  Permanent tax cuts will continue to encourage the economic growth that  has put our Nation back in the front of competition. It will give  taxpayers room to breathe when it comes to saving for life's unexpected  challenges or emergencies, and it will allow our families to save money  by expanding access to new and existing savings vehicles for their  children's education.   That is what tax reform is all about: allowing taxpayers to keep more  money in their pockets so that they can choose what to do with their  money. Americans know how to spend their money better than the  government does. It is as simple as that.   I am proud of our accomplishments, because it means people can  breathe easier and with confidence. But we still have work to do to  ensure that our Tax Code remains competitive, innovative, and better.  Tax reform is boosting our economy, and we want to add to that  momentum.   So, with the bill that the Ways and Means Committee is working on, we  have an opportunity to bring permanent certainty to millions of  Americans, and we intend to do just that.   