 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Florida for yielding me time.   Madam Speaker, America has always been a nation of problem-solvers.  When our country is confronted with a seemly impossible challenge, we  tackle it head-on. We conduct research, we examine evidence, and we  perform studies, and we don't quit until we have made meaningful  progress.   From reducing automobile and aviation deaths to eradicating deadly  diseases, we always rise to the challenge. In each case, a serious  problem was claiming too many lives; and American determination, based  on rigorous research, helped solve or mitigate that problem.   However, there is one place where we have deviated from this proud  American tradition and abandoned an evidence-based approach to  addressing our Nation's most pressing challenges, and that is when it  comes to the problem of gun violence.   Homicides in this country occur as a part of the daily drumbeat of  violence in our communities. They also take place in the context of  mass shootings, like the recent tragedies at Pulse and Parkland, where  a single individual transformed a place of life into a war zone.   Let me be clear. Gun violence is a plague upon this Nation and must  be treated like the public health crisis it is.   Instead of confronting this problem with courage and candor, Congress  has cowered in fear. For over 20 years, a single sentence, known as the  Dickey amendment, has been added to the annual bill that funds the CDC  and other Federal agencies.   We can debate the exact meaning of the Dickey amendment, what it does  and does not allow, but the reality is that federally sponsored  research on ways to reduce gun violence has come to a grinding halt.   I introduced a bipartisan bill to repeal the Dickey amendment, and it  currently has 170 cosponsors. There are many steps that we can take  right now to protect our communities and our children, while respecting  the Second Amendment.   One of these steps should be to empower our Nation to fund  independent, unbiased gun violence research that will lead to policies  that save lives. It is the right and patriotic thing to do.   