 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support  of my bill--the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing  Innovation Act of 2018 or PAHPA. I'm proud to have introduced this  important bill with my good friend Representative Anna Eshoo who was  one of the original authors of the 2006 PAHPA bill and lead author of  the last reauthorization in 2013.   This bipartisan public health and national security effort will  ensure our nation is better prepared to respond to natural disasters  like hurricanes, emerging infectious diseases like  [[Page H10393]]  Zika or Ebola, and chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear  attacks whether from terrorist groups or from nation states.   The threats we face are not hypothetical.   Since August of this year, 315 people in the Democratic Republic of  Congo have died from Ebola. The ongoing Ebola outbreak in the  Democratic Republic of Congo is now the second largest outbreak in  history. More than 530 cases have been reported with 18 new confirmed  cases over the weekend.   Thanks to PAHPA and the 21st Century Cures Act, we are more prepared  for biological threats and attacks. In July, the FDA approved the first  drug to treat smallpox--TPOXX. But, TPOXX is not the only recent  approval at the FDA. On July 10th, the FDA approved an autoinjector  which provides a one-time dose of an antidote to block effects of a  nerve agent. This new antidote and TPOXX will help protect Americans  from biological attacks.   But, PAHPA is much more than just a biodefense bill. It also helps  ensure a coordinated health care response to hurricanes. During the  2017 hurricane season, Hurricanes Florence, Harvey, Irma, Jose, and  Maria killed hundreds of Americans and showed us that we need to do  better to prioritize the needs of every person in our communities. The  PAHPA bill we are considering today does that by prioritizing our  nation's most vulnerable populations--our children, senior citizens,  and people with disabilities. It reauthorizes the advisory committee  focused on the specific needs of children, and creates NEW advisory  committees to ensure the needs of the elderly and people with  disabilities are considered.   The bill provides liability protections for doctors who volunteer  after a medical disaster. In addition to these Good Samaritan  provisions, the bill also ensures more health care professionals like  nurses and doctors can be hired and trained when facing a public health  crisis by strengthening the National Disaster Medical System, which  provides grants to our regional health care network. It also ensures we  have a robust supply of vaccines, basic equipment like gloves, hazmat  suits, masks and more in our Strategic National Stockpiles located all  across the country, so these professionals have the equipment they  need.   PAHPA ensures our preparedness and response capabilities will include  a robust pipeline of medical countermeasures by reauthorizing and  increasing funding for the BioShield Special Reserve Fund and BARDA-- the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority. BARDA's  work over the last decade has resulted in FDA approvals for more than  42 different medical countermeasures. The development of medical  countermeasures is a lengthy and often risky endeavor, which is why  sending a clear signal that BARDA remains a strong and committed  partner with academic institutions and the private sector in these  efforts is so important.   In September, we saw another example of the success of research  funded by BARDA when the FDA approved ReCell--the first spray on skin  product ever approved for use in the United States. This new treatment  will help treat burn victims so that they can heal faster and with less  risk of infection from painful skin grafts. By using a piece of a  patient's skin about the size of a credit card, a doctor can turn it  into a single cell based solution that can be sprayed over the  patient's burns so that new skin can grow and replace the damaged and  burnt skin.   While the investments BARDA is making into innovative research and  new treatments are critical, it is also important that we continue to  address threats that have been around for years. It has been 100 years  since the 1918 pandemic influenza killed millions of people around the  globe including 675,000 in the United States. Some experts predict that  we are due for another global pandemic influenza. To address that  threat, the bill we are considering today authorizes $250 million for  the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (the ASPR) to  address threats like pandemic influenza. Specifically, the bill directs  the ASPR to work to increase manufacturing capacity and stockpile  medical countermeasures. While the PAHPA bill we are considering today  authorizes funding for research into known threats like pandemic  influenza it also maintains the flexibility that is the foundation of  our medical countermeasure enterprise to deal with unknown threats for  which we may have no defense today.   The PAHPA reauthorization bill we are considering is the process of  months of committee work in both the House and Senate. I cannot  emphasize enough how critically important it is to reauthorize PAHPA  this year, and I encourage the Senate to quickly take up and pass H.R.  7328.   I would urge all Members to support this critical piece of  legislation.   