 Mr. President, today I wish to honor the men and women  who keep our communities and our country safe as we celebrate National  Police Week. This week, we recognize the sacrifices of those who have  taken a pledge to continually serve and protect families in Nebraska  and across this Nation. Every year, thousands of families, friends, and  comrades of fallen officers gather in our Nation's Capital to offer a  solemn tribute to law enforcement officers.   Today I wish to pay special tribute to the men and women who protect  my home State of Nebraska. These officers risk their own safety for the  safety of others. In times of crisis, they run toward danger, not away  from it. We are forever indebted to them and so fortunate to have them.   I also would like to express a profound sense of gratitude for those  who have fallen in the line of duty.   In 2017, we lost one of our own officers in Nebraska. Omaha Tribal  Police Sergeant Curtis Blackbird was responding to a call when his car  fatally struck construction equipment while driving through dense fog  in the area. Sadly, traffic-related accidents are a leading cause of  on-duty law enforcement deaths. Sergeant Blackbird served the Tribal  communities in Macy, NE, for over 17 years as a law enforcement officer  and earlier as an EMT. His comrades described him as someone special to  the law enforcement community and the Tribe's own ``personal warrior.''   This month will also mark the 3-year anniversary of Officer Kerrie  Orozco's death. On May 20, 2015, Officer Orozco was preparing to serve  an arrest warrant as a member of the department's metro area fugitive  task force. When her team arrived, the suspect opened fire and 29-year- old Kerrie was hit. Tragically, she was on her last day of duty before  starting maternity leave to care for her newborn daughter, who had  spent months in neonatal intensive care. Kerrie's legacy lives on  through her husband, Hector, her daughter Olivia and her two  stepchildren.   On National Police Week, we honor fallen officers across our Nation  who share a similar story. Our police officers and first responders are  a constant reminder of bravery and sacrifice in the face of peril. As  we remember them, we also pray for the families of fallen officers who  are faced with their own heroic burden.   I am proud to cosponsor the senior Senator from Iowa's Senate  resolution commemorating National Police Week. This bipartisan  resolution acknowledges the selfless acts of bravery undertaken by law  enforcement officers and recognizes the need to ensure our law  enforcement officers have the adequate equipment, training, and  resources required to safeguard our democracy.   Our men and women in blue serve with valor, dignity, and integrity.  For all of our officers who keep our communities safe: Thank you. We  are  [[Page S2770]]  grateful for all that you do. We know that the weight of what you do  every day is heavy, we thank you for your dedication, and we honor your  service. May God bless you and your families.   