 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we just marked the 25th anniversary  of the Family and Medical Leave Act, known to most as FMLA.   When FMLA passed 25 years ago, it was an incredible step forward for  millions of working families. They finally had the legal right to step  away from their jobs to take care of their families without the risk of  being fired. But we now know that the law just has not kept up with the  times.   FMLA doesn't apply to 40 percent of the workforce, and it doesn't  guarantee any pay during the time the worker is away. In fact, 25 years  after FMLA was signed into law, we are still the only industrialized  country in the world that doesn't guarantee access to some form of paid  leave. That means that workers all over the country are losing wages  and retirement savings when they take time off. The economy is losing  tens of millions of dollars. We have to change this because FMLA is not  good enough anymore.   We need an actual national paid leave program, and I am pleased to  see that paid leave has now clearly become a bipartisan issue. Both  parties agree that paid leave is something that our country desperately  needs and urgently wants to have.   Earlier today, a group of Republican colleagues announced a proposal  they claim would solve this problem, but it is clear that their  proposal will not help the vast majority of working Americans. In fact,  it would not create a real paid leave program that covers all workers.   Not only that, this plan will actually rob the Social Security trust  fund. This would not strengthen Social Security; it would weaken Social  Security. No worker should have to borrow against their own Social  Security benefits, which are already too low, to get paid family leave  when they need it to take care of a new baby, a sick family member, a  dying parent, or themselves. And let's not forget that Social Security  already pays women less than men. So this proposal would make that  problem even worse.   If you are watching this debate right now and you are wondering  whether Congress is finally going to pass a paid leave law that  actually helps working Americans, don't be fooled by this Republican  proposal.   If your son is diagnosed with cancer and you need time to bring him  to his chemotherapy appointments, their plan will do nothing for you.  If your elderly mother has dementia and you need time to be by her  side, this plan will do nothing for you. If your husband has a heart  attack and he needs you there while he recovers, this plan does nothing  for you.   Right now, millions of American workers are stuck choosing between  earning a paycheck and leaving their jobs to take care of a loved one  when some medical emergency happens, and if this bill passes, that  would not change.   Listen to what a woman named Shelby went through because she didn't  have paid leave.   Shelby is a mother and a grandmother, and she takes care of her  parents. She is a security officer, committed to keeping her community  safe. We all know that we can never predict when medical emergencies  happen. All of a sudden, Shelby's youngest daughter and parent needed  medical attention at the same time. Shelby had to leave work because  her family needed her, but all she had was FMLA--unpaid leave--which  counted as an employment disciplinary action where she worked.   As Shelby put it, taking unpaid leave was an enormous financial  burden for her. She couldn't keep up with her rent or utility costs,  and it took her months to catch up on just paying her bills. She was  able to keep her job, but she suffered far more than she should have,  with an enormous amount of added stress on top of her family's medical  issues, because she didn't have paid leave. This Republican proposal  would not help her.   We have to fix this. Even President Trump agrees. In his State of the  Union Address last week, he said: My response is this: Actions speak  louder  [[Page S675]]  than words. Our country needs a real paid leave plan.   If President Trump and Congress really are serious about creating a  national paid leave program, then I urge them to support my paid leave  bill, which would actually work. It would cover all workers, not just  new moms. It is called the FAMILY Act.   The FAMILY Act would finally guarantee paid family and medical leave  to every working American. The FAMILY Act is affordable. It is an  accessible earned benefit that you and your employer would contribute  into together. It would stay with you for your entire career, no matter  where you worked. It is universal and comprehensive. It is for women  and for men. It is for the young and the elderly. It is for workers in  big companies or small companies or even if they are self-employed, it  would only cost about the cost of a cup of coffee a week.   This is the kind of paid leave program that our country needs, and  anything less is just not enough.   Five States around the country have already stood up for what is  right and given their workers access to paid leave. These States,  including my home State of New York, are doing a much better job than  Congress of meeting the needs of their people on this issue.   California, for example, has had their paid leave program for more  than a decade. I know some of my colleagues are worried about whether  paid leave is good for business, so I hope they will listen to these  numbers.   In a survey, 90 percent of business owners in California said that  paid leave had a positive or, at worst, no negative effect on their  profit or their productivity and on their retention. Ninety-nine  percent of them said that it boosted morale.   Paid leave is good for business and it is good for working families,  so we have to pass it. I know there is bipartisan support to do it.  Let's start rewarding work again and give people the opportunity to  earn a better life for their families, and let's finally give Americans  access to paid leave.   I urge my colleagues to join me in this fight and pass the FAMILY  Act.   I now wish to yield the floor to my colleague from Illinois, who is  also going to speak about why this is good for America.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   