 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I want to start today by sharing a  story that is very personal to me and that has informed my work and my  values ever since it happened. When I was in college, a friend of  mine--we were close and lived together in the dorm--went out on a date.  She was raped. She got pregnant. She didn't know where to get a safe  abortion, and she wasn't wealthy. So she knew she couldn't afford it,  either. The botched procedure she ended up having left her, at a very  young age, unable to bear children.   I saw my friend hurt and frightened, alone and unable to get the care  she needed because someone else's beliefs mattered more under our laws  than her health and her future. That impacted me a lot, and it has  stayed with me to this day.    Let me tell you a few other stories. This is the story of a woman I  met just a few weeks ago. When she was 23, fresh out of college, she  became pregnant while living paycheck to paycheck in what she described  as ``an extremely unhealthy and volatile relationship.''   She and her partner realized they were not ready to be parents and  couldn't afford to raise a child, so they drove to a Planned Parenthood  a few miles from her apartment. There, she was informed of her options.  She was treated with respect and kindness and got a safe, legal  abortion. Today, she is a writer and an editor and the mother of an  adorable little boy, with another child on the way.   Here is another story. This young woman became pregnant in her first  semester of college after a contraceptive failure. Having a baby would  not only have meant dropping out of college but returning to an abusive  home. She was grateful to be in New Jersey when this happened, where  she could get an abortion without a waiting period and where there are  a number of providers. She wrote that abortion access was ``critical in  allowing me to determine my life path'' and in escaping the abusive  household she had grown up in.   Finally, there is the story of a partner in a major law firm who was  already the mother of a 3-year-old child. She was thrilled to find out  she was pregnant with another child. But headed into the sixth month of  her pregnancy, she and her husband were told that because of a rare  heart defect, there was, in the best case scenario, just a 10-percent  chance of the pregnancy making it to term, and there was less than a 1- percent chance of their baby making it to its first birthday--with no  hope of a reasonable quality of life.   There is no right answer when it comes to decisions like these. Some  women, some families choose one way; some, another. But this woman and  her husband made the decision to end the pregnancy. It was their  family, their future--her choice. She says she knows she did the right  thing for her and her family, as difficult as it was.   A year later, she gave birth to a healthy son. She wrote: ``I have  shared my story with my children and hope that should my daughter ever  find herself in a position similar to mine, she will enjoy the same  rights that were available to me.''   There are decades between my college friend's story and the three I  just told and the historic ruling in Roe v. Wade, which affirmed that  our Constitution protects a woman's right to control her own healthcare  decisions. Roe and the rulings that have upheld it make clear what  women across the country know at their core to be true--that  reproductive freedom is essential to a woman's ability to control her  future, plan her family, and contribute to  [[Page S5325]]  her community in all the ways she may choose to, as those three women  were able to.   Reproductive freedom means women are more able to participate equally  and fully in our country. And while I can't adequately express how  frustrating it is to have to assert this in the 21st Century, we are  stronger today because women in the United States are treated more  equally than we were in the 1970s. In fact, former Federal Reserve  Chair Janet Yellen--the only woman to hold this position in the  Reserve's 100-year history--has said that our country's economic growth  in the last half-century was in large part due to women joining the  labor force, and to continue the growth we have seen, we will need to  do more to ensure that more women have a level playing field in the  workplace and in society as a whole.   But the progress women have made--and the prospect of future  progress--truly hangs in the balance. Today, I want not only to  emphasize how real this threat is but also to paint a picture of how  much more unequal life would be for women in the United States of  America should Judge Kavanaugh be confirmed and add a fifth vote on the  Supreme Court for overturning Roe v. Wade and rolling back reproductive  rights women have had for more than four decades.   Let me say it again. The threat to women's reproductive rights is  frighteningly real. It is real because, unless Democrats and  Republicans come together, President Trump will follow through on his  promise to overturn Roe.   On the campaign trail, Candidate Trump assured extreme, anti-choice  special interest groups that he would implement their agenda if  elected. He established a litmus test for Supreme Court nominees and  released a list of potential picks, each of whom had demonstrated  opposition to a woman's right to choose.   He said that under his Presidency, Roe would be overturned  automatically once he had the opportunity to appoint Justices because  they would all be pro-life. He said that women should be punished for  having abortions. He chose a Vice President, Mike Pence, whose views on  women and women's health are about as antiquated as smelling salts--and  far more damaging.   Candidate Trump aligned himself unequivocally with those who want to  roll back women's rights. And while President Trump has broken promise  after promise to workers and families, he has never once wavered in  following through for those anti-choice special interests.   He has done virtually everything he can to chip away at women's  constitutionally protected reproductive rights from the Oval Office,  whether it is proposing a domestic gag rule that would allow the  government to interfere in provider-patient relationships, attempting  time and again to defund Planned Parenthood, or trying to allow  virtually any employer to decide to exclude birth control coverage from  their employer-sponsored coverage.   I could go on.   Anyone who says President Trump isn't applying an anti-choice litmus  test in this nomination or thinks it is unclear where President Trump's  allegiance lies when it comes to women's health should take a look at  what he has said and done. Unless they willfully ignore the facts, they  will quickly realize that the President, far beyond any modern  President, has championed the anti-choice cause and has found exactly  what he is looking for in Judge Kavanaugh--a fifth vote to overturn Roe  v. Wade.   The best evidence that Judge Kavanaugh would overturn Roe is that  extreme, anti-choice groups vetted his likelihood to do exactly that  and sent him straight to President Trump.   But I do want to address a few aspects of Judge Kavanaugh's records  that, to me, expose how unqualified he is to make decisions that will  impact women from all backgrounds for generations to come. When I  examine the record and history of a Supreme Court nominee, I hope to  see a breadth of life experience, the ability to walk in someone else's  shoes. Judge Kavanaugh has not demonstrated either of those qualities.   In expressing support for Justice Rehnquist's dissent in Roe--where  the Justice argued for allowing restrictions on women's reproductive  rights--Kavanaugh agreed with the idea that if a right is not  explicitly stated in the Constitution, it must be ``rooted in the  traditions and conscience of our people.'' But he made clear that he  does not believe a woman's right to choose is rooted in the traditions  or the conscience of our people.   I am deeply concerned about who Judge Kavanaugh thinks about and  trusts when he imagines the traditions and conscience of our people and  makes those decisions accordingly.   His opinions from the bench only heighten my concern. In one opinion,  Judge Kavanaugh ruled to allow the Trump administration to block a  pregnant 17-year-old who arrived alone at our borders from accessing an  abortion until the government could place her with a sponsor. He felt  she needed a ``support network'' around her before she was capable of  making that decision, even though she had been seeking an abortion for  months and had already met State level requirements.   In another opinion, he expressed the belief that if a woman's  employer doesn't believe in birth control, that employer shouldn't even  have to fill out a one-page form to allow the woman to get birth  control coverage directly from her own insurer.   The ``traditions'' and ``conscience'' Judge Kavanaugh referred to may  be, in his mind, that of historically powerful, very wealthy White  men--first in powdered wigs and then in suits--who never faced the  challenges women in these cases face. These women matter, too, and they  deserve a Justice who accounts for their rights and liberties in his or  her decisions.   Unfortunately, Judge Kavanaugh's opinions indicate he will not do so.  Instead, they display a fundamental lack of trust in women's abilities  to make their own healthcare decisions. They also show something more:  a very poor understanding of the unequal economic and social realities  women continue to face in our country, despite the progress we have  made, and the degree to which these differences make it all the more  important that women be trusted and treated equally under the law,  independently, and in their own right.   If an employer tries to deny his employee affordable birth control  because he thinks he knows better or if a politicized Federal agency is  detaining a young woman in hopes that it can impose its beliefs on her  or if a woman does not want to carry her rapist's child to term, our  Nation's laws must affirm her autonomy because our laws are her place  of last resort.   But under Judge Kavanaugh's vision for our country, based on his  assessment of traditions and conscience, women wouldn't have that last  resort. Instead, a woman's ability to get reproductive healthcare would  overwhelmingly depend, as it did before Roe, on whether she could  afford it and, therefore, disproportionately on her race and ZIP Code  as well.   Our country as a whole would see outcomes like those we are already  seeing in States like Texas and Mississippi, where abortion access is  heavily restricted under policies Judge Kavanaugh has referenced  approvingly. While women with resources have more options, women  without resources see the providers where they had received affordable  contraception and healthcare closed down because of anti-abortion  politics.   Reproductive healthcare--from sex education, to birth control, to  abortion--becomes a privilege for the wealthy, rather than the right of  every woman, regardless of who she is. That isn't fair. It is not  right, and it truly isn't what people in this country want.   President Trump said that Roe is a ``50-50'' issue in the United  States. He is wrong. People in our country--Democrats, Republicans,  women and men of all ages and backgrounds--overwhelmingly understand  that abortion is a deeply personal decision, one our laws should allow  women to make, just as every American's bodily autonomy should be their  own concern and not their government's. Despite what the White House  would have us believe, this is not a country that wants to follow  President Trump, Vice President Pence, and five male Supreme Court  Justices back to 1972.   The only way to stop this from happening is for people to take  action. I urge anyone who is concerned right  [[Page S5326]]  now--women or men--to make that clear, loudly and immediately. If you  have a story that shows why reproductive rights matter in our country,  share it. If you haven't signed up to vote--or told your friends to--do  it.   One year ago this week, three of my Republican colleagues stood with  Democrats and stopped President Trump's effort to enact TrumpCare,  which would have gutted protections for patients with preexisting  conditions, ended Medicaid as we know it, and more. That happened  because people across the country knew what was at stake and spoke up,  despite how long the odds seemed. That is what we need now. I am  confident we can succeed again if people who care show it.   The last story I will tell is one I hope women and men today will be  able to tell their daughters and their granddaughters decades from now,  should they ever need to hear it. It is that our country went through  an extremely frightening time when one of the many rights on the verge  of being taken away was a woman's right to choose. We thought about  them--our daughters and granddaughters--and how important it is that  each one of them be treated equally under our country's laws and have  the opportunity to achieve the goals they set out to achieve. We did  everything we could to fight back, and we didn't let it happen on our  watch. I hope we make that our story.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object to the  Senator's request, families should have access to simple,  straightforward information so they can make the food choices that are  right for them.   I was very glad to see that after 7 years of delays and foot- dragging, 7 years of objections from Republicans who didn't want to  allow this commonsense law to be fully implemented, in May of this  year, we finally saw this law implemented--by a Republican  administration, no less. Yet, today, before us now is a proposal-- however well intended it may be--that would take us backward.   This bill would undermine nutrition labeling. It would punish  businesses along the way that have already fully implemented the law  and would carve out an entire category of businesses from providing  labeling in their stores. It would bar the FDA from conducting the  oversight we all count on it to do. It would weaken consumer  protections  [[Page S5341]]  as well as protections for States and localities.   Frankly, why? This is a solution in search of a problem. Restaurants  across this country are already providing labeling, and the FDA has  made it clear that it intends to work with, not against, businesses in  implementing the law. Furthermore, many States and localities have  required caloric labeling for years, and not one restaurant chain has  been sued.   So I am going to keep advocating for families being able to have  access to clear, transparent nutrition information.   I object.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today with my  colleagues in defense of the millions of Federal workers around the  country who have been targeted by President Trump and his  administration, including tens of thousands of workers in my home State  of Washington.   Federal workers go to work every day, performing jobs that often go  unnoticed or unappreciated. They ensure that our grandparents receive  Social Security and Medicare benefits. They investigate claims of  unsafe working conditions or employers not paying workers what they are  owed. Federal workers are the nurses and the doctors who take care of  our veterans at VA hospitals and facilities. They are our first  responders when natural disasters devastate communities, including  thousands of men and women on the frontlines of the wildfires that  today are ravaging the West. They help protect our drinking water and  clean air as scientists at the Environmental Protection Agency. They  educate us about our Nation's landmarks at our national parks, and so  much more. They work tirelessly every day to make sure our lives are a  little bit better.   While it is the responsibility of government to ensure that every  worker is able to go to work without putting their health or safety at  risk, earn a living wage to support their families, and retire with  dignity, the Federal Government has even more direct responsibility for  its own workers and should be a model for treating workers fairly and  protecting their rights.   Unfortunately, since day one, President Trump has fought to roll back  those worker protections and undermine their rights. Now he has taken a  number of steps targeting Federal workers' right to join together and  collectively bargain for better working conditions.   Through a series of Executive orders, President Trump has made it  harder for workers to organize, for their unions to effectively  represent them when they have a dispute with management, and for  Federal agencies to bargain collectively with their employees in good  faith. These Executive orders target protections that were  painstakingly negotiated and agreed to by both parties to make sure  workers who are paid with our taxpayer dollars are treated fairly and  that workplace disputes in the Federal Government are resolved  efficiently and equitably.   Again, the Federal Government should be a model for employers,  demonstrating how to treat their workers fairly and with respect. By  treating  [[Page S5348]]  these Federal workers poorly, President Trump is sending a clear signal  that this administration doesn't care about workers and will do nothing  to intervene when corporate management mistreats their workers.   These series of Executive orders are not the only way President Trump  is making it harder for working families to succeed in this country.  Since day one, President Trump has undermined worker protections,  including the right to overtime pay and collective bargaining, and made  it harder for working families to become economically secure.   Now he has nominated another anti-worker, anti-union judge to our  Supreme Court. Last month's Supreme Court decision in Janus made it  clear that working families have to have a fair voice in the highest  Court in the land.   Judge Kavanaugh's record proves he wouldn't be a fair voice for  working families. Throughout his long career, Judge Kavanaugh has sided  with corporate special interests at the expense of their workers and  rights. He has argued against health and safety standards for workers-- a view not shared by other members of the circuit court. He has argued  against workers' rights to be paid fairly for the work they do and  repeatedly has been hostile toward workers' rights to organize and join  a union and speak up together for better wages and working conditions.   Judge Kavanaugh has used his power as a Federal judge to try to  create loopholes for corporations to avoid negotiating with unions and  has even argued that some immigrant workers don't have a right to  organize or collectively bargain.   Judge Kavanaugh's record is not one of someone who will be balanced  and who will listen to each case without bias. It is the record of  someone who has consistently sided with corporations and management,  and I fear he will do the same on our Nation's highest Court. I fear  that Judge Kavanaugh's pro-corporate, anti-worker record is exactly why  President Trump and Republicans in Congress are pushing so hard to get  him on the Supreme Court.    I am proud to join my colleagues on the floor today to stand for our  Federal workers and for their families.   I urge every worker who believes that our economy should work for  them, not just for corporations and special interests, to make their  voice heard. Call, write, and text your Senators, and urge them to  oppose this nomination. Our government, our economy, and our country  are strongest when workers are able to make their voices heard and are  part of this process.   I hope my colleagues across the aisle who care about the economic  security of our working families and the middle class will join us in  pushing back against President Trump's harmful Executive orders and  opposing this anti-worker Supreme Court nominee.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   