 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I  appreciate the time.   Mr. Speaker, hardworking families across the heartland know firsthand  what the negative impacts of trade can look like. They have lived  through it in places like Galesburg, Illinois, when the Maytag plant  padlocked its gates and sent every last one of those jobs to Mexico.    They lived through it in Freeport, Illinois, when venture capitalists  bought out the Sensata factory and sent every last one of those jobs  over to China.   And today, at the end of planting season, corn growers and soybean  farmers and pork producers all across the heartland are getting hit in  their wallet by the Trump trade war.   Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago I rode in a John Deere tractor with a young  soybean farmer named Jared Kunkle while he was planting his soybeans.   You see, right now as planting season is wrapping up, our farmers are  making a lot of tough decisions. That is because in Illinois and many  of our neighboring States, our soybean farmers sell about a quarter of  their crops to China. In fact, in Illinois, if our State was its own  country, we would be the fourth largest producer of soybeans in the  world.   So when President Trump's thumbs got the better of him and started  tweeting us into a trade war with China, there were very real  consequences for the families that I serve. To be clear, those  consequences and the harm and uncertainty that they are generating is  being felt right now.   In fact, just this morning, there was a headline in Bloomberg News  that I want to read to you, I want to show to you: ``China Buys Record  Amount of Russian Soy as it Shuns U.S. Growers.''   That is this morning.   The fact is, our farmers have been struggling in a tightening market  with low profit margins. So in 2016, when President Trump stood at a  podium in Iowa and proudly declared that he would ``end this war on the  American farmer,'' they took him at his word. Midwesterners do that; we  believe people when they say something, and we also believe that  promises ought to be kept.   For farmers like Jared Kunkle of Cameron, Illinois, and thousands of  farmers like him, that promise has been broken.   It has been broken by this President, and now, if you do not support  this amendment, it will also be broken by this Congress.   So I urge you, please keep your word. Support this measure to protect  our hardworking farmers and ranchers from this Trump trade war. Let's  work together. And as the President says, let's ``end this war on the  American farmer.''   