 Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak on  the nomination of Kenneth Marcus to lead the Department of Education's  Office for Civil Rights, a nomination we are going to vote on in just a  few minutes.   First of all, I want to say that I am pleased President Trump and  Secretary DeVos have moved away from their original choice for this  position. I believe the current Acting Assistant Secretary, Candice  Jackson, is unfit for this role and should be removed from her current  position, not just because of the callous, insensitive, and egregious  comments she made regarding sexual assault on college campuses but also  because of the way she has worked to narrow the role of this office and  back away from enforcing transgender students' rights and take away the  tools and resources it has as an office to protect our students and  actually move it away from its core mission. So as I have said before,  I am very glad President Trump and Secretary DeVos decided to nominate  someone else to replace Ms. Jackson.   Secondly, I want to thank this nominee, Kenneth Marcus, for his  service over the years and for his commitment to the goal of halting  discrimination on our college campuses, which is certainly an issue the  OCR will face in light of incidents of hateful rhetoric and violence  occurring on our campuses and in schools.   I respect Mr. Marcus's commitment, but right now, in this  administration, it is not enough. We are now just a bit more than 500  days into President Trump's term, and when it comes to his record and  his rhetoric on civil rights, I haven't been surprised once.   I want to start with his rhetoric. This is a President who kicked off  his campaign by calling Mexicans criminals, who has called for a ban on  all Muslims coming to America, who has openly ridiculed a journalist  with a disability, who has openly demeaned women, who defended White  supremacists rallying in Charlottesville by saying there were ``many  fine people'' among them, who compared immigrants to ``animals'' and  referred to entire countries with an expletive I will not repeat on the  Senate floor. Sadly, I can go on.   It goes beyond his hateful rhetoric. President Trump has tried to  implement that Muslim ban. He has actually rolled back guidance on  enforcing transgender students' rights. He revoked title IX guidance,  which protects women and helps bring perpetrators of sexual assault to  justice, halted investigations into systemic discrimination, and has  pushed his administration to engage in appalling behavior on our  border, dehumanizing immigrants and separating kids from their  families. That list goes on.   I feel very confident in saying that when it comes to civil rights,  when it comes to the rights and safety of women, of people of color, of  LGBTQ people, of people with disabilities, this President has  purposefully fanned the flames of racism, ableism, bigotry, and sexism  in ways that we have not seen in a generation, and anyone who cares  about civil rights in America should be able to point that out.   That is why I was so disappointed that President Trump's nominee to  lead the Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights could not  answer one of my questions at his hearing. When I asked Mr. Marcus to  name a single example of something President Trump has said or done  that he disagrees with when it comes to discrimination or women's  rights or civil rights, he couldn't say one--not a single example, and  that is all I was looking for.   He could have talked about how President Trump has stoked hatred and  division of Muslims and Latinos; maybe he disagreed with that. He could  have talked about how President Trump has downplayed hate crimes  against minority communities here in America; maybe he could have said  he disagreed with that. He could have talked about how President Trump  nominated Jeff Sessions to lead his Justice Department, someone with a  record of opposing civil rights protections; maybe he disagreed with  that. He could have talked about how President Trump named someone  hostile to LGBTQ rights to lead the Office for Civil Rights in the  Department of Health and Human Services; maybe he could have disagreed  with that. He could have talked about any of the ways President Trump  has tried to weaken and has actually weakened the office Mr. Marcus is  nominated to lead; maybe he disagreed with that. Unfortunately, in this  administration, there is  [[Page S3281]]  almost no end to the options Mr. Marcus had when I asked him a simple  question, but we do not know where he stands because he wouldn't name a  single thing--not one.   He said: ``I really couldn't say, Senator.'' That was his response to  my question.   There are reasons to oppose this nomination, but for me, this  nonresponse to what should be an easy question was enough for me. We  have to have someone in this position who is not only able to say that  he disagrees with President Trump when it comes to civil rights; we  need someone who is prepared to stand up to him. We need someone who is  not only able to say they stand on the side of civil rights in the face  of constant attacks; we need someone who is actually willing to  disagree with their bosses--President Trump and Secretary DeVos--when  civil rights are being threatened. But Mr. Marcus could not commit to  me that he would do either, and that is something I simply cannot  support.   I will be opposing this nomination, and I encourage my colleagues to  do the same.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    We yield back our time.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   