 Mr. Speaker, in the past few years, we the American people  have been presented with false choices: between following the rule of  law or showing compassion to people in need.   I have had the privilege of being born in the United States, but I  grew up with parents who faced the hardships of living under a  dictatorship. They came to America hoping that the peace and the  opportunity they heard about really did exist. They worked hard jobs,  scrubbing toilets, they learned our language, studied our history,  learned our system of government and our Constitution. And after many  years, when they finally had the privilege of taking the oath of  citizenship and pledging their allegiance to the American flag, they  knew exactly what they were saying and they meant every word of it.   They were not just enjoying the blessings of what this country had to  offer, but they were willing to take on the responsibilities that came  with it. They gave me an appreciation for this great Nation and told me  every day that I was blessed to be born in it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to attend a naturalization ceremony and  see the journey and the sacrifices that people have made to achieve  citizenship. I think every American should take that oath of  allegiance.   The goal of any immigration reform should be about family, safety,  economic and community stability. The practice of separating loving  families from their children at the border is heartbreaking to watch,  which is why we should support this bill.   We are a Nation of laws. We should provide laws that create certainty  about the fate of these families.   Although H.R. 6136 is not a perfect bill for everyone, it does end  the policies that make it easier to be here illegally than it is to be  here legally. And it hits the sweet spot, allowing us both to follow  the rule of law and show compassion to those who seek freedom and the  blessings this country has to offer.   We cannot hide behind procedures and posturing. We must take a vote.  We must be accountable to the people who we represent. It is our turn  and our time to follow what the Constitution says in Article I, Section  8, to create a uniform rule of naturalization.   I am a daughter of immigrants. We are a proud American family of  patriots. We believe that this country is worthy of all of our greatest  efforts.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, all of us, to support the rule for  this bill.   