 Mr. President, I come today to join my colleague from  Oklahoma to ask unanimous consent that we take up and pass S. 317, the  Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act.   I want to thank Senator Lankford for his continued hard work on this  bill. Senator Lankford has been working on this bill since his days in  the House, and I worked hard to move this bill with his predecessor,  Senator Tom Coburn, to try to get this through the Senate before he  left the Senate. Hopefully, we can get it across the finish line, if  not today, in the near future.   American taxpayers deserve a government that can tell them how their  money is being spent. This is all this bill is trying to do. It is not  complicated. It is trying to get important information to the people  who are paying the bills. Don't they have a right to know where all the  money is going?   It improves a publicly accessible online database with information  about Federal programs, including the funding information for the  program and the activities it comprises; the authorizing statutes and  relevant rules and regs; the individuals a program serves; the  employees who work to administer it; and copies of recent evaluations  or assessments provided by the agency, inspectors general, or the  Government Accountability Office.   The truth is, much of this information, including the program  inventory itself, is already required by the Government Performance and  Results Act, or GPRA. It passed this body by unanimous consent in 2010.  But the current program inventory under GPRA is a mess. It is virtually  useless to help lawmakers understand whether these programs are  actually working as intended or whether they are a payroll without a  purpose.    This bill adds a few additional information requirements to the  program inventory and makes it much easier to compare apples to apples,  which is what we need to do when we are making funding decisions.   Senator Lankford and I have agreed to a number of changes to this  bill, raised not only by President Obama's administration but also  President Trump's administration and by leaders in this body. There  were some concerns expressed to us that OMB could use the information  to punish agencies by holding up rules and holding up budget requests.  I have news for everybody.  [[Page S2413]]  They can already do that; they have the ability. But just because they  can do it now, we have agreed to include a clause which says that  nothing in this bill gives OMB any additional authority whatsoever,  other than what is needed to comply with the requirements of this bill.  I can't imagine anything clearer than that.   We have added caveats to make it easier for programs and agencies to  comply with the requirements of this bill.   I have to tell you, this is what drives the American people crazy.  Different from private business, somebody around here could have a good  idea and we can legislate a new program, but going back and determining  whether that program is actually delivering on the goals that were  stated and believed in at the time the legislation was passed--we are  really not very good at that. That is what this bill is about.   It will give us the tools to require that these programs and agencies  at least have information as to whether they are working--how much  money they are spending, what they are trying to do. Why are we hiding  behind a maddening bureaucracy when we can simplify things with the  technology that is available today? Frankly, if we can't defend these  programs and justify how we are spending taxpayer money, we should be  shutting them down.   I urge my colleagues to commit to and support this good government  transparency bill. I am worried that there is an objection. I am  disappointed there will be an objection from the leader of my own  party. That is disappointing to me, but it doesn't change my commitment  that this is the right thing to do.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 43, S. 317; that the committee- reported amendment be withdrawn; that the Lankford substitute amendment  at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, Senator Schumer is just flat wrong. He  is just wrong about this bill. There is nothing in this bill that gives  the OMB Director any additional power. There is nothing in this bill  that gives him any additional tools to delay or cut programs. In fact,  we specifically put that language in at the request of the minority  floor leader, that this would give the OMB Director no additional  tools.   Frankly, I remember when we were having the discussions under the  Obama administration. Many of my Republican colleagues were worried  that this would be a way for the Obama administration to somehow have  more power than we want them to have.   The bottom line is, we have the power in the legislative body to  decide which programs get funded. We are the people who appropriate  government funds. Shouldn't the taxpayers and Members of Congress have  an easily accessible way to get good information about a program?   By the way, no one is saying that anybody has to draw certain  conclusions from the facts that would be on this website. We are only  asking that the facts be put on the website. It is not nefarious. There  is no plot here. I don't want to hurt CDBG, and neither do all of the  House Members who voted for this. Not one Democratic House Member  objected to this bill.   So I have to respectfully say that Senator Schumer is wrong about  this legislation. He is wrong about what it would do. It is the right  thing for good government. It is the right thing for transparency. I am  going to keep working at it until hopefully we can either convince  every Member to let this go by unanimous consent or until we get an  opportunity to get a vote on it on the floor, where I am confident it  would win by an overwhelming number.   