 Madam President, I understand there is a bill at the  desk, and I ask for its first reading.    I now ask for a second reading and, in order to  place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I  object to my own request.    Madam President, 100 days ago, the House of  Representatives voted unanimously to pass the Congressional  Accountability Act of 1995 Reform Act, the bill that would fix the way  we deal with sexual harassment and discrimination here in Congress.   The current system is broken. It makes no sense that a staffer who is  sexually harassed or discriminated against has to possibly wait months  for mediation, for counseling, or for a cooling off before she or he is  able to even file a claim.   This bill would also make sure that when a Member of Congress has  sexually harassed or discriminated against someone on their staff, the  taxpayers are not left holding the bag. That is what the bill does.  There is no reasonable excuse for anyone to stand in the way.   Our constituents do not deserve to have their hard-earned dollars  paying for these settlements. What they deserve is a vote on this  reform now. But what have we seen since the House acted? Nothing but  politics as usual, despite having significant bipartisan support on  this issue.   I thank my colleagues--Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Senator  Klobuchar, and Senator Murray--for their strong leadership on this  issue and all of their efforts to pass this bill in the Senate. They  have been great partners in trying to move this forward.   It is long since time that we should be acting on this issue. We need  to pass this bill and send it to the President's desk so he can sign it  into law, because what we have seen so clearly, after the several  months and years that we have been talking about this, is that sexual  harassment and discrimination in the workplace is far more pervasive  and egregious than we previously might have recognized.   We have all witnessed harassment and discrimination. We all see what  it actually does to society--whether it is happening in factories, in  restaurants, in Hollywood, in the Halls of Congress, or right here in  this building. But the difference is that while practically every other  industry in the country seems to be taking this issue far more  seriously and at least trying to make an effort to change their  workplaces, Congress is dragging its feet.   Once again, a problem is staring us right in the face, and we are  looking the other way. Enough is enough. We should do better. We have  waited 100 days, and we should not have to wait any longer.   So I urge my colleagues to do the right thing now, to support this  bill. Fix this system here in Congress that is failing our staffers on  this issue of sexual harassment. This one is as easy as it gets. So  let's have a vote and let's pass it.   I yield the floor.   