 Mr. Speaker, it is outrageous that we are beginning this  appropriations season by debating President Trump's rescissions bill,  which fails the American people, hurts children and families, and  injects needless partisanship into Congress' important appropriations  work.   First and foremost, this bill fails the American people by  eliminating funding for the Children's Health Insurance Program. Just  months after exploding annual deficits, to the tune of $1.5 trillion,  and lavishing massive tax breaks to big corporations with their tax  scam, Republicans are now proposing to make children and families pay  with a $7 billion cut from CHIP.   Targeting CHIP for a rescission prevents Congress from reinvesting in  other priorities like child and maternal health, early childhood  education, biomedical research, and our community health centers.   Additionally, the nearly $15 billion in rescissions cut numerous  efforts to create jobs, grow our economy, and strengthen our  communities. It cuts funding for the Economic Development  Administration and for community development financial institutions,  both of which create jobs in rural areas and distressed communities.   Treasury was prepared to announce 114 awards from CDFI's Bank  Enterprise Award Program. This isn't merely spring cleaning by sweeping  old funding up under the rug that would never be spent; it is taking  investments away from local communities. It slashes billions of dollars  from Federal loan programs that foster innovation and create clean- energy jobs.   Eight projects are in the pipeline through the Advanced Technology  Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, two of which would create 2,400  manufacturing jobs and an $890 million investment in Ohio, Indiana, and  Illinois. The Republican raw deal would rescind these funds and prevent  economic growth.   I am also profoundly disappointed that Republicans are willing to  bring forward legislation that undermines 2 years of bipartisan  spending agreements. This bill includes cuts to funding that was  appropriated under the fiscal year 2017 omnibus, which was negotiated  just over a year ago. And it reneges on the bipartisan budget agreement  from February by further restricting CHIP amounts that could be  reinvested in future years. Upending bipartisan agreements poisons the  well and makes future negotiations more difficult.   Finally, I must express my strong objection to the rushed process by  which Republicans have considered this rescissions bill. The White  House submitted its final version of the rescissions bill less than 48  hours ago. We have had no hearings, no markups, or even any debate at  all on this bill in the Appropriations Committee, and we are  considering it with no opportunity to debate the merits of each of  these rescissions on their own.   Mr. Speaker, this is not regular order, and, frankly, it is no way to  make such a consequential decision.    Mr. Speaker, instead of rubber-stamping President Trump's  rescissions package, Congress should conduct rigorous oversight to  determine why the Trump-Pence administration has not spent these funds,  even as they misspend tax dollars on first-class flights, fountain  pens, and luxury dining sets.   Spending cuts that hurt American families should be carefully  considered, not rushed through to score political points or help the  majority's whip count on other bills. I urge Members to vote ``no.''    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the three-bill  package that Republicans are bringing to the floor today.   Instead of following regular order and debating and amending the  Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and  Veterans Affairs bills separately, Republican leadership is forcing us  to consider them together.   This broken process has a simple aim. Republicans are using America's  veterans as pawns to force through cuts to clean energy research and  harmful policy provisions that weaken environmental standards.   We all recognize the tremendous debt of gratitude we owe to those who  have sacrificed for us in our Armed Forces, as well as their family  members who share in their service to our country. That is why it is so  important that Congress ensure our veterans receive the honors,  benefits, and assistance they have earned.   While I support many of the increases within the Military  Construction and Veterans Affairs bill, Republicans have created a  dilemma by transitioning the VA Choice program from mandatory to  discretionary funding in the middle of fiscal year 2019.   I want to make it clear: This is a serious decision. It should have  been adequately debated.   Even worse, Republicans have blocked consideration of my amendment to  solve this problem. That will mean a further squeeze, and perhaps even  cuts, to programs that benefit the middle class.   The Bipartisan Budget Act provided an $18 billion increase for both  defense and nondefense discretionary spending between fiscal years 2018  and 2019.   Instead of using those resources to create jobs and grow our economy,  Republicans have chosen to devote $4.8 billion, more than a quarter of  that increase, to the Department of Homeland Security, presumably for  President Trump's border wall and the deportation force.   Not only is such spending a betrayal of our American values, it is a  waste of resources that crowds out investments that keep our families  and communities safe, strong, and moving forward.   Frankly, it is just part of a pattern in which Republicans are  underfunding bills that will come later in the appropriations process.   For example, Republicans have not provided a single penny in  additional resources to the Labor, Health and Human Services,  Education, and Related Agencies appropriations bill. What does that  mean? This means that they threaten to starve our schools, hurt job  training and workplace rights protection, jeopardize Pell grants, and  limit access to affordable healthcare, among many other ill effects.   We can and must do better than spending levels that prioritize  President Trump's border wall and attacks on immigrant communities over  the urgent needs of American children, families, and seniors.   Now, with regard to the Energy and Water bill specifically, we are  confronted with a partisan bill that contains cuts to many important  priorities for the American people.   With gas prices approaching $3 a gallon, the bill cuts energy  efficiency and renewable energy initiatives. It cuts transformational  science efforts, such as the successful and popular ARPA-E program.   And just as bad, it contains many harmful riders, including rolling  back clean water protections, blocking the National Ocean Policy,  further endangering salmon on the Columbia River, and weakening gun  safety rules on public lands.   These provisions and the cuts to important priorities that drive  innovation and safeguard our national security make it impossible for  Democrats to support this bill.   We can and must do better. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,''  oppose the Republican raw deal that cuts critical priorities, includes  harmful poison-pill riders, and sets Congress on a path to future bills  that will cause serious pain for American children, families, and  seniors.   Before I reserve the balance of my time, I would like to thank our  chair, with whom I have always worked cooperatively, and your staff and  my staff and all those who spend many, many hours making sure we can  work together. However, I do hope, at the end of the process, we can  put together a more responsible bipartisan bill.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Energy and  Water Development and Related Agencies.    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Ohio.    Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ryan), the ranking member of the Legislative  Branch Subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), the ranking member of the Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the Democratic whip.    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Maryland.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this bill, which guts  critical  [[Page H4905]]  investments in clean energy, guts clean water protection.   The Republican raw deal prioritizes President Trump's border wall and  deportation force over much-needed increases to services that help  American families, from early childhood education, job training, to  securing the sanctity of our elections.   I vote ``no,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.   