 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the  humanitarian crisis happening right now in our country at the border-- something I implore my colleagues to fight to stop. The Department of  Homeland Security is tearing young children from the arms of their  parents. They are traumatizing infants and children, and Congress needs  urgently to act.   I know we have disagreements about immigration policy in this  Chamber, and I know we have disagreements about how we should fix our  immigration system, which we have desperately needed to fix for  decades. Surely, we must be able to agree that Federal agents should  not be tearing young children from the arms of their parents. We must  be able to agree that families with infants should not be forcibly  separated.   Where is the outrage? Where is the urgency?   I hear my colleagues speak all the time about Federal Government  overreach. If this isn't Federal Government overreach, what is? This is  the moment that they have gone too far. One mother was breastfeeding  her infant. A Federal agent took that baby out of her mother's arms,  handcuffed her, and arrested her.   Where is that baby now? How is that baby doing? Where is the baby's  mother?   From mid-April through the end of last month, almost 2,000 children  were separated from adults at the border. Nearly 50 times a day on  American soil, our government has separated a child from their parents,  creating fear and terror in their lives. Just today, it was reported  that the Department of Homeland Security is now holding 11,785 minors-- 11,785 minors. This is a disgrace.   One worker at a detention center for children just resigned as a  conscientious objector, and he described the children being held there  as a ``traumatized population that has no clue what's going on.'' He  said the staff was not prepared at all to look after 4- and 5-year-olds  who were coming into these detention centers. He said the kids were  screaming and crying for their moms and dads. Pediatricians who met  these children were calling it ``government-sanctioned child abuse.''    One of our colleagues in the House was able to meet with mothers  whose children were taken from them at the border. She said that in  some cases, the mothers were ``literally sitting in a room next to  where the children were being held and could hear their children  screaming.''   Have we not studied our own history? This is the kind of thing we  read about in history books and to which we shake our heads in disgust.  We ask ourselves: How did we let this happen? We ask ourselves: Why  didn't Congress stop this? Why didn't anyone do anything? Don't we  remember what happened during World War II with the Japanese internment  camps? Children were traumatized, and families were damaged--in some  cases permanently. The memorial to remind us of this is a stone's throw  from the U.S. Capitol. It is just for the purpose of reminding us to  never do it again. We cannot let our country go down this dark road  again.   If Congress does not stop the out-of-control Department of Homeland  Security--if Congress does not stop families from being torn apart-- even though it is happening right in front of our eyes, then this  Congress will go down in history as a weak Congress that did nothing to  stop one of the worst, horrific chapters of American history.   This has to be the moment when we do our jobs--when we stand up,  speak truth to power, and do the right thing. We don't know how many  kids are going to be traumatized for the rest of their lives because of  our actions. These young children will never forget that when they  first came to America, they were separated from their mothers and their  fathers.   The President of the United States is not telling the truth to the  American people about this policy. It is not true that this immoral and  repulsive practice of separating children from their parents is a  mandatory result of existing law. It is just not true. This is the  stated practice and policy of zero tolerance by this administration. It  is abhorrent and immoral. The administration could stop this all by  itself today if it wanted to, but since it will not, Congress will need  to act. If this Congress cannot or will not push back against this  administration when it is actually harming children, when will it act?   I urge my colleagues to come together right now to stop this stain on  our Nation. We have a bill that was introduced by Senator Feinstein. We  already have 49 cosponsors. We should vote on this bill. It would  protect the welfare of children. It would make sure that children would  not be separated from their parents. The only time they would be  separated from their parents or the adults they are with is if they are  being trafficked or abused. Otherwise, families should be allowed to  stay together.   We should do the right thing. This is a moral issue. This is a  humanitarian issue. This is an issue of right versus wrong. As a mother  and as a legislator, I can't imagine the terror these parents face in  not knowing what is going to happen to their children. It is wrong for  us to stand by silently. It is wrong for us to do nothing. This is what  the darkness looks like. We have to stand up against it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   