 Mr. President, I wish to thank my colleague from  Virginia for his personal, compelling reason why what the  administration is doing is so wrong. That could happen to anyone, and  does happen to everyone, and I so appreciate that.   I thank my colleague from Connecticut for bringing us together today  to highlight this. There is so much going on in the country, and we  don't want this to get lost because it will impact every single family.   We are here today to talk about President Trump's ongoing effort to  sabotage healthcare for literally millions of families in our country.  As we talked about last week, the Trump-Pence administration showed,  once again, that there is no limit to how low and how baseless they  will go to appeal to extreme Republican donors and their special  interests.   President Trump's Department of Justice announced it will ignore  years of precedent and abandon its duty to defend our laws in court. It  will abandon our laws that prevent insurers from denying people with  preexisting conditions coverage or charging people more because of  their gender or raising premiums without limit for seniors.   This decision also makes it clear President Trump is ignoring the  lessons he should have learned last year. Around this time last year,  Republicans were trying to jam through the President's partisan  healthcare bill, filled with proposals that would have scrapped those  patient protections, spiked premiums and healthcare costs, imposed an  age tax on our seniors, gutted Medicaid, and thrown our entire  healthcare system into chaos.   The TrumpCare bill ultimately failed as people across the country  stood up, spoke out loudly, and made it very clear they didn't support  President Trump's sabotage agenda. President Trump didn't listen.  Instead, he has continued to undermine healthcare for our families at  every available opportunity, and Republicans have been lockstep with  them the entire way; like when President Trump expanded loopholes to  allow junk insurance plans that don't include important consumer  protections; like when congressional Republicans jammed through a  partisan tax bill to undermine our healthcare laws; like when President  Trump announced radical new restrictions on Federal family planning  funding based on ideology that would result in less access to  healthcare for millions of women across the Nation and a gag rule that  will interfere with providers' ability to talk about the full range of  reproductive health service with their patients. Those steps were all  designed to make it harder for women and families to get the care they  need.   Last week, President Trump's administration took yet another step to  undermine the healthcare system. In a nearly unprecedented move, the  Trump administration announced it would no longer defend the Affordable  Care Act in court. The Trump administration announced it would abandon  the parts of the law that prevent healthcare discrimination against  women, against seniors, and against those with preexisting conditions.  That decision goes against years of legal precedent. It goes against,  for sure, the wishes of families across the country who want their  government to care about patients, not partisan politics. It even goes  against the promises of many Republicans who claimed they were going to  fight for those important patient protections.   Republicans may not be listening, but I have to tell you, families  across the country have been speaking up loud and clear. They want us  to fight for them and for their healthcare policies that can help them  get the care they need. While President Trump and Attorney General  Sessions have never fought for patients--as their latest decision makes  abundantly clear--Democrats have never stopped fighting for them, and  we are not going to stop now.   We remain dedicated to working toward commonsense solutions that help  bring our healthcare costs down and begin to fix some of this damage  that has been done by President Trump. We actually had a bipartisan  deal that would have accomplished that goal, but, unfortunately,  Republican leaders made very clear from the start they are not  interested in lowering premiums, they are not interested in stabilizing  our marketplace, and they are not interested in fixing this problem.  Instead, they are interested in helping special interests, they are  interested in donors, and they are interested in catering to the  extreme right.   Despite their move to throw a wrench in our important bipartisan  work, I want you to know Democrats are at the table, and we will be  here all of August ready to work to fix this for families in Washington  State and across the country. I hope, going forward, cooler heads will  prevail and Republicans will return to the table and join us on finding  solutions to lower patients' costs and strengthen healthcare in our  country rather than continuing to help President Trump sabotage it.  That is what the people in my State want. I know that is what families  across the country want.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   