 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to join in opposition  to Judge Kavanaugh and call on my colleagues to join me in voting  against this mad dash to jam through a lifetime appointment to the  Supreme Court.   Last week, Democrats and Republicans stood together to ask Republican  leaders to allow the bare minimum--an FBI investigation into the new  allegations that have come in. This wasn't an unreasonable request. It  happens all the time with nominees and for far less important positions  than a lifetime seat on the Supreme Court. It is the very least that  should be done when serious allegations like these remain, to make sure  we are hearing from all relevant witnesses and bringing all relevant  information in for consideration, but this simply has not happened.   This morning, I went in for a briefing on the new FBI investigation,  and it was very clear to anyone who reviewed the material that Senate  Republican leaders and President Trump cut the FBI off and refused to  allow them to conduct the comprehensive and thorough investigation that  was promised to Democrats and Republicans.   Instead, this was rigged from the start to protect Judge Kavanaugh  because here is what we know, and this has been reported in the press:  Dr. Ford was not interviewed despite her repeated requests. We know  Judge Kavanaugh was not questioned. We have heard from so many other  witnesses who were desperate to talk to the FBI--desperate--because  they had relevant information they wanted to share in confidence. As  far as we know, they were never even contacted, and now Senators had to  line up to read a single copy of a limited FBI report over the course  of today. We are not allowed to share what we saw or take notes out of  the room, and we are not permitted to ask the FBI agents who actually  conducted the investigation any questions.   Although I am not permitted to share what I heard and read in the  briefing, I can say absolutely nothing I saw makes me believe Dr. Ford  any less, and, in fact, based on what I saw, I am even more concerned  about the veracity of some of what we heard from Judge Kavanaugh.   Even more important than anything we saw was how much we were not  able to see because the investigation was limited. Once again, the  voices of women and their experiences have been silenced and pushed  aside.   So the questions everyone should be asking right now are, What are  Republican leaders so afraid the FBI would find if they were allowed to  take the full week to truly conduct a thorough investigation and talk  to all of the relevant witnesses? What are they trying to hide, and why  will they not allow this to be done right when we are talking about a  nomination to the highest Court in the land?   So I come to the floor to make three points to urge my colleagues to  vote no and stop this mad dash to a rushed confirmation.   First, I am going to talk about what we know about the serious and  credible allegations against Judge Kavanaugh by Dr. Ford and others;  second, I am going to run through, once again, the serious credibility  problems that have been raised regarding Judge Kavanaugh; and finally,  I will highlight, once again, the real temperament concerns so many of  us have based on what we saw from Judge Kavanaugh at the last hearing.   First and foremost, I believe Dr. Ford. She has absolutely no reason  to lie, and she had no interest in making this public before she was  compelled to, citing her civic duty. We all saw her at the hearing, and  like so many people across the country, I was riveted, and I watched  with tears in my eyes. Dr. Ford was so brave and compelling. She was so  real. The memories she recounted were heartbreaking; the fear she felt  when she was being attacked; the relief she felt when she finally made  it out of the house; the laughter between Brett Kavanaugh and Mark  Judge she will never forget; the fact that she is 100 percent sure it  was Brett Kavanaugh who attacked her.   Millions of people watched her, and so many women and survivors were  inspired by her bravery. Dr. Ford made a credible allegation of a  serious offense that needs to be taken seriously.   We have also heard from other women--Ms. Ramirez, Ms. Swetnick--with  their own experiences to share. They should be listened to. They should  be heard. We should presume they are telling the truth, and Republican  leaders should allow a full investigation into their allegations  because, in the end, despite what some Republicans tried to claim, this  is not a trial. We are not supposed to weigh evidence and make judgment  about innocence or guilt. Our job as Senators is to weigh what we know,  weigh what we hear, weigh what we learn, and use our own judgment to  determine whether a nominee deserves a promotion to the highest Court  in the land. Based on everything I know about the allegations made  against Judge Kavanaugh, he should not be confirmed, and he should not  be in a position to make decisions on the Supreme Court that impact  women and families and the future of our country, which takes me to my  second point: Judge Kavanaugh's serious credibility issues.   I went through this in some detail on the floor yesterday. I will not  go through all of it again, but time and again, in his initial hearing  and then even further in his second hearing, Judge Kavanaugh made it  clear he has serious issues with the truth.   He testified under oath directly to Senators and made claims that  simply defy belief on issues big and small. Again and again, he made  claims that were contradicted either through emails that were uncovered  or from others who felt compelled to come forward after hearing what he  said that simply did not align with what they knew to be true.   If we can't trust what he has said to us on those issues, if we know  some of what he said is simply false, how can we trust him on so many  other issues? Surely, the least we can expect from someone nominated to  serve on our Nation's highest Court has a basic commitment to honesty  and truth, especially while under oath. This shouldn't be a partisan  issue. It is just common sense, which brings me to the third point I  want to make.    Like so many people watching last week's hearing, I was shocked by  Judge Kavanaugh's raw anger, his rage, disrespect, sense of  entitlement, and sneering condescension; from his apparent bafflement  that he even had to respond to credible allegations against him to his  attempt to throw questions back at Senators, asking them instead of  actually answering them himself, to his open partisanship, his  bitterness, to his rage and anger, and so much more.   I cannot imagine any Senator seeing what we saw in that hearing,  watching a nominee make a display like that and thinking this person is  fit to serve as an impartial judge on our Nation's highest Court.   I know President Trump loved Judge Kavanaugh's performance. It seemed  to inspire him to move from calling Dr. Ford a credible witness to  openly mocking and attacking her, and it sounds like it has galvanized  him to fight even harder for the man whose anger and defensiveness he  clearly identifies so closely with.   I thought it was truly awful. It was not the kind of temperament we  should want on the Supreme Court, and I can only hope enough of our  colleagues agree.   Once again, I believe Dr. Ford, and, to me, Judge Kavanaugh has shown  so clearly he does not have the temperament or credibility to serve on  the Supreme Court, but for any of my colleagues who may not be  persuaded and have bravely stood up to ask for more information and a  thorough investigation and for all of us who believe the Senate should  do its job and get this right, we can't rush this to a finish line.  [[Page S6532]]    A truly thorough investigation must be completed, as promised, so  Senators hear from all the relevant witnesses and gather all the  relevant information before we cast a vote on this confirmation. It can  be done quickly, but it has to be done right because if this does end  up being jammed through, as apparently currently Republican leaders  intend to do, it will completely undermine the public's trust and the  credibility of the Supreme Court as information continues to come out  from investigations that will continue whether or not he is confirmed.  It will eliminate any remaining trust people have in Senate Republican  leaders to allow us to fulfill our constitutional advice and consent  role and not just be a rubberstamp for the President, and it will cause  tremendous anger and backlash across the country from those who are  shocked to see the voices of women and survivors ignored like this.   I ran for the Senate after I saw what happened to Anita Hill in 1991.  Based on everything I am seeing and hearing across the country, all the  anger and energy and focus, I am confident that if women and their  voices are attacked, undermined, and disrespected once again, we are  going to see a wave of anger and frustration and activism that makes  1992 look like a ripple. We still have time to do this right. We still  have time to do better than the Senate did in 1991. We still have time  to restore the public's faith that women will be listened to.   I urge my colleagues to join me, vote no tomorrow, and end this mad  dash to confirmation.   I yield the floor.   