 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have come to the floor to oppose the  nomination of James Blew for Assistant Secretary for Planning,  Evaluation, and Policy Development at the Department of Education. I am  opposing this nomination on behalf of the millions of parents,  students, and teachers who made it clear during Secretary DeVos's  confirmation process that they believe the Department of Education's  top priorities should be helping to educate our students and supporting  our public schools. They made it clear when they posted on social  media, voicing concerns about Secretary DeVos's lack of experience and  knowledge during her hearing in front of our HELP Committee, when they  overwhelmed the Senate switchboard urging their Senators to vote  against her nomination, and when they took to the streets to protest  her nomination and her ideological agenda.   They made it clear that they believe every student has the right to a  high quality public education--no matter where they live, how they  learn, or how much money their parents make. Despite an unprecedented  tie-breaking vote by Vice President Pence, Secretary DeVos has ignored  the public's overwhelming rejection to her extreme ideology. Instead,  she continues to promote her privatization agenda, trying to shift  taxpayer funds away from our public schools.   She is ignoring key parts of our Nation's K-12 law by refusing to  hold States accountable for the success of our most vulnerable  students. She is making it easier for predatory for-profit colleges and  corporations to take advantage of students, rolling back protections  for students and dismantling the unit that investigates claims of fraud  and abuse. Time and again, she is failing our students and her duty to  protect their civil rights.   She has tried to shrink the Office for Civil Rights, has rescinded  guidance for schools on how to investigate claims of campus sexual  assault, and has rolled back rules that protect transgender students,  students of color, and students with disabilities.   All of those students, parents, and teachers who voiced their  concerns about Secretary DeVos during her nomination have not gone  away. They are still making their voices heard, demanding that the  Department of Education start standing up for students.   Unfortunately, Mr. Blew, whose nomination is before us, has made it  clear that he is cut from the same cloth. During his career, Mr. Blew  has advocated for vouchers. He has failed to adequately support  teachers with the tools they need to help their students succeed. He  has even worked closely with and helped to fund Secretary DeVos's  privatization efforts.   The Office of Planning, Evaluation and Policy Development advises the  Secretary in developing and implementing policy, which impacts every  student in our country. It is a critical position. Given the actions  and decisions by Secretary DeVos, it is very clear that we need an  independent voice in this position. Unfortunately, Mr. Blew has proven  that he is not up for that challenge. For that reason, I will vote  against his nomination. I ask my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, just yesterday the world watched as  President Trump, standing in front of the American flag, side by side  with Vladimir Putin, not only betrayed the dedication of the men and  women of the U.S. intelligence and law enforcement communities but then  showered praise upon the Russian President--the man who directed the  interference of our elections.   This prompted outcry from Members on both sides of the aisle, as it  should. I read statements from my colleagues that were very strong in  condemning President Trump for putting Russia ahead of the United  States, using terms like ``shameful'' and ``disgraceful,'' and not just  from Republicans who bravely stood up to this President before. I heard  from Members of Congress and even from some FOX News contributors,  unable to twist themselves into defending this President at this  moment, as he so clearly undercut our own country. I am glad they spoke  up because words matter.   But do you know what also matters? Action. So now, I ask: What will  congressional Republicans do about it? Many Republican Members of  Congress are acting as if they just have a Twitter feed, as if they  aren't the party in control of the Senate and the House, as if they  don't have the ability to actually make a difference and demand change.  That is absurd.   The time for handwringing and hoping the problem goes away is over.  With the power to call up legislation and hold hearings, Republican  leaders do have options, and they certainly have a whole lot of  Democrats who stand ready and willing to help.   It is truly horrifying and deeply alarming that President Trump  failed to use that moment to push President Putin to end his attacks on  our country and our elections, and he failed to condemn the Kremlin's  interference in the elections of our allies; or Putin's support of the  brutal Assad regime and connections to chemical weapons attacks by the  Syrian Government; or the illegal annexation of Ukraine's Crimean  peninsula; or the 2014 downing of MH17 over Ukraine, where 295 people  were killed; or the murder of journalists and opposition politicians;  or the use of chemical weapons; or the undemocratic authoritarian and  oppressive rule of the Putin regime and how it actively works against  our American principles.   Instead of standing up for our values and our national security, our  President defended Putin on all fronts. Instead of putting America  first, he performed Putin's bidding by attacking our closest allies and  trying to dismantle NATO.   Today, I know President Trump tried desperately to backtrack, but we  know where he stands, and we all heard what he said on the world stage  just yesterday. It is appalling, inexcusable, and unworthy of the  President.   So my message to every Member of the Senate and to every Member of  the other body is clear. It is time to strengthen the sanctions against  Russia for its aggression around the world and to demand answers from  Secretary Pompeo and the other members of the Trump national security  team, especially about what the President may have promised Putin  during their closed-door meeting, and for them to provide Congress--all  of us--with any notes from the meeting that may exist.   We need them to stand up for and protect the Department of Justice,  the FBI, and the special counsel; to insist that the President demand  the extradition of the 12 Russians indicted for their attacks on our  elections; and to pass election security legislation.   This is not a partisan issue. This is about defending the integrity  and foundational values of our Nation. This is about Congress doing its  constitutional job and holding the President accountable for his  shocking and repeated failures. This is about telling our allies around  the world that they can still depend on the United States. This is  about putting the country before the party.   Stand not just with Democrats. Stand with people across the country  by taking action to hold Russia accountable and to protect this country  from future attacks. Ask President Trump why he is choosing to defend  Russia and blame America, and ask what or who is motivating him,  because it certainly is not the American people, our security, our  values, or our future.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S4993]]    