 Mr. President, I come to the floor in support of the  nomination of Scott Stump, to be Assistant Secretary of Education for  Career, Technical, and Adult Education.   As President Trump and Secretary DeVos continue to roll back  protections for students and make it easier for predatory for-profit  colleges to take advantage of our students, students need someone at  the Department who will remain committed to putting them first no  matter what Secretary DeVos tries to pressure him to do.   Although most of the nominees President Trump has picked for the  Department have pledged their allegiance to Secretary DeVos and her  agenda, I believe Mr. Stump will be different. If confirmed, Mr. Stump  would be responsible for advising Secretary DeVos on career and  technical education, adult education and literacy, and community  college education while overseeing over $2 billion in funding to  provide our students and workers with the education and skills they  need to compete and get ahead in the 21st century.   Mr. Stump's resume shows he is a nominee who is qualified for this  position. He has served as the assistant provost for career and  technical education for the Colorado Community College System. He was  elected by his peers to serve as the president of the National  Association of State Directors of Career Technical Education  Consortium. He also earned the support  [[Page S4963]]  of a number of key stakeholders and advocacy groups.   If confirmed, Mr. Stump would be responsible for adult education and  literacy, which would help adults get the basic skills they need to be  productive workers and family members and citizens, and which would  help community colleges ensure students have the education and skills  they need to advance in their education and their careers in order to  remain competitive in the 21st century.   Finally, the Office of Career, Technical, and Adult Education at the  Department of Education is responsible for implementing the Perkins  Career and Technical Education Act. It is a critical law that gives  students and workers the education and skills they need to succeed, and  it provides businesses with a high-quality talent pipeline of workers  with in-demand skills to compete in a 21st century economy.   Last month, members of our HELP Committee set partisan differences  aside and passed the reauthorization of the Perkins CTE Act, which  makes important updates to support an education system that prepares  students and workers for an economy and a country that works for  everyone.   In order to help students, workers, and businesses compete in a  rapidly changing global economy, it is critically important that we  pass that reauthorization, which would allow programs to adapt to the  unique needs of their communities and continue to provide students and  workers with the education and training that is necessary for them to  get better jobs, earn higher wages, and climb up the economic ladder.   As Members of Congress, we should always be looking for ways to help  make people's lives better, which is why I hope we can advance this  long overdue bill to the floor in a timely fashion.   If the Senate confirms Mr. Stump, I hope he will remain committed to  putting students and workers first no matter what pressure he gets. If  he is able to do that, I look forward to working with him to help  provide high-quality education and to ensure that, above all, our focus  is on students and their success.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   