 Mr. President, I rise today to voice my support for the  nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court of the United  States.   As the final arbiter of the Constitution, the Supreme Court has a  sacred duty of ensuring equal justice under the law to the American  people. The Supreme Court wields the immense power of judicial review.  Alexis de Tocqueville described this power of the Supreme Court when he  called it ``a more imposing judicial power than was ever constituted by  any other people.''   As Members of the Senate, it is not often that we get the opportunity  to  [[Page S5334]]  give our advice and consent on the confirmation of Supreme Court  Justices. It is even rarer that we get the opportunity to confirm  someone as highly qualified and well-respected as Brett Kavanaugh.   I am especially impressed by Judge Kavanaugh's interpretation of the  Constitution as it applies to the ever-encroaching power of Federal  agencies. Even before the people of Iowa sent me to Washington, I was  horrified by the impact increasingly burdensome regulations imposed on  hard-working men, women, and businesses. This was imposed by unleashed  Federal bureaucrats.   An excellent example of this is the infamous waters of the United  States rule promulgated by the Obama EPA. The Obama administration's  bloated definition of the waters of the United States would have put 97  percent--97 percent--of Iowa under EPA jurisdiction. Even a tire track  filled with water on an Iowa farm would have been subject to Federal  regulation.   Federal agencies have been allowed to implement such destructive  regulations in part due to the Supreme Court giving them deference.  While a certain degree of deference is needed, I am concerned that a  too-broad deferential standard separates the people of the United  States from Washington bureaucrats. It fails to place an adequate check  on executive and administrative power.   Throughout his career as both a highly respected legal scholar and a  judge on the esteemed DC Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Kavanaugh has  written critically of widening the scope of this already far-reaching  deferential standard. He wrote in part that this deference ``encourages  the Executive Branch to be extremely aggressive in seeking to squeeze  its policy goals into ill-fitting statutory authorizations and  restraints.'' This could not have been what the Founders intended when  they developed our Constitution and our government. I could not agree  more with Judge Kavanaugh's concerns. I look forward to the Judge's  levelheaded leadership and thinking on the Supreme Court.   In addition, I was proud to hear that Judge Kavanaugh has had the  chance to work with Iowans. State Representative Mary Ann Hanusa, who  represents the city of Council Bluffs, had the opportunity to work with  Judge Kavanaugh when he served as Staff Secretary in the White House.  Representative Hanusa describes Judge Kavanaugh as hard-working,  dedicated, and impartial in his duties--all traits that I require in a  Supreme Court Justice.   Under Chairman Grassley's leadership, I believe that we will have a  thorough, timely, and successful confirmation process, just as we did  with Neil Gorsuch. I urge my colleagues to put aside partisan gimmicks  and games and support the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   