 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I rise to strongly support the  passage of the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, the SUPPORT  Act. Actually, I think that is a great title, the SUPPORT Act.   The SUPPORT Act combines the work of the House of Representatives  with the Senate's Opioid Crisis Response Act, which we recently passed  with overwhelming bipartisan support.   As we anticipate voting on this groundbreaking legislation soon and  sending it to the President's desk, I wanted to highlight some of the  provisions I think are most critical, many of which I worked on with my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle to move forward.   The SUPPORT Act successfully builds on the work Congress began with  the passage of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act back in  July of 2016, and it is a critical next step in our fight against an  epidemic that continues to devastate families and communities across  this country, especially in my home State of West Virginia.   This legislation reflects what we have learned in the past few years  since we passed CARA. West Virginia has been struggling so much with  the opioid crisis; we have been struggling longer and harder than many  of our other States. This is not something we are particularly proud  of, but it is a reality with which we live, and we really face the  challenge.   This crisis has shaped our ongoing response to the epidemic, as well  as my contributions to the bill. In West Virginia, we understand  better, I think, some of the causes of the crisis and how we can deal  with them. We have discovered what is working in our State, and we have  learned that the ripple effects go far beyond those struggling with  addiction. It affects families and children and communities.   When thinking about next steps for fighting the opioid epidemic, one  of the first things I realized was that the formula for State funding  was not providing adequate resources to the hardest hit States--States  like West Virginia. I joined with my colleague Senator Shaheen from New  Hampshire--her State also has been devastated by this epidemic--to help  change that formula.   I am pleased that this bill reauthorizes the State grants in a way  that ensures that States like ours--small States with very large  problems--will begin to receive more resources and those resources that  we desperately need.   Something else we quickly realized in West Virginia was that we  didn't have the treatment facilities or the trained workforce to  adequately support individuals seeking treatment. To address these  needs, I worked with my colleague Senator Hassan from New Hampshire to  create a grant program establishing comprehensive opioid recovery  centers, or CORKs, in the most affected areas, and I worked on  provisions that will help increase and better prepare our healthcare  workers.   We also realized, sadly, that there will always be bad actors who  attempt to take advantage of those in crisis. I have talked to friends  of mine whose young adult children are in the throes of addiction and  will literally pay anything--anything--to get the help they feel their  loved one deserves, making them particularly vulnerable, I think, to  bad actors and to folks who might take advantage of that. So we  introduced the Opioid Addiction Recovery Fraud Prevention Act with  Senator Cortez Masto from Nevada. This measure will hold fraudulent  substance abuse treatment programs and recovery centers accountable by  empowering the FTC to bring enforcement actions against them.   Another issue I hear about often is the need among employers for  potential employees who are able to pass a drug test. Our economy is  booming, our workforce is expanding, but we are having difficulty in  some areas finding enough employees who can actually pass a drug test.  It is not unusual; I will hear that 10 people get tested, and only 2  will pass.   We also have the need for recovering addicts to be able to find that  pathway back to employment. To address both of these needs, this  legislation authorizes grants that will align job training and  treatment services, including several provisions from the CARA Act that  I sponsored with Senator Brown from Ohio.   As to the causes of the crisis, there are many, but there are two  areas that come up again and again.   First is the need to reduce the number of prescriptions for opioids.  To get at the root of the problem, Senator Feinstein and I introduced  the Using Data to Prevent Opioid Diversion Act. Our bill, which is now  a part of the SUPPORT Act, provides drug manufacturers and distributors  with data to identify pharmacies that are suspiciously ordering  prescription opioids, and it grants law enforcement the authority to  hold them accountable, as they should be, if they fail to use this data  to identify, report, and stop suspicious orders.   Had something like this been on the books before, we may have been  able to stop--and I want you to hear this statistic--the 780 million  oxycodone and hydrocodone pills that were distributed to pharmacies in  my State alone--my 1.8 million population State, between the years of  2007 and 2012, 780 million pills, including the nearly 9 million pills  that were distributed between 2007 and 2008 to a single pharmacy in  Kermit, WV, where the population is 392.   The second issue that comes up often is the need to reduce the amount  of synthetic opioids like fentanyl, which is killing--killing--people.  It is 100 times more potent than heroin.   The STOP Act will help prevent the shipment of synthetic opioids into  the United States through the international mail system, where the vast  amount of these originate. This measure, which Senator Portman led and  I joined with him to introduce, imposes tough new requirements for our  U.S. Postal Service and Customs and Border Protection. By better  targeting illegal packages, we can keep those dangerous drugs from  ending up on our streets and in our local communities.   West Virginia has a more mature opioid epidemic, which has helped us  to learn what is working and what is not working. One great example of  something that is working is our Quick Response Teams, or QRTs, which  has been piloted in Huntington, WV. Based on  [[Page S6472]]  similar programs around the country, a QRT is a three-pronged effort by  medical professionals, mental health agencies, and law enforcement.  These teams contact individuals who overdose within 72 hours of their  overdose to help get them into treatment programs. In other words,  let's not have them just go to the emergency room, stop the overdose,  and have them walk back out with no followup.   Given the success of the QRTs in our State, I worked with Senator  Murphy to include a grant program in the SUPPORT Act that will allow  communities across the country to implement similar programs.   When it comes to what is not working, over the last year or so, I  began to hear from hospice staff who, due to a DEA rule--I seriously  didn't understand this rule--were not allowed to destroy unused  medication unless authorized by State law.   A lot of times in hospice, particularly elderly people in hospice--or  anybody who is in a great deal of pain--have medications on the shelf,  and if they are left to the disposal of a family member, you could see  how they are ripe for falling into the wrong hands of a grieving family  member or possibly somebody in and out of the home who has an addiction  issue. I worked with Senator Collins to ensure that the SUPPORT Act  includes language that would allow hospice employees to dispose of  those controlled substances.   Another example of a policy that is not working is a 40-year-old  regulation related to substance use disorder privacy records. This came  to my attention following a terrible tragedy for my fellow West  Virginian, Jessie Grubb, which was caused by confusion and  misinformation.   Jessie was a daughter, a great sister, an athlete, and someone who  was recovering from addiction. Following surgery from a running injury,  despite her family's and her own best efforts to make clear that she  was not to be prescribed opioids, she was discharged from the hospital  with a prescription for 50 oxycodone pills. Jessie overdosed on those  pills. She was 30 years old.   Following her tragic death, Senator Manchin and I introduced Jessie's  Law. Jessie's Law makes it easier for doctors to know if a patient has  a history of opioid abuse. It requires HHS to develop best practices  for prominently displaying this information in electronic health  records when requested by the patient so that they can see them right  there as they are discharging the patient.   Although Jessie's Law passed the Senate in August, it had not passed  the House, and I am glad to see it in the SUPPORT Act.   Still, while this may help avert future tragedies, many in the  addiction community have encouraged further action to assure that  providers can safely and effectively coordinate high-quality treatments  for patients with substance abuse disorder. To meet those needs,  Senator Manchin and I introduced the Protecting Jessie Grubb's Legacy  Act. Part 2 is not in the SUPPORT Act, and we will continue to work on  this Legacy Act to make sure that this important policy change happens.   Something we have seen in West Virginia are the ripple effects of the  opioid epidemic. These are the children, the families. An unbelievably  increasing number of children are being raised by their grandparents,  raised by their great-grandparents, or are in foster care. It is  putting a major strain on our social services but also on the  individual child who, through no fault of their own, has ping-ponged  from house to house in very emotional kinds of ways.   There are more babies receiving neonatal care, and I have worked with  my colleagues to make sure the CRIB Act, which I worked on with Senator  Brown as well--this measure clarifies a State's ability, under  Medicaid, to provide care for infants with neonatal abstinence syndrome  in residential pediatric recovery centers like Lily's Place, which we  have in Huntington, WV. The First Lady actually visited Lily's Place,  and we would welcome her to come back.   We also reauthorized the Residential Treatment for Pregnant and  Postpartum Women, a grant program I worked with my former colleague  Senator Ayotte to include in CARA. This provides new resources to  identify, prevent, and mitigate the effects of trauma related to the  opioid epidemic on infants, children, and their families.   If nothing is done for this generation and the ripple effect on  children, I fear we are at real risk of losing not just one generation  to opioids but the next generation as well. Fortunately, there are lots  of things that are being done. I will mention one: the Martinsburg  Initiative in West Virginia, which is a combination among Shepherd  University, the Martinsburg Police Department, and Berkeley County  Schools, as well as the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Eastern Panhandle  working together, based on a CDC study which shows that when children  have adverse childhood experiences, such as exposure to drugs and  alcohol, it can have a major impact on their physical and mental  development. When we started CARA 2 years ago, it was a good start, and  the SUPPORT Act is a great next step. A lot of this has to do with  funding. The Defense-Labor conference report that the President signed  into law last week includes $3.8 billion for the opioid epidemic--an  increase of $250 million. With this year's funding, funding for related  programs has increased by more than $3.5 billion over 4 years. Clearly,  we have a commitment to this as a body, as all of us working together.    I would like to applaud the efforts of all the committees involved  and especially the dedication of the HELP Committee--Chairman Alexander  and his staff and those who have worked together. I look forward to  continuing to work with my colleagues on ongoing and emerging problems  in this space. Methamphetamine is something that is way on the rise and  taking over, unfortunately, from heroin, which is just a terrific  tragedy.   There is no one silver bullet when it comes to the opioid epidemic,  but one thing is certain: I and we will keep fighting against those who  are bringing deadly drugs into our communities. We will fight for those  struggling with addiction and seeking treatment. We will fight for the  children who are caught in the middle, and we will fight for every  other person who is affected by this crisis.   I am going to keep fighting for States like mine. Even in the darkest  hours in West Virginia with this crisis, we have continued to move  forward to a better place. Overdoses are down in Huntington, WV, by 41  percent because of our community efforts toward a brighter, drug-free  future. That is what we are all fighting for.   I yield the floor.   