 Mr. President, this is my first time to address this  body. Senate tradition is for new Senators to observe, listen, and  learn before delivering a maiden speech, but there is precedent, during  matters of great importance and critical times for the future of our  country, to make remarks prior to a maiden speech. I will reserve my  maiden speech for a future date, but today I am compelled by duty to  our country and the people of Mississippi to speak in strong and  unyielding support for Judge Brett Kavanaugh.   The Constitution entrusts the Senate with the duty to provide the  President the advice and consent for a lifetime appointment on the U.S.  Supreme Court. It is a serious responsibility, but the process has  devolved into a purely political effort by those who want to keep Judge  Kavanaugh off the Court by destroying his reputation and his character.   I have had conversations with several colleagues who tell me they  have never seen such chaos and hatred as we are witnessing in this  confirmation process. The fact that accusations against Brett Kavanaugh  were suspiciously withheld until the eleventh hour really is not  surprising. We expected something, but we didn't know what it would be,  and we never expected the opposition to stoop to this level.   Let me articulate what is going on here.   Judge Kavanaugh, who has gone through multiple background checks over  the years, was unscathed by additional vetting, 31 hours of questioning  under oath, and more than 1,200 written questions--all exceeding  anything ever experienced by any Supreme Court nominee. When it became  clear that Judge Kavanaugh had a clear path to confirmation, the  opposition chose to introduce accusations of alleged misconduct that  have yet to be backed by verified facts or any evidence. It seems that  in their desperation, knowing he was about to be confirmed with no  obstacle stopping him, they panicked. In the past 2 weeks, when was the  last time you heard talk of federalism or philosophy of jurisprudence?  They lost the fight on the issues. They had to try something else-- thus, these eleventh-hour accusations.   Now, I want to be clear. My heart breaks for victims of assault and  abuse. It is an issue that must never be taken lightly. That is why  unproven accusations are so very unjust.   Faced with these disturbing accusations, Judge Kavanaugh quickly and  convincingly refuted them without mincing any words. Throughout this  exhaustive process, he has been very straightforward in shooting down  these allegations--all under the penalty of law. I believe Judge  Kavanaugh when he says these humiliating events never happened--not  three decades ago, not ever.   It seems that opponents of Judge Kavanaugh are engaged in character  assassination to destroy the reputation of a devoted public servant and  a loving husband and father. I for one will not stand by and just watch  this happen. It is an honor to serve in this body, and our debates  should strengthen the integrity of this institution, which the American  people have a right to expect.   The confirmation process is not easy. It should be comprehensive,  detailed, and allow nominees to prove their worthiness. It should not  be malicious. It should not be intentionally destructive. It should not  be a weapon to use against a qualified nominee whose life has been  given in service to our country's laws, the judiciary, and the American  people.   Judge Kavanaugh is such a nominee. I have met him and reviewed his  impeccable record of service and integrity. He is a disciple of the  rule of law and judicial restraint. He is a champion of the  Constitution. He believes, as I do, that all Americans are equal before  the law and the courts.   On behalf of all future nominees, I want to applaud Judge Kavanaugh  for standing firm and not allowing these tactics to derail his process.  It is time to bring Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation to a vote on the  floor of the Senate. He has earned my support. I encourage my  colleagues to support him as well.   I yield the floor.   