 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the bill we have in front of us, the Economic Growth, Regulatory  Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. That is a mouthful right there,  but what it is, is a culmination and reaction to the Dodd-Frank bill  that was passed in 2010 as a result of the crisis of 2008 and 2009.   I think it is important for us to note where this is directed. In  Dodd-Frank, so much of the focus was placed on large banks and larger  institutions, but what has been lost in the debate and what really is  an unintended consequence, I think, is that the massive and burdensome  regulatory legislation would affect the smaller banks, the community  banks, and the credit unions.   Senator Rounds of South Dakota and Senator Blunt of Missouri and my  State of West Virginia have more rural areas for the most part, and  these community banks and credit unions are absolutely critical to our  individuals but also to our businesses. They have been bearing the  brunt of Washington's response to that in the form of Dodd-Frank.   We know that larger financial institutions have the capital,  resources, staff, and expertise to handle a lot of these regulatory  requirements that are placed on them, but smaller institutions have  really struggled under the weight of Dodd-Frank. We didn't come to this  point today without a lot of discussion, compromise, and thoughtful  input from a lot of different entities to figure out the best way to  serve all our States. These smaller institutions play a critical role  in a State like West Virginia. Our small businesses rely on them to  open and succeed, our communities rely on them to expand, and our  economy relies on them to grow, especially in our rural areas.   Our community banks and credit unions really had to shift their  attention away from what they know best, which is relationship-based  lending and borrowing, and put it more into this regulatory environment  to devote bank resources, time, energy, effort, and legal resources to  make sure they are complying with regulations that were really intended  for larger financial institutions. It has been tough.   From 2010, which was the year Dodd-Frank was enacted, until 2016, the  number of community banks in our country has decreased by 1,600. That  is a significant decrease in the number of community banks. With little  or no access to community banks, our Main Street borrowers have been  forced to turn to larger institutions for loans. That is fine, but a  lot of times our Main Street businesses and individuals get lost in the  shuffle. Sometimes it is stiffer terms, and sometimes it could mean  rejection.   We are talking about farmers, families looking to buy a home, and of  course our small businesses. We are really talking about the hard- working men and women trying to live that American dream.  [[Page S1415]]    With smaller institutions constantly forced to merge with larger ones  to help shoulder the cost of regulation, that relationship-based model  that has served our communities for decades is disappearing.   I think it is time now, after much thought, to ease that burden and  rightsize those regulations on our smaller financial institutions, and  that is exactly what the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and  Consumer Protection Act does. It is a balanced approach to regulation.  It takes into account the differences--some of them vast differences-- between larger and smaller financial institutions.   It improves access to mortgages, which is something I have been  interested in since my service in the House when I was on Financial  Services and I chaired the Financial Institutions Subcommittee. The  mortgage issue was something that I introduced, and we worked on many,  many pieces of legislation to provide rural areas with greater access  to mortgages.   Let's just talk about what happens. If a young couple is trying to  get a mortgage or maybe it is even a med student coming out of medical  school, trying to get a mortgage for a loan with no real income yet but  in a relationship banking situation, that small community banker knows  that is going to be a safe bet at the end of the day. A lot of our  mortgages have been so constructed by Dodd-Frank that people haven't  been able to get mortgages. Let's face it. The ones who face the  biggest challenges are the ones we were supposed to be trying to help  with Dodd-Frank, and those were in the mid to lower income range who  maybe had a credit issue or some other extraneous issue. In a cookie- cutter environment, one-size-fits-all doesn't fit their size, and they  end up without the opportunity to own a home.   There are also very critical consumer protections in this bill-- protections for our seniors. I am going to go out on a limb here and  say that this is probably one area in which we haven't, as a Congress,  joined together with financial institutions and other consumer  advocates to protect our seniors from being preyed upon financially. It  is rampant. Sometimes you are preyed upon by your own family. So the  Senior Safe Act, which is Senator Collins and Senator McCaskill's bill,  protects our seniors from financial exploitation--this is part of the  bill--and fraud. This has been a consistent priority of mine.   It also works to protect our veterans, who can be very vulnerable  when seeking financial assistance, and also for individuals who have  gone through tough times financially. The legislation clarifies a lot  of the CFPB regulations to help benefit those consumers.   Student borrowers and student loans--we talk a lot about the  increasing debt that our students are incurring, the difficulty that  students, after they graduate, have in paying down these debts, but a  bill that I helped to introduce with Senator Peters is included in this  agreement. It says that when student borrowers from private loans have  the opportunity, they can rehabilitate their credit following a  default. They can't do that now. If you have a government loan, you can  do that, but if you have a student loan through a private institution,  you can't do that. So we are seeking parity between a government loan  and a private loan, and we think this will help those students repay  and relook at their finances.   Finally, in light of recent data breaches that have put many at risk,  this legislation puts in place important cyber security standards and  safeguards. Every committee we are on talks about cyber security. The  financial institutions, I think, have been on the leading edge of  trying to detect cyber invasions into information or into their  financial institutions. We have to stay one step ahead here because  this is very fast-moving.   These are all priorities and solutions on which I have worked hard,  both as a leader on the House Financial Services Committee and now, as  I chair the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations  Subcommittee.   For community financial institutions, regulatory relief and economic  growth go hand in hand. We just passed the tax relief bill, and a lot  of our small businesses are able to increase their bottom lines, grow  their businesses, grow jobs and wages. We want to see those financial  institutions grow alongside that.   Working men and women and small business owners deserve a fair shot  at mortgages. Owning a home is the American Dream. They also deserve a  process that takes into consideration the kind of community where they  live.   We deserve relief from these burdensome and unbalanced regulations we  have been forced to contend with for too long. The Economic Growth,  Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act does just this. It gives  us an opportunity to send a clear message to Main Street, and that is:  We support you. We support you.   I encourage all of my colleagues to stand with me. I want to thank  Chairman Crapo for his dedicated insistence that this come to the floor  of the U.S. Senate and that we have bipartisan support. It is very well  thought-out. It doesn't have the whole kitchen sink in it. It has the  provisions that I think are the top priority for our financial  institutions but also for all of us who represent Main Street here in  the U.S. Senate.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   