 Mr. President, I and the Acting President pro tempore  have been on the Select Intelligence Committee for a considerable  period of time--I much longer than he. However, I think we are both  well experienced with the subject, and I would like to make a few  comments on section 702. For 6 years, I was chairman of the committee,  and the ranking member for 2 years. What I came to see is that, in my  view, there was no more significant content collection program than  section 702, and I want to give a couple of examples and explain why I  think it is so important that 702 be reauthorized.   A little more than a year ago, on December 31 of last year,  approximately 500 people gathered in a popular Turkish nightclub on the  banks of the Bosphorus to celebrate New Year's Eve. Tragically, shortly  after midnight, a gunman entered that club and opened fire, killing 39  innocent civilians and wounding 69 others. At least 16 of those killed  were foreign nationals, including an American who was shot in the hip.  Many people inside reportedly jumped into the water in an attempt to  protect themselves from the gunfire. After committing this act, the  gunman changed his clothes and fled the scene.   Almost immediately, Turkish law enforcement and American intelligence  officials began cooperation to identify and locate the shooter. Part of  that effort included intelligence collection under section 702 of the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. The information derived from the  702 collection ultimately led the police to an apartment in the  Esenyurt district neighborhood of Istanbul. There, law enforcement  arrested an Uzbek national, named Abdulkadir Masharipov, at a friend's  apartment, along with firearms, ammunition, drones, and over $200,000  in cash.   Thanks to the work of Turkish and American law enforcement and  intelligence agencies, just 16 days after this horrific attack, police  had the prime suspect in custody. Mr. Masharipov is currently awaiting  trial in Turkey.   Section 702 of FISA is the most important foreign content collection  program that we have. It allows the government to quickly and  efficiently collect phone call and email content from non-U.S. persons  who are located outside of the United States. Information collected  under section 702 informs nearly every component of our Nation's  national security and foreign policy.   Section 702 was used by the CIA to alert a partner nation to the  presence of an al-Qaida operative who was turning into a cooperating  source. Section 702 was used to intercept al-Qaida communications about  a U.S. person seeking instructions on how to make explosives in the  United States. It was also used to understand proliferation networks  used by adversary nations to evade sanctions, including military  communications equipment.   In 2014 the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, or what we  call PCLOB, reported: ``Over a quarter of the NSA's reports concerning  international terrorism include information based in whole or in part  on section 702 collection, and this percentage has increased every year  since the statute was enacted.''   The law expressly prohibits the targeting of U.S. persons or the  targeting of persons located in the United States. Section 702 is a  foreign content collection program.   I also believe it is equally important that reauthorization include  reforms to ensure that the program continues to operate consistently  with the statute's original intent and our Constitution.   Perhaps the most important among these reforms is the issue of U.S.  person queries. U.S. person queries refer to the process by which the  government searches the 702 database for the content of U.S. persons'  communications.   U.S. persons cannot be targeted under section 702, but they can be  collected incidentally if the individual is communicating with a non- U.S. person who is located overseas and is targeted under section 702.  If an American's communications are collected incidentally, they are  added to the 702 database. The government can later search, or query,  that database for any American and gain access to the contents of any  phone calls or emails that may have been swept up in the section 702  collection. Each of these queries results in the government's accessing  the contents of a U.S. person's communications without ever going  before a judge or securing a warrant.   The Fourth Amendment requires the government to obtain a warrant  based on probable cause before accessing those communications, and the  Supreme Court has been clear: Americans have a right to privacy in the  content of their phone calls and emails. The same standard should apply  to communications incidentally collected under section 702.   During the Senate Intelligence Committee's markup of section 702, I  offered an amendment with my colleague from California, Senator Harris,  that would require the government to obtain a warrant from the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Court prior to accessing the content of any  U.S. person's communications collected under section 702.  Unfortunately, our amendment did not succeed in the committee.  [[Page S226]]    I have also filed our warrant requirement as a floor amendment to the  bill that is currently under consideration. This amendment has been  cosponsored again by Senator Harris as well as by Senators Leahy and  Lee. I really do believe that a warrant requirement will eventually be  important as people become more concerned with the need to reform some  of these longstanding provisions.   The House-passed bill that is currently before us has a number of  positive reforms. First, it does have limited warrant authority that  would require the FBI to obtain a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Court prior to accessing the contents of the U.S. person's  communications that are associated with a query that was not related to  foreign intelligence or national security. The warrant provision in  this bill is not as strong as the one I offered in committee, but it  was the result of a bipartisan compromise in the House, and I do  believe it is a step in the right direction.   The House bill also includes other important reforms. It establishes  a required congressional review process before the government is  permitted to restart ``abouts'' collection. It requires the DNI to  declassify minimization procedures. It provides greater flexibility to  the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board to meet and hire staff.  It also directs the inspector general to assess the FBI's section 702  practices so that we can continue to provide oversight for that  program.   In conclusion, section 702, by its numbers and by its covering, is  our Nation's most important foreign content collection authority. I  would like to see more reforms to this program, and perhaps that is  something that those of us on the Select Intelligence Committee can  strive for. I believe this is the best we are going to do at this time,  and I look forward to supporting its passage.   I thank the Acting President pro tempore.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   