 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman as well for all  of his help getting this bill done.   I rise today in support of the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary  Expansion Act, and I urge my colleagues to vote for it.   This morning, I was up at 4 a.m. and got to the Sioux Falls Airport  by 5 a.m. to greet a group of veterans who were taking an Honor Flight.  They were getting on a plane and heading to Washington, D.C. to see  their monuments and to spend some time with family and guardians  reminiscing about their service to this country. I was reminded about  the sacrifices that they have made to defend our liberty and our  freedoms in this country. They were looking forward to it.   As I listened to their stories and heard about their time overseas  and in-country, but also on ships and field, it was overwhelming to me  what all they had done and what they had experienced in service to this  country.   In fact, one of the men was in his eighties, and it was going to be  the first time today that he actually flew on an airplane. When he was  in the Navy, he took a train to the coast and got on a ship. He was  excited about this, not only being an opportunity to honor his service,  but also to have new experiences along the way.   As I thought about them all day traveling out to D.C. and doing our  work here, and the fact that this bill was going to be on the floor  today, I was reminded again and again that South Dakota has a long and  honorable history of service. In fact, we have one of the highest  service rates in the Nation in our State. It is a small State, but they  are highly patriotic, and they love this country.   The fact that the Black Hills National Cemetery needs room to grow is  a testament to the sheer number of patriotic South Dakotans who have  answered their country's call to serve.   I am honored to have championed this legislation in Congress for  several years, and I am proud to say that the House has passed it twice  already. Today is going to be different though. Today, with all of your  support, we can finally do right by our veterans and send this bill to  President Trump for his signature.   Allowing the Black Hills National Cemetery to expand is the very  least that we can do to honor these great patriots who have served our  Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   