 Mr. Speaker, when the Federal Government  spends far more than it receives year after year, it threatens the  long-term stability of our economy, compromises our children's future,  and undermines our security.   Amending the Constitution to require a balanced budget is a serious  step, but one that has become appropriate. That is because all other  efforts to make Congress demonstrate a reasonable degree of fiscal  discipline have failed. But not all proposed balanced budget  amendments, or BBAs, are created equal.   The BBA we are considering today--and I say this with respect for my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle--is poorly crafted, painfully  cruel, and profoundly cynical.   It is poorly crafted because it is excessively rigid. For example, it  does not allow Federal lawmakers to run even small deficits to help the  country emerge from a recession or a depression. That is bad economic  policy that will hurt working families.   It is cruel because it would allow a Federal court, if called on to  enforce the BBA, to order cuts to Social Security and Medicare  payments, harming citizens who have earned their benefits through a  lifetime of hard work, and it is cynical because House leadership is  bringing this bill to the floor after it enacted a tax law that doesn't  do enough to help middle class and small businesses, and that will  explode our Nation's deficits and debt.   In fact, in a sobering new report, the Congressional Budget Office  estimates that our annual deficit will exceed $1 trillion within 2  years. CBO also estimates that the debt to GDP ratio will approach 100  percent within a decade--a dangerous figure not witnessed since the  immediate aftermath of World War II.   It is hard to avoid the conclusion that this BBA is a superficial  exercise in political messaging rather than a serious effort to address  a real problem. This is a real shame because we must tackle this  problem, not as Democrats or Republicans, but as patriotic Americans  concerned about the future of the country we love.   That is why last June I filed my own BBA, which has been endorsed by  the Blue Dog Coalition. I believe my bill is a far better approach to  the problem than the resolution we are considering today. My bill  generally prohibits the Federal Government from spending more than it  receives in a fiscal year, but it does not dictate how lawmakers should  bring receipts and outlays into balance. We must examine the problem in  a holistic manner and make the tough but necessary choices our  constituents elected us to make. My bill contains provisions to protect  Social Security and Medicare.   Unlike the resolution before us, it would not balance the budget on  the backs of those who built our economy. My bill recognizes that there  are times when running a deficit is necessary or sensible; like when  our Nation is engaged in a military conflict or mired in an economic  slump.   Therefore, the bill authorizes an exception to the balanced budget  requirement when Congress declares war, when GDP does not grow for two  consecutive quarters, or when unemployment exceeds 7 percent for 2  straight months. In addition, a supermajority of the House and Senate  may vote to authorize outlays to exceed receipts in other  circumstances.   In short, the goal is not to make annual deficits impossible, but to  make it harder for policymakers to sacrifice the long-term stability of  our economy for the sake of short-term gain.   If the Federal Government is going to spend more than it receives,  that decision should be taken in a deliberate and bipartisan fashion,  and not merely because it is politically expedient.   My broader goal in filing a BBA is to spur an honest conversation in  Congress, in my central Florida district, and around the country, about  the consequences, for both our economy and our national security, of  piling deficit upon deficit.   It is clear our country must change course. We still have time to  act. The question is: Do we have the courage to act?   