 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the  Sanders-Murphy resolution. It is time to end our involvement in the war  in Yemen.   In 2015, I was notified by a senior Saudi official of the Kingdom's  intention to take military action in Yemen. I was assured the conflict  would not last long. I was told it would be precise and focus on  ousting the Houthis and restoring the Hadi government.   Nearly 4 years later, the war in Yemen has dragged on. All we have  seen is widespread death and destruction with no end in sight.   For nearly 4 years, the coalition has bombed Yemen once every 100  minutes, and one-third of those strikes targeted nonmilitary sites.   So far, the war has directly killed more than 16,000 civilians, with  tens of thousands more injured. Without a resolution to this conflict,  many thousands more will undoubtedly die.   But those deaths don't paint the whole picture. The ongoing war, with  our support, has created the world's worst humanitarian disaster.   Nearly 85,000 children have died of severe malnutrition, and another  400,000 are at risk of the same fate.   Fourteen million people require emergency food aid just to see  another day.   A majority of Yemen's population does not have access to clean water,  sanitation or adequate public healthcare.   Cholera and other diseases are rampant throughout Yemen as public  services have collapsed.   There have been 1.2 million suspected cases of cholera, resulting in  2,500 fatalities from this entirely preventable disease.   Today, nearly three-quarters of the population--almost 22 million  people--need some form of humanitarian assistance.   That is because more than half of Yemen's healthcare facilities have  been purposefully destroyed by the Saudi coalitions' relentless  bombing. The few medical facilities that remain lack sufficient staff,  equipment, and medicine to serve the millions of Yemenis who require  their help.   The conflict is getting worse. Since the coalition's assault on the  port city of Hodeidah, civilian deaths have increased by 164 percent.   The United States can no longer turn a blind eye to this conflict  because we are a party to it. The United States provides targeting  assistance, military advice, and until recently, aerial refueling for  the Saudi-led coalition. We  [[Page S7165]]  do all that despite the lack of a military solution to end the war. The  longer we enable the conflict to continue, the more innocent men,  women, and children will die.   Instead of facilitating endless fighting, we must push for  reconciliation. I have personally urged Saudi and Iranian officials to  meet to discuss their differences. To my great disappointment, they  refuse to do so. I welcomed Secretary Mattis's announcement that the  United States will no longer refuel the coalition's aircraft, but more  must be done.   Until there is a congressional authorization, all U.S. forces  supporting the coalition's war should be withdrawn. That is why I  support the Sanders-Lee resolution. Voting to remove our forces will  send a clear message that we will no longer be complicit in this  conflict. Secretaries Mattis and Pompeo have publicly called for a  ceasefire, which has been ignored.   By ending our participation in this brutal war, we will send an  unambiguous message that we will not accept continued bloodshed.   I am voting for the Sanders-Lee resolution, and I urge my colleagues  to do the same.   Thank you.   