 Madam President, I thank my colleagues. I think we  have spent a lot of time on the floor thanking each other, which is a  good thing. Unfortunately, too often, we go back to tribal warfare  after we thank each other, but this is an example of when we have  worked together in a bipartisan way. So I think those ``thanks'' are  justified, particularly in this case when there has been an honest and  true bipartisan effort to get at a very serious problem in this  country. It was a pleasure to work with my colleague Senator Portman as  we did this investigation.   So how do I come to this place? I come to this place as somebody who  had spent a significant part of her career in the courtroom prosecuting  sex crimes. I think I can say with confidence that I prosecuted more  sex crimes than any other Member of the U.S. Senate. I can't speak for  the House because I am not familiar with the backgrounds of all of the  House Members.   I spent years as an assistant prosecutor. For part of that time, I  was the only woman in the office, and for some reason, they thought  that was a good reason to have me gain expertise in the area of sex  crimes. I was happy to take on the responsibility of handling a lot of  those cases as a young assistant prosecutor, going into the courtroom  and arguing cases to juries, holding the hands of victims, crying with  their families, trying to find that special spot that is called justice  in a system that is sometimes stacked against the victims of these  kinds of crimes. I went on to be the elected prosecutor in Kansas City  and tried to continue our strong stand against all forms of sex crimes,  including against the people who were profiting off of selling sex.   It is important to remember that when we began this investigation in  the Senate, we were dealing with someone who didn't want to cooperate.  What we learned through the investigation was that this law, as it  exists now,  [[Page S1854]]  was their protector. They were being protected for their bad acts by an  outdated law that had been twisted and distorted to allow them to make  billions of dollars of profit and, frankly, millions, upon millions,  upon millions of dollars of profit off of trafficking young women for  sex. The prosecution of cases is not driven by headlines. It is not  driven by press conferences. It is not driven by photo ops. The  prosecution of cases is driven by evidence. You only get evidence after  having a thorough and complete investigation, and it has to be in- depth.   I know that Senator Portman will relate to this. Can you imagine,  when backpage said, ``We don't want to talk to you,'' if we had said,  ``OK. That is fine''? Can you imagine, when backpage said, ``We refuse  to be interviewed,'' if we had just said, ``OK. No problem. We don't  have any evidence of wrongdoing. Let's just go on our way''?   Instead, when we were confronted with their stubborn unwillingness to  participate in a U.S. Senate investigation, we did what was necessary  to hold them accountable, and it involved the cooperation of the entire  Senate. Once they rebuffed our subpoenas and refused to show up, and  once they said, ``No, we don't have to give you anything because of the  current law as it relates to section 230'' and we said, ``No, that is  not true,'' we got the entire U.S. Senate to back us up--every single  Member.   I don't know how unusual it is in this day and age to have zero on  one side of the ledger in the U.S. Senate. I don't know about Senator  Portman, but I have seen it very few times. Now, there is usually one  or two who hang out there for some reason or another, no matter how  uncontroversial a piece of legislation is. Yet, in this instance, we  got everybody. Everybody who voted said: Yes, let's take backpage to  court and assert our ability under the Constitution and the law to  investigate. We took them all the way to the Supreme Court, and we won  that case.   What happened after that is really important for people to understand  because there were lots of folks around the country who were trying to  get at backpage's conduct, but it was able to use this law to protect  itself. There were two things we did that were very important for  prosecutors after our investigation.   The first thing we did was to send the whole file over to the  Department of Justice for referral. It sits there now--all of the  information we have about backpage--at the Department of Justice, and I  am hopeful that it is using that information and all of the  documentation we were able to obtain to pursue bad acts and criminal  violations by backpage.   The other thing we did with the vote of the Senate and the  cooperation of the Senate is to open up our files to any prosecutor or  attorney general in the country. I would certainly call on the  attorneys general of this country and call on the local prosecutors in  this country to access these documents that are available to them now  and to use them in the investigations they have of people who might  have actually used backpage to traffic young women and sometimes  children.   Why is this law so important? If I am looking at this through a  prosecutor's lens, now all of the prosecutors in the country can go  after anyone who knowingly facilitates sex trafficking online. I am not  saying when it is by accident, and I am not saying when it has slipped  through and they don't know it; I am talking about to knowingly  facilitate, which is what backpage was doing. Once we got all of its  documents, we learned it was knowingly facilitating sex trafficking on  its web page.   Not only can individuals walk in the courthouse and get a moment of  justice through civil action, but now attorneys general can take civil  action, even in Federal court, against these websites. Most  importantly, where most crime is prosecuted in this country, they can  go after these folks.   I don't think most Americans realize--I know a lot of Missourians  don't realize--that upwards of 90 percent of the crime that is  prosecuted in this country is done by local prosecutors. FBI agents  don't answer 9-1-1 calls. FBI agents get to pick where they  investigate. U.S. attorneys get to choose which cases they take. Local  prosecutors do not. They take everything. They have to go after every  crime that is committed in their jurisdictions. There may be concurrent  Federal jurisdiction, and they may work with the Federal Government on  a bank robbery or maybe on a murder when the body is moved across a  State line. Yet I don't think most Americans realize that for most  crimes in this country, the Federal Government doesn't even have  jurisdiction. The Federal Government cannot prosecute a rape case  anywhere except in the District of Columbia or a territory. That is all  done by State and local prosecutors.   The most important part of this bill to someone who is deeply steeped  in local prosecutions is the tool it gives our frontline of law  enforcement in this country--the people who answer the 9-1-1 calls, the  people who respond to the emergency room when a young, 15-year-old girl  wanders in, like she did in St. Louis, saying she had been trafficked  up and down the interstate and was coming to the emergency room for  help. It was not the FBI that responded. It would have been the local  police who had responded to that emergency room to find out what the  facts had been and who had determined how to go forward. This is a new  tool in the toolbox of the frontline of criminal prosecutions in this  country, and I am so proud to have been a part of it.   I know there are going to be some amendments offered. I am confident  they will be voted down. By the way, everyone wants to support more  resources for this. So in an effort to try to amend the bill so that it  has to go back to the House, the notion that one of the amendments is  of needing more resources is one of those jujitsu moves that we do  around here, frankly, that is not always productive.   Of course, we all support more resources for sex trafficking  prosecutions and investigations, but we don't want to amend this bill  right now because it has to get to the President's desk so that we can  get busy and get after this crime and do what we need to do in this  country in order to hold the people accountable who are profiting off  the backs of people who sell children for sex.   I thank the Presiding Officer, and I thank my colleague Senator  Portman for all of his work and cooperation on this issue.   I yield the floor.   