 Mr. President, I would like to thank my colleague. He  and I were both in Branson last Friday. We didn't have a chance to see  each other, but we were both there for the same reason; that is, an  unspeakable tragedy in our State that has Federal involvement because  the investigations will occur jointly with the Coast Guard and the  NTSB.   I would echo many of the remarks that my colleague made. I  particularly was struck when I was there--the highway patrol divers had  just finished their work. They had the worst job maybe in the country  last Friday, but certainly in Missouri. Their job was to go to the  bottom of the lake and find the bodies that had been trapped in this  amphibious vehicle at the bottom of one of the most beautiful lakes in  the world.   We never want a tragedy like this to strike in our State. I will tell  my colleagues that the only silver lining I can find is that it  happened in a part of our State where there is a great deal of love.  There is a lot of openness in Branson, MO, for the travelers who come  through, for all the tourists who come to Branson. We are very proud of  that area of our State. The Ozarks have some of the most beautiful  terrain God has created. These lakes that we have, both in the central  part of our State and in the southwest part of our State, we are very  proud of. They turned ugly and deadly last Thursday, and we have had a  tremendous loss of life.   This investigation will take a year or more. I join my colleague in  urging the Senate to approve these two nominees that have been pending  for too long. It is my understanding we have gotten movement on that  today. It is sad that it would take a tragedy like this to get this  moving, but I believe that by the end of the day--I am at least  optimistic at this point; I don't know what my colleague Senator Blunt  has learned, but I have learned that it appears that these nominees  will be approved by the end of the day.   There were incredibly difficult weather conditions, but there are  inherent dangers in these amphibious vehicles. We know this. How do we  know this? Because it has been investigated before. We have had 40  deaths associated with duck boats since 1999, yet there has been little  done to address the inherent danger of these amphibious vehicles. We  had 13 deaths in Arkansas in Lake Hamilton in 1999, 4 deaths in the  Ottawa River in Ontario, Canada in 2002, 2 in the Delaware River in  Philadelphia in 2010, and then the 17 deaths that occurred last week.  Additionally, we had five deaths when a vehicle collided, when it had  an on-land collision in Seattle in 2015.   Back when the NTSB investigated the incident in Arkansas, which is  about 200 miles south of Branson, they found contributing factors to  that accident to be the lack of adequate buoyancy that would have  allowed the vehicle to remain afloat in a flooded condition, the lack  of adequate oversight by the Coast Guard, and, importantly, also the  canopy. When these vehicles are on water, the canopy serves as a trap  if they take on water and are sinking. People who are trying to get out  have no easy way to escape this sinking vehicle because the canopy  traps them within the vehicle.   It also is a problem in terms of wearing life jackets because if  someone has a life jacket on and one of these vehicles goes down in the  water, they get trapped against the roof even more because the buoyancy  of the life jacket holds them against the roof and makes  [[Page S5240]]  it even more difficult for them to get to some point of ingress or  egress.   These are not open vehicles. When they are in the water, it is almost  like an enclosed bus. It is almost like--imagine if you are on an  airplane in the water or on a bus in the matter. It is not a boat; it  is a vehicle. So the NTSB recommendations were pretty straightforward.  Unfortunately, nothing happened as a result of those recommendations.   I am in the early stages of drafting legislation with input from the  NTSB and the Coast Guard to require that the design issues with these  passenger vessels be addressed and that the boats that are not  compliant be taken out of service until they can be compliant. We think  that their past recommendations are reasonable and common sense. We  really think the biggest problem that has to be addressed is this  reserve buoyancy that has been pointed out in the past as part of the  significant problem. If they can't do the buoyancy on a really timely  basis, at a minimum, remove the canopies if they are going on the water  so there is an opportunity for people to escape what is a sinking  coffin, which it was; it was a sinking coffin for way too many people  last Thursday.   As always, I want this to be done in a way that makes sense, but I  don't think it makes sense for us to wait another year to address some  of these glaring issues in terms of passenger safety.   I also would like to take a moment to recognize the victims in this  tragedy. We had five victims who were from Missouri: William Asher, 69,  and Rose Marie Hamann, 68, who both lived in St. Louis; Janice Bright  and her husband, William Bright, 63 and 65, from Higginsville, MO,  closer to Kansas City; Bob Williams, the driver, not the captain of the  vessel, 73 years old, who lived in Branson.   From Arkansas, Steve Smith was 53, and Lance Smith was 15 years old.   From Illinois, Leslie Dennison was 64 years old.   Maybe the most heartbreaking, in some ways, was the large family who  lost so many members as a result of this vehicle sinking in the Table  Rock Lake: Angela, 45; Belinda, 69; Ervin, 76; Glenn, 40; Horace, 70;  and then the Coleman children, including Reece, who was 9; Evan, who  was 7; Maxwell, who was 2; and Arya, who was only 1 year old.   We mourn their deaths. I do think this is a situation where you do  feel helpless. On the other hand, I do think there are steps we can  take so that these particular amphibious vehicles are addressed in  terms of passenger safety so that there is never again a feeling of  helplessness when one of these boats finds itself in a situation where  it is taking on water but the people in the vehicle cannot get out of  the vehicle in order to save themselves and can't even avail themselves  of life preservers in a way that would protect them if for any reason  they were not capable swimmers.   I am very proud of both NTSB and the Coast Guard, who were working  well together when I was down there. Mayor Best was doing a terrific  job. The Red Cross was there in full display in terms of providing  services. The people of Branson were in the midst of an outpouring of  love, affection, respect, and sympathy--and the entire State. Our  Governor has done a good job.   Frankly, it is the silly season for me. This is the time when there  are relatively few weeks until an election, and the fur is flying, and  the politics go back and forth. It was like an oasis on Friday in terms  of everyone coming together, setting their politics on the side of the  road, and trying to work together to find answers to these difficult  questions and come together as we should and find a way to protect the  traveling public and the people.   The saddest thing about this is the people who went on this vehicle  went because they were there having a great time. That is probably a  cruel irony of this situation. They weren't taking a bus on the way to  work. They weren't taking a plane on a business trip. They were  enjoying a beautiful location with their family in the middle of what  should have been a carefree moment, and it turned deadly and tragic. We  do need to come together and try to make sure this doesn't happen in  the future.   With a respectful nod to all the first responders and the people of  the Branson community who have been so supportive, I yield the floor.   