 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman Dwight  Evans, who hails from the Second District of Pennsylvania. I thank him  for leading us tonight. I also thank Congressional Black Caucus  Chairman Cedric Richmond for allowing us to come tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in coming to the floor tonight to  mark the 50th anniversary of the assassination of Reverend Dr. Martin  Luther King. We have made progress in these past 50 years, but the  legacy and example of Dr. King show us that much remains to be done.   Although many marches and protests were met with violence, we had Dr.  King and the women and men who stood with him, like our very own  colleague and Congressional Black Caucus member, Congressman John  Lewis.   As I listened to Congressman Lewis tonight--as I sit on this House  floor and have the privilege and honor to call him a colleague and a  friend--it reminded me of his courage and how much more work we have to  do.   It was through these peaceful protests, it was through their courage,  it was through the power of the messages that they sent that they stood  up against the establishment.   Dr. King was able to bring the injustices felt by African Americans  nationwide to the forefront of American politics. His work culminated  in the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, where hundreds of  thousands of individuals of all stripes and communities came for a call  to justice and equality for all.  [[Page H16]]    It was on that day, August 28, 1963, when Dr. King gave one of his  most powerful and famous speeches, that passionate speech, ``I Have a  Dream,'' calling for the end of racism and the expansion of civil  rights and economic rights.   I am so proud that Mother Beatty's mother, my husband's grandmother,  was an invited platform guest to witness that speech. We have that  picture in our office to remind us and to remind our children and  grandchildren of the power of Dr. Martin Luther King and Congressman  John Lewis.   With the emotions and the will of the march that it encapsulated in  such powerful words, civil rights rose to the top of the agenda of  reformers and facilitated the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.  Still, Mr. Speaker, Dr. King's work was not done.   The next year, Dr. King helped to lead the Selma to Montgomery march.  How proud I am that I was able to participate in the reenactment of  that on its 50th anniversary. The march route spanned some 54 miles,  from Selma, Alabama, to the State capital in Montgomery.   The marchers were in response to the Southern States' legislatures  passing and maintaining discriminatory laws and practices over decades  where it meant to deny, Mr. Speaker, African Americans across the  State, across the South, the right to vote.   What is our message? What is our message tonight?   We are here because we are still walking in it. We are still fighting  for civil rights and voting rights and economic rights. We are still  fighting for equal pay for equal work.   But we are not afraid. Mr. Lewis led us on this House floor in  fighting for gun safety. We are not afraid because we are continuing  the legacy of Martin Luther King.   Lastly, let me just say that we must break this cycle of economic  inequality, racism, and poverty. We must stand up to the GOP and to  President Trump, because when we look at this tax reform bill, it  brings those injustices to economics and equality, a financial gain.   So we are here tonight to say there is still a dream. There is still  a stone of hope.   Again, I thank my colleague for leading us in this celebration and  this tribute to Martin Luther King.   