 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from California for  very clearly outlining, for all of us to hear, why this was not a  search for truth on an issue that affects so many people in this  country, the victims of sexual assault who often, as she just  described, do not talk about it, do not speak about it, do not ever  tell anyone until there is a reason to, which is what Dr. Ford did.   While the Senator from California is here, you said this was not a  search for truth. When it comes to victims of sexual assault--and you  have dealt with them time and again as a district attorney and attorney  general in the State of California--what message does this send when  they see the U.S. Senate?    I thank the Senator from California, and I so agree.  This is one of my biggest fears about this moment. Let me talk about  why that is true. I was a mom at home in 1991. I was a State senator  but not interested in what was happening here at all. My interest came  because I watched the Clarence Thomas-Hill hearings, and I watched how  a woman shared a very difficult story with an all-male panel of the  Judiciary Committee at the time. She was disbelieved. She was swept  aside. She was treated as if her voice wasn't important, and she was  not believed.   I was so angry as a woman because like so many women in this country,  I knew of so many people with experiences much like hers who, too, at  work at that time had been dismissed, not believed, and were afraid to  speak up. I was angry, and I went to a gathering that night and told  some of my friends in 1991, the night of the hearing, I am going to  have to run for the U.S. Senate because I need to be inside that to  speak up for these women.   That is what motivated me to run. I was not given one chance of  winning that Senate race. Here I am today, 27 years later. Why? Because  so many women and men who understood shared that experience and knew  that voice needed to be here. That is what brought me to the U.S.  Senate.   Let me talk about Dr. Ford because I listened to her, like everyone  else did, and I heard her voice and it rang so true to me. I watched  her with tears in my eyes because she was honest, she was sincere, she  was persuasive, she was credible. She had no reason to lie--none. In  fact, I think we should remember, she did not want to come forward  initially. She was worried about the attacks that would come. She knew  the history, as every one of us do, what happens to those courageous  voices when they speak up, the invasion of privacy they have. She knew  what it would mean for her family.   She only came forward when Judge Kavanaugh was on the very short list  for the Supreme Court, before he was ever sent to us. She came forward  and spoke out, but no one called her. She didn't want to do it  publicly. She didn't want to have this become what she was known for in  her life, but she did. If it weren't for her, we would not be at this  point.   Judge Kavanaugh was selected, and only then was Dr. Ford able to get  her information to the people who would pay attention. She insisted it  be kept confidential, to none of our surprise. She didn't want a  spectacle. She didn't want a show. Why did she do that? She felt it was  her civic duty that we as U.S. Senators--who were giving, essentially,  a job interview to a man who wanted a position on the highest Court of  the land and would be judging people in front of him--should know what  his character was.   Her story was compelling. She took a polygraph test. She did  everything right. She had told people before. She presented her case  credibly. It is extremely disconcerting to me, as someone who watched  the Clarence Thomas-Hill hearings and is sitting here, that I have  heard people dismiss her, put her down, all the way up to the President  of the United States. What message does that send across the country  today and to other women who are so bravely now telling their stories  so it will not happen to anyone else? What does this say to them? What  does it say to young girls in high school and college today? They are  going to get away with it, so be quiet because it will only ruin your  life, not theirs.   I have heard my colleagues say: Well, it was high school, it was  college.   Really? Is that what we want young boys in high school today to  think; that it is OK, don't worry, whatever you do in high school does  not count--whatever you do in college doesn't count?   I do not want my grandson to hear that message. I do not want my  granddaughters to hear that message. I want  [[Page S6583]]  my country to be better than that. Dr. Ford is a real person. She is  not alone.   If any Senator in the U.S. Senate is listening, they will hear voices  in their own States, from places they know, from their own relatives,  from friends they have not ever known about, bravely come forward  because Dr. Ford did. This Senate, with the action we are pursuing,  could crush those voices forever.   To my friends out there and to everyone who has a story, do not be  silent. That is not how we win this for the future, but know we do  believe you. The Senate has changed since then. I was proud of the  Judiciary Committee members on our side, because unlike when I watched  the Senate in 1991, there were women and men there who were listening,  and they are today.   We have to, in this Senate, think about the consequence of this vote  to so many people who are listening today and asking: Do I say anything  or do I let it happen?   I urge my colleagues to remember the lesson of 1991, where too many  people felt ``I can't speak out.'' We are changing. We are growing. We  are speaking out. It is so imperative this Senate stand behind those  women. We hear you. We believe you. We know that happened to you. You  need to tell your story. You need to have the courage, and we will be  behind you.   I say to the Senators who are joining me today, both who have been  involved in these cases, I am concerned this message could be the wrong  one for young men and women who are coming behind us. We have to stand  up for them.   I yield to the Senator from Connecticut.    I thank the Senator from Connecticut. No, I am not a  lawyer. I was a preschool teacher, and one of the things I do know is  that I wanted my students to know it is not OK to bully. You have to  take a pause and do what is right.   But let me tell you, what I would want for every one of the kids I  have ever taught in preschool is to know that if anything they deeply  care about--an issue or they themselves--ever appears in a court, then  they should feel, in the United States of America, that they would be  given a fair shot, and win or lose, the judge presiding over them would  leave them with that feeling at the end of the day. That, to me, is why  temperament is so important.   If Americans lose the sense that no matter who they are or what their  issue is or where they come from or how much money they make in our  court of law, they stand a chance to be heard, even if they lose or if  they win--that is why temperament is so important to me as a nonlawyer  and someone who cares deeply about this country.    Madam President, I come to the floor to speak in  opposition to the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.   I want to make a few quick points as we conclude this debate today,  and then I want to speak to the people watching who may not believe  what the Senate could be headed toward today--who are shocked and  angry, frustrated and hurt.   First and foremost, I believe Dr. Ford. I believe her when she shared  her experience of being assaulted by Judge Kavanaugh. I believe her  because of what she said, and she remembered with 100 percent  certainty.   I believe her despite what some Republicans are trying to use to tear  her down because I know trauma experts tell us survivors may not  remember every single detail of these events.   I believe Republican leaders and President Trump did everything they  could to hide the facts and rush this through because they were afraid  of what a full investigation would show, and I believe it is simply  wrong to rush to a finish on this confirmation based on that alone.   I also believe that what we saw of Judge Kavanaugh's temperament in  the hearing last week--his bitter partisanship, his rage, his  disrespect--was absolutely disqualifying as well and will undermine the  Supreme Court and erode trust in the decisions they make.   I believe the lack of credibility and honesty he demonstrated in his  hearings, which I and my colleagues have spoken about at great length,  is absolutely disqualifying as well, and this isn't just me saying  this. We are hearing an unprecedented outcry on this particular point  from lawyers and judges and former clerks and the religious community,  and even Supreme Court Justice Stevens. Even setting aside those  issues, before Dr. Ford's allegations came out and before we saw more  of Judge Kavanaugh in those hearings, I opposed his nomination because  it was so clear he was picked by President Trump for a few key reasons.   Specifically, he would overturn Roe v. Wade and gut women's  healthcare; he would gut healthcare reform and end protections for  patients with preexisting conditions; and he would protect President  Trump with his disturbingly expansive view on Presidential power, which  is particularly dangerous when we have a President under investigation  with members of his campaign and administration going to jail and  facing indictments.   That is not all we know about him, but we know those things, and to  me that was enough to make my decision. So I do oppose Judge Kavanaugh,  and I hope we can do the right thing in the Senate today.   I want to spend the rest of my few minutes this morning making a  different point and not just to my colleagues but to the people who are  watching from home and across the country because I am very concerned  about the message Republican leaders are sending today to women and  girls and survivors--the message they are delivering on the Senate  floor, at rallies, through the press, and directly to the people.   To Dr. Ford and Ms. Ramirez, and so many other women, girls and  survivors, these Republicans are saying your voices don't matter. Your  experiences, your trauma, your pain, your heartache, your anger--none  of that matters.   Their message is: We don't have to listen. We don't have to care. Sit  down. Be quiet. They are sending the message that if you are a woman  who was attacked, if you are a survivor, then your experience is just  one more ``hiccup'' to ``plow right through'' on the path to get what  they want; that if you come forward with your experience, you will  [[Page S6667]]  be told you are just ``mixed up,'' wrong, lying, or worse.   They are sending a message that you will be asked why you didn't come  forward sooner, what you wore, how much you had to drink, what  medication you were taking, if you had any history of mental issues,  how you got to the party, how you got home; that you will be mocked and  undermined, told to ``grow up'' and waved away, and that is just if  they can't find a way to sweep you aside and ignore you altogether.   They are sending a message that when it comes to a man who has gone  to prestigious schools, who has all the connections, who has spent his  entire life setting himself up for this moment, it is his experience  that matters, his pain that matters, his future that matters, not  yours.   They aren't just sending a message to women and girls and survivors,  they are sending a message to men and boys, too, and that is what  frightens me just as much. They are sending a message to them that if  they attack women, if they hurt people, they are going to be fine; that  they may hear that this kind of behavior is wrong, that it is not  acceptable, but don't worry, nothing will actually happen to them if  they do it.   They can grab women without their consent and brag about it, they can  sexually assault women and laugh about it, and they are probably going  to even be fine. They can even grow up to be President of the United  States or a Justice on the Supreme Court.   That is absolutely wrong.   So I want to send a very different message to women, girls, and  survivors: Your voices do matter. Your experiences do matter. There are  a whole lot of people who are listening to you, who do hear you, who do  believe you. Please, please do not give up and do not stay quiet  because no matter what happens today, however this vote goes, your  voices are making a difference, maybe not to those Republicans mocking  Dr. Ford--they may not want to hear what you have to say--and maybe not  to President Trump, but with every story that comes out, every new  voice that breaks the silence, we make progress. Every father and  mother who learns what happened to their daughter or son all of those  years ago that they had never shared before, every son and daughter who  hears from their mom and dad about abuse or attacks they faced and  never talked about, everyone who hears from a friend, who listens to a  coworker, it does make a difference.   We have seen that since the #MeToo movement started more and more.  More and more over these past few weeks, stories came out helping  people understand how pervasive this is, how this kind of violence is  something women have been putting up with for ages, in silence,  unheard, seemingly inevitable, a wall placed in front of every girl and  woman in this country and how, as more and more people have so bravely  spoken up, cracks have begun to appear in that wall.   There are some cracks in how people see the world, people who may  have never understood before, who may have never seen the perspective  they are learning about more and more now, some cracks in how companies  and institutions need to respond, which may have never felt that  pressure before. There are some cracks in how men and boys are acting,  hearing more and more that this is not OK. It cannot be accepted. It  will not be accepted.   Cracks, cracks, and cracks, but clearly today we see the wall still  stands.   If Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, despite all of the outcry and all of  the work done, there will be a lot of people who are angry and hurt. I  will be one of them. There will be frustration. There will be tears. I  will be joining in them. But there will also be a sense that nothing we  can do matters; that if someone like Judge Kavanaugh can get a seat on  the Supreme Court, we should just give up; that we can't make a  difference, we can't matter. That, I will not be a part of.   Here is the message I want to send today: Change is not easy. It  never is. We cannot give up the fight, and we cannot be discouraged. My  vision, my fight, my passion is to live in a country where my  granddaughters can walk down the street, go to a party, live their  lives, not live in fear but be treated with respect.   I want to live in a country where my granddaughters can go into a job  interview and be judged based on what they can do, not on how they  look. I want to live in a country where you can succeed no matter where  you were born, what you looked like, or whom you love; if you work hard  and treat others right, where you don't have to go to prestigious  schools and know powerful people and make the best political  connections and go to the right parties. I want to live in a country  where if you do all of those things and know all of those people but  hurt others and treat people with disrespect, you will pay the price,  you will face the consequences.   Clearly, we are not there yet, but I do believe we are making  progress. We may not feel it every day, and today is a day when it is  hard, but I believe, and my message to everyone watching right now is,  don't give up; don't give in; don't think your voice doesn't matter.   When the Senate failed Anita Hill and confirmed Justice Thomas in  1981, I got mad. I decided to run for the Senate. I wouldn't let anyone  tell me I had no shot, and I won--and I see that story repeated over  and over. People get angry. They start talking about it. They organize  it, and sometimes they face their past, but they make a difference.  They put more cracks into that wall, but when I hear people give up  hope, when they tell me they are ending their fight because they think  what they do doesn't matter, I know I am hearing from someone who isn't  going to make a difference.   I think of a line I remind myself of all the time: If someone tells  you, you can't make a difference, it is usually because they are afraid  that you will. They are afraid that you will because it is true. They  are petrified because they do know your voice matters--whatever you may  think, whatever they may say.   So whatever happens today, I am going to get up tomorrow, and I am  going to keep fighting. I am going to keep fighting for the kind of  country I want to live in, for the country I want for my  granddaughters, for all of our granddaughters and all of our  grandsons--a country where someone like Dr. Ford is believed, where she  is not attacked; where someone like Judge Kavanaugh doesn't get rushed  to the highest Court in the land. I really hope everyone who stood up  and spoke out, who is motivated by Dr. Ford and so many others, I hope  you are all with me today, tomorrow, and for the fight ahead.   So I urge my colleagues to stand with us, to vote no today, and to  keep working with us tomorrow.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   