 Mr. President, I am here to lift up the voices of the  families I represent in the State of Washington who, like so many other  Americans, agree the internet should be free and open; who agree our  country should support small business owners and entrepreneurs and  students and middle-class families, not big corporations and special  interests; who agree that consumers, not broadband providers, should  get to pick the websites they visit or applications they use; who agree  the internet should be a level playing field that benefits end users  and not slanted by broadband providers blocking content or charging for  prioritized access.   That is why so many of us are on the floor today, to give a voice to  the vast majority of Americans who want the internet to remain a place  that fosters innovation, economic opportunity, robust consumer choice,  and the free flow of knowledge.   These things are not a luxury. They are what make American ingenuity  possible. As a former preschool teacher, I support net neutrality  because it helps the next generation of innovators--our students,  especially those in rural and low-income areas. Schools have worked  very hard to improve access to high-speed connectivity for all students  because they know, from early education through higher education, and  through workforce training, students need high-speed internet in order  to learn and get the skills they need. Their teachers need the internet  to collaborate with colleagues, access educational materials, help  students learn valuable research and internet safety skills, and expand  access to a high-quality education for students with disabilities and  English learners.   Rolling back net neutrality threatens that educational equity and  worsens the digital divide. So let's protect the free and open  internet, not just for today's consumers but for our students--the next  generation of American innovators. The choice could not be easier.  Either we stand with everyday Americans or with the massive  corporations that have found a new way to make more money off of them.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   