 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I join Chairman Frelinghuysen in strong support of this  bipartisan legislation. The Defense and Labor-HHS-Education bills carry  out some of Congress' most important constitutional responsibilities.  We should all be pleased that we have completed our work on these bills  on time.   This conference report provides ample resources for our armed  services and strengthens military readiness. It also upholds our  commitments to our servicemembers and their families, more funding to  repair Department of Defense schools, additional resources to assist  victims of military sexual assault, and more support for military  medical research.   Turning to the Labor-HHS-Education division, I am pleased that  Congress has resoundingly rejected President Trump's budget and  restored $10 billion in proposed cuts that would have hurt working  families. Instead, we have won increased funding for a number of  important priorities.   This bill boosts biomedical research at the National Institutes of  Health, expands opioid abuse treatment and prevention programs, and  launches new initiatives for maternal and child health.   The bill increases funding for Head Start, childcare, and after  school programs on which working families rely. It lifts the maximum  Pell grant to help more students access postsecondary education, and it  invests in the 21st century workforce with more support for registered  apprenticeships and career and technical education.   Finally, this bill stands up to President Trump's cruel family  separation policy, with more transparency and oversight of child and  family detention.   Just as important is what this bill does not include: the unnecessary  partisan riders that caused House Democrats to oppose the Labor-HHS- Education bill in the Appropriations Committee. And while it is  unfortunate that we have no choice but to include a continuing  resolution for many important Federal programs, I look forward to  completing our remaining appropriation bills when Congress returns in  November.   I appreciate the hard work of Chairman Frelinghuysen, Chairwoman  Granger, Chairman Cole, Ranking Member Visclosky, Ranking Member  DeLauro, and our Senate counterparts to get us to this point.   Of course, we appreciate our hardworking staff. We couldn't get to  this point without them.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill and sending  it to the President for him to sign.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Visclosky), the ranking member of the Defense  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the distinguished ranking  member of the Labor-HHS Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), the ranking member of the  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), the ranking member of  the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Cuellar), a member of the Appropriations  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Connolly).    Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), a senior member of the  Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time.   Mr. Speaker, should the President sign this package into law, three- quarters of all base discretionary spending will be enacted prior to  the start of the fiscal year. While Chairman Frelinghuysen and I would  have preferred to finish everything, we should be proud of the work  that we have done--all the members of the committees working together-- and it is a testament to the chairman's leadership.   For me, it has really been an honor and a privilege to work with him.  I know we have a little more work to do. But I thank him again for his  hard work and commitment to doing the right thing in serving the  American people.   I also thank the staff for their work, including Rebecca Leggieri,  Jennifer Chartrand, Stephen Steigleder, and Robin Juliano of the  minority staff, along with clerks Jennifer Miller, Susan Ross, and the  rest of the majority staff.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, I urge support, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   