 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to voice my  strong  [[Page S2416]]  opposition to Director Pompeo's nomination to be our next Secretary of  State.   This position is too important. The stakes are too high to let this  nominee slide by without full consideration of what it would mean for  Director Pompeo to be our Nation's top diplomat--the person whose every  word and action broadcasts America's values to the rest of the world.   Some of my opposition concerns Director Pompeo's harsh views on  matters of war and peace, and his blatantly false accusations regarding  members of the Muslim community. Some of my opposition surrounds my  deep concern about Director Pompeo's ability to stand strong against  President Trump's erratic and uninformed foreign policy positions.   But what I wanted to take a few minutes this afternoon to do is to  express my serious concern about what Director Pompeo's ideological,  extreme positions on women's rights and reproductive freedom would mean  for women across the world.   Our Nation has an important role to uphold as a global champion of  women's rights. We need a Secretary of State who will be a strong  advocate and continue our legacy of leadership in fighting for women's  health and reproductive freedom and the rights of women and girls  around the world. Instead, I am afraid Director Pompeo would undo much  of that legacy and undermine much of the global progress we have made.   An advocate for women doesn't repeatedly support the global gag rule,  which keeps funding from clinics and programs that provide women  important medical care. Director Pompeo did.   An advocate for women doesn't vote to defund the United Nations  Population Fund, which provides family planning services for women  around the world who live in poverty. Director Pompeo did.   When it comes to fighting for the survivors of rape and against those  who would use rape as a tool of war, it is clear we should stand by  survivors, fight for them, and work to make sure they have access to  the medical care they need. However, Director Pompeo has said he would  prevent women who have been raped from access to abortions. That is an  unacceptably cruel response to women and war survivors, and it is one  of the many clear indicators that Director Pompeo is an unacceptable  choice to serve as Secretary of State.   The Secretary of State is always a critically important position, but  it takes on even more important meaning in 2018. The President not only  needs good counsel in navigating our complex global relationships, but  he also desperately needs someone who can tell him when he is wrong and  who can stand up to him and be a check on this President's worse  impulses.   Throughout his nomination process, Director Pompeo failed to convince  me that he is that person. So I will be voting no on his nomination to  be Secretary of State. I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   