 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Ranking Member Gene  Green, for yielding me the time.  [[Page H10050]]    I rise in support of H.R. 7217, the IMPROVE Act, and I thank Chairman  Walden, Ranking Member Pallone, and Representatives Upton and Guthrie  for their leadership in negotiating this important bill and for  bringing it to the floor today.   I also thank and acknowledge my dear friend Joe Barton for all of his  leadership on the ACE Kids Act and congratulate him on his retirement.  Joe has been a great friend to John and me over the years, and he will  be dearly missed in the next Congress. Getting the IMPROVE Act signed  into the law by the end of the year will be a fitting tribute to his  decades of service in the Congress.   Ranking Member Green has also been critical to so many measures.  Texas has had two valuable public servants.   Improving long-term care has been one of my top priorities since  coming to Congress, and our system is completely broken. We need a  broader overhaul of long-term care financing, and we also need to build  off existing programs to make sure we are doing everything we can to  ensure that we are enhancing the opportunities for independent living  and supporting aging with dignity.   I am proud to have authored two important provisions in the IMPROVE  Act that extend critical programs that are about to expire.   The first is a 3-month extension of the Money Follows the Person  program. This very successful program provides grants to States to  cover transitional services for individuals who voluntarily wish to  leave a nursing home or other institution and transition to a community  care setting. Money Follows the Person is a win for both beneficiaries  and taxpayers, because the program has demonstrated significant savings  over the years while bringing a real benefit to people's lives.   I am also pleased that legislation I authored with the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Upton), my good friend, the Protecting Married Seniors  from Impoverishment Act, is also included in this bill. Extending  spousal impoverishment protections for seniors in Medicaid is just  common sense. Nobody should be forced to spend down all of their  resources and have to go bankrupt just to get the care they need.   But these are only partial victories. Both programs are extended for  3 months. This is enough to keep these important programs alive for  now, but all of us have a lot of work to do when we come back in the  new year.   Let me be clear: I will continue to fight for long-term extensions of  both programs in the next Congress, and I am confident that we can get  that done with the Democratic majority. These programs clearly have  bipartisan support, and they do so much good for so many people.   Once again, congratulations to my two dear friends from Texas for  their leadership. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this  bill.   