 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate so much Chairman Thompson's  leadership on this to provide just a wonderful, wonderful program to  help people have that onramp to opportunity. I also appreciate the  chairman's heart because I know in the meetings and the opportunities I  have had to have conversations with the gentleman how much he cares  about people, and he has provided that care to many people.   This is just a wonderful package. The chairman just mentioned that  community colleges are going to be involved in this. I just had one of  my community colleges in my office this afternoon. We were talking  about this very proposal. They are so excited about this because they  were emphasizing the point that so many of my colleagues  [[Page H3201]]  here tonight have made in that the businesses and the manufacturers in  my district and everywhere across this country cannot find enough  skilled, able people who can fill these jobs that are out there.   They were sharing that the salaries are really good--really good. As  I visit with some of the manufacturers, they say a welder can start at  $60,000 or a truck driver can start at $60,000 or $70,000. I was a  teacher. I went into education, and I have a bachelor's degree and then  went on to get a master's degree. When I was teaching, I never got near  close to that. So there is so much opportunity out there. There is such  a need.   That is why I am excited about the plan that we have here to help  expand the current program we have to give individuals the personalized  training that they need to be able to connect with the job.   It is a wonderful, wonderful opportunity. As has been said, as the  chairman said, there are 5.9 million jobs sitting there waiting for  individuals, yet we have people at home right now who want to fill  them, but they just don't have those skills. So we are going to provide  that.   I want to share a little bit about what we have done in Missouri so  far with this program. The SNAP employment and training in Missouri has  operated as a partnership between the University of Missouri Extension,  community colleges, and local job boards. MU Extension provides the  most extensive interactions with each applicant by providing a coach,  training, and wraparound services to support the individual in building  the skills necessary to fill open positions in Missouri. Those have  included and are including nursing, over-the-road trucking, warehouse  logistics and management, and welding, just to name a few. MU  Extension's niche component is coaching, helping those with the most  barriers like homelessness, lack of transportation, or having no high  school diploma to gain the necessary skills to fill the jobs in their  community.   MU Extension has focused their efforts on short-term certificate  programs or vocation programs to ensure success of those who may not  have been successful in the past and who face the greatest challenges  to education and employment. This intensive coaching led to a 96.6  percent graduation rate for those participants completing training last  year. Those individuals who secured employment report making annualized  salaries of between $20,800 and $93,600. Can you imagine going from  being on public assistance, having SNAP in order to be able to feed  your family, going through this program, and getting a job at $96,000 a  year? That is exciting. People are excited about this.   Recently, I had the opportunity to sit down with one of the  participants of this program. His name is Joe. After spending 10 years  in prison, Joe knew he needed a new start. He signed up for an HVAC  program using the SNAP employment and training funding. Joe, today, is  working full time, and he gets great reviews from his employer. He no  longer needs any Federal benefits, and he has the confidence and skills  needed to be a productive member of society.   So this bill, the 2018 farm bill, provides this unique opportunity to  expand funding for these life-changing programs to ensure all SNAP  recipients have access to education and training resources. Not just  some, all of them will have access to this training so that they can  secure employment.   A major increase in the SNAP employment and training funding will  provide States with the vital resources to help their residents break  the cycle of poverty.   Smart, commonsense reforms can produce great results like the story I  told about Joe, and it can break the cycle of poverty. SNAP employment  training currently being implemented across Missouri now can be  expanded everywhere. So by supporting this enhanced employment training  program, we are augmenting someone's future by supporting them in  achieving their goals.    Jobs are available, the need is great, and the time for action is  now. Let's help families make their dreams of self-sufficiency a  reality.    He is a great guy.   