 I want to thank my colleague from Maryland for  yielding to me so I might speak on an issue that is very important to  all of us.   I want to speak on behalf of the 43 million people who are SNAP  recipients, many of whom are working each and every day. I want to talk  about the fact that those are individuals whom we consider working  poor. Mr. Raskin mentioned that SNAP was a reflection of something.  SNAP is a reflection of the fact that we have so many jobs that don't  pay adequate wages. SNAP is a reflection of the raw deal that our  citizens are getting under an administration that would choose to give  trillions of dollars worth of money to those people who are already  rich, asking nothing in return for that horrible tax scam, and, at the  same time, asking those at the lowest income spectrum in the entire  United States of America to work so that they can be supplemented with  meals that are $1.40 a meal.   That is hypocrisy. That is disgusting. We should not even be having a  discussion about whether or not we should be eliminating, reducing, or  changing a SNAP benefit. We should make sure that there is adequacy for  every child and every family to not go hungry in this country; and, at  the same time, we should be looking at giving our citizens who have had  a really raw deal over these last couple of years a better deal, a  better deal with better wages that we would like to proffer so that  individuals wouldn't have to work and get supplemental food assistance  as well.   Better jobs. Better skills. Better opportunities.   I am going to close very shortly on this. I was at a hearing today on  the issue of SNAP and what we were planning to do with SNAP and what  were the recommendations for the SNAP program. And I heard from my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle some very disgusting  insinuations or accusations about people who were on SNAP who were  perhaps sitting on their porch drinking a cup of coffee or whatever.  And the assumption was that that person was sitting on his duff as  opposed to out there working, and he was a recipient of SNAP. You know  nothing about that person's situation. But that person probably was a  member of the minority class.   And we talk about getting a job. Well, I said to those people who  came and testified today at our hearing: You have come here with some  Pollyanna idea that this country is a country of equality. Well, it may  have been working towards equality, but we are experiencing a period  right now where we have the greatest sense of inequality we have had in  decades, in hundreds of years.    We are underemployed. We are unemployed. The people who are working  every day for wages to bring home are the ones who are paying for every  tax break that is given to the 1 percent in this country. You can give  millions and millions of dollars in the State of New Jersey even to the  wealthiest 1 percent and ask nothing in return. If you are an  individual, you are asked nothing in return. If you are a corporation,  you are not even asked to create a job, a training opportunity, or to  increase wages.   Do not talk to me about those people who are on SNAP and what they  should be doing. Talk to me about what America should be doing for all  of its people, because we are all members of the human race. Some of us  just weren't born rich. Some of us just don't have the opportunity to  go around with a silver spoon in our mouth.   This Congress should be ashamed of itself for not taking care of the  needs of those who simply need government to recognize that it  represents everybody, not just the very wealthy. I thank Mr. Raskin for  the opportunity.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Raskin for raising that  issue. I think that that is one of the most prominent issues that  people of this country need to understand.   Government has a significant role. That role is to protect the  opportunities, rights, and privileges of all people, to create the  level playing field. What we have experienced in this administration,  in this Republican-controlled Congress, is that we care not. We  prioritize the value of human beings based upon how much money they are  worth or how much money they can get.   So we are taking resources that should not be taken out of our  treasury; we are then giving them in heaps and piles to the very, very  wealthy; and then we are talking about deficits that are being created  and how we need to make up those deficits. And how do we look to do  that? Well, we look to do things like reduce the benefits of Medicaid,  mess with Social Security, take away SNAP from people who need  supplemental nutritional assistance.   We talk about this America not being one America anymore. This is an  America of the haves and the have-nots. Never have we seen this  tremendous diversity or disparity between the very, very, very wealthy  and those who are struggling.   And those who are struggling get this. My colleagues think of poor  people as lazy people who are not doing what they can do. We are poor  people in this country--hungry, homeless people--because of our  policies, because of our budget, which is the greatest reflection of  our priorities and our values. Our values are askew right now, and we  need to make sure that we are looking after that responsibility for  which we were elected.    Mr. Speaker, I think that it isn't so much a  theory of survival as it is the possibility of not surviving at all. I  think that we are finding ourselves in a situation right now where  those who have less have the rawest deal they have had in a very long  time. And I am proud to associate myself with my Democratic colleagues  in this caucus who want a better deal for those people.   We want wages that you can live off of, that you don't have to rely  upon assistance from anyone in order to be able to put food on your  table, put a roof over your head or heat in your home. We want to make  sure that everybody has an opportunity to learn and to have a good job.  So we want to see investment in jobs, in training, in apprenticeships,  in opportunities to do better.   We could do better with an infrastructure program that not only makes  sense because we have a crumbling infrastructure on so many levels, but  it also generates jobs. Generates jobs, which generates good incomes.  Good incomes generate a desire to purchase. Desire to purchase helps to  build our small businesses. We are looking in the wrong places, and we  need to look at where we can grow our economy.    Our economy doesn't grow when we just simply continue to enrich the  rich to be richer and richer and richest and to put that money overseas  somewhere or anyplace that they want to put it but not to invest it in  this country, in this economy. We need a better chance for everyone. We  need a better deal for all of our citizens.   