 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership.  I also thank all of my colleagues on the committee and all of those who  have participated in this process on this bill and this resolution.   I rise in support of both the bill and the resolution.   We know sexual harassment is about power--a misuse of power that  impacts careers, lives, and self-esteem. We know most women do not come  forward and disclose sexual harassment. We know, often, they leave  their desired careers because of that.   We have seen it in all industries: predators such as Harvey Weinstein  in Hollywood; Matt Lauer, Roger Ailes, Charlie Rose in the media; John  Conyers and Trent Franks in our own body.   So it is so important that this legislation, this historic step, is  fundamentally changing that balance of power by creating an office for  the victims, the Office of Employee Advocacy. This is the single most  important thing in this legislation to restore that balance of power  that has been misused by those in power.   When I spoke to Dorena Bertussi, who, 30 years ago, was sexually  harassed in this body by Congressman Jim Bates from California, she  didn't have an office to go to. She didn't even have one that wasn't  very good. So now, 30 years later, we are writing this.   We now have transparency. People can't hide behind the process  anymore. The Members' names will be known. Taxpayers will not be on the  hook for any of this. The offender themselves will have to pay. We have  all types of methods in here to get that money because we want to make  sure the victim is made whole.   I appreciate we have also adopted some of the DeSantis provisions to  get a full accounting of past cases so we know the amounts and we know  exactly what happened. And I am still concerned about those Members who  may have used their MRAs, their Member allowances, in an inappropriate  way. That is corrected in this bill and is no longer allowed.   Also, we have made it clear that there are no relationships with  subordinates. I do want to mention that I still do believe, despite-- this is a great bill and I heartily support it and so appreciate all  the hard work that the staff and everyone has done, but I still do  believe we need to disclose the past names that are still unknown. Some  of those names have come forward because of the press, because of  victims speaking out.   We need to let the victims know that they can speak out from the  past. If they want to speak out, they can; that this body is not going  to be using any of our resources to stop a victim from the past from  speaking out.    I also do think we still need to disclose all of those names going  forward so that we have full accountability, because part of that  misuse of power is that they can continue to know they won't be held  accountable, and the victims see that. So we need to have a strong  message that there is nobody in this body that would ever be allowed to  go forward without being held accountable.   I encourage all of my colleagues to support this resolution and this  important legislation.   