 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the Members of this  body to concur with the Senate amendment to my bill, the Project Safe  Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2018, so that we may  send this bill to the President for his signature.   I appreciate all the work that Chairman Goodlatte and the committee  has done and the bipartisan nature in which they have worked with us,  as well as the administration and the Attorney General.   This bill will help address the problem of the rise of violence from  gangs like MS-13 that have threatened my area in Northern Virginia, as  well as the entire Washington metropolitan region and other places such  as Long Island, Houston, and Los Angeles. MS-13 is actually active in  40 States and the District of Columbia, and their goal is to grow.   Gangs like MS-13 have branched into human trafficking as well as  drugs and, of course, their murderous rampages. In Virginia, we  actually, several years ago, increased the penalties on any of these  gang members involved with human trafficking, so we know we constantly  need to change how we address these gangs.   Now, let's just look at some of the recent headlines in The  Washington Post, our local paper, which they have actually covered the  violence, the murders, the trials and more of the approximately over 30  killings over the past several years, and that is the number according  to the gang task force.   Here are some of the headlines:   ``MS-13 Is `Taking Over the School,' One Teen Warned Before She Was  Killed.''   ``He Was Flashing Gang Signs on Facebook. It Got Him Killed by MS- 13.''   ``Heinous and Violent: MS-13's Appeal to Girls Grows as Gang Become  Americanized.''   And finally, one: ``She Told the Girl She'd See Her in Hell Before  Stabbing Her. Now She's Guilty of an MS-13 Murder.''   That particular murder was detailed about a young woman, Damaris  Reyes Rivas, and her body was found here, this highway, which is just  in Springfield, in Virginia, about a dozen, a little over a dozen miles  here from the Capitol. You can see the MS-13 gang signs here, and that  is where they left her body.   At age 12, Damaris was brought to the U.S. by her mom to escape gangs  in El Salvador. By 15, she was dead, killed by those very gangs,  numerous gang members, who then sent a video of her killing back to El  Salvador because that is one of their goals, to show what they have  done here.   Just to give you a little detail on this, Fairfax County  Commonwealth's Attorney Ray Morrogh played the videos in court, saying  he wanted to make clear for the judge the depravity involved in the  horrific murder of the high school girl. Her mother was in the  courtroom.   The prosecutor said: ``Some kids are prodigies at the violin, and  some kids are prodigies at violence. This is a prodigy at violence.''   The first video shows Damaris in the Springfield, Virginia, woods,  being interrogated by the gang members, numerous gang members, all of  whom were between the ages of 15 and 21. They shout at her as she gets  up from the snow-dusted ground.   At one point, they clicked a cigar cutter, threatening her that she  could lose a finger. They made her take off her shoes and her shirt so  she could feel how cold it was. They were interrogating her about a  previous MS-13 murder.   People were wielding knives, and they could hear, ``Just stick the  steel in her,'' another one was telling them. They took her away to  another area, then they took her back into the woods, forcing her to  crawl through a 3-foot tunnel covered in MS-13 graffiti. Then they  brutally murdered her, and they left her body, and then they came back  that night to take the video of the murder to be able to send it back.   As the prosecutor explained, those videos were taken so some of the  MS-13 members could send it back to El Salvador to earn a promotion  within the gang, which requires violence to move up the ranks.   Now, these are The Washington Post stories, I should add, and they  also have written stories about how gangs are a problem in our jails.  This is in Maryland.   It says: `` `Our incidents every month are predominantly MS-13,' said  a jail investigator speaking on the condition of anonymity for his  safety. `They are vying for the control of our jails.' ''   So there is violence going on in our jails as a result of this also.   We had another victim, Carlos Otero Hernriquez, in Leesburg,  Virginia. His body was dumped in a quarry in West Virginia after a  brutal murder. The acting U.S. attorney for the eastern district of  Virginia said of the killing: ``The hallmark of MS-13 is extreme  violence. . . . This brutal kidnapping and murder is a tragic reminder  of the impact MS-13 has on communities here in Northern Virginia.''   MS-13 gangs prey on their own community, as the example of this young  woman.   Last summer, I went on a ride-along with the Northern Virginia  Regional Gang Task Force, which is comprised of 13 local, State, and  Federal law enforcement agencies working together. They are going to  be--they should be--some of the beneficiaries of the bill here today.   I do want to assure everyone, they work very carefully with the  community. What they do is--their projects are to educate, to prevent,  to work with the children in schools. They have Spanish-speaking  members of the task force so they can make sure they are working with  the kids to keep them safe.   In one case, they had an MS-13 member who was trying to recruit his  brother to join the gang, and then when his brother would not join the  gang, they put a hit out on the brother. Fortunately, the gang task  force was able to intervene, protect that brother, sort of a Cai and  Abel type of situation. Abel was protected. Cain, we were able to have  the task force deal with him.    But what I saw in working with the Task Force is their need for more  technology, their need for resources. Whenever I talk to them, they  talk about how they need to be out in the schools, at the fairs.   At one local fair in Herndon, actually, I believe it was in Mr.  Connolly's district, the task force told me, at a Labor Day fair, they  identified up to about 200 suspected gang members, just in there,  weaving about among the children.   So when we went on the ride-along with them, in one night, they  picked up four suspected gang members. One of them turned out to be  somebody who, at 16 years old, had committed murder in El Salvador; and  then he had already been deported from the country twice and was now  back on Sterling Boulevard in Sterling, Virginia, about 25 miles or so  from the Capitol. There he was, on a Friday evening, as children and  everyone else were playing around. He was covered with gang signs when  he lifted up his shirt.   One of the tools that our gang task force needs more of is a little  device that looks a lot like an iPad where, when you put the  fingerprint of that gang member on the pad, his record then came up and  we could see the entire record, and the gang task force members knew  who they were dealing with.   So it is clear that the resurgence of MS-13 is a multifaceted problem  that needs a multifaceted solution, incorporating efforts from all  levels of government, law enforcement, and communities. Passing the  Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Authorization Act of 2018 today, which  the Senate has now already passed, will really get us back on the path  to getting the resources that they previously had in our local task  force.   They called us today to let us know they aren't even getting the  money that they used to get. Unfortunately, this was State money that  they used to get that they aren't getting anymore that the State  attorney general's office used to provide them, and now they  [[Page H4797]]  aren't getting it. So this is needed more than ever in regions like  ours.   I know the gentlewoman in Houston, they have problems there, too, and  the beauty of this program is they work with those communities that are  being targeted. They work with those children. They protect them. They  become their friends. But they also get the MS-13 gang members out.   Now, we do have another bill that I know the chairman worked with us  to get out, which would make sure that we don't have MS-13 gang members  able to get in the country in the first place; and if they are here, we  can remove them more quickly. That still needs to get through Senate  passage also.   But I am pleased that now, today, we have been able to make sure that  we don't see this proliferating in our communities, this kind of gang  activity, and to see these gang signs as we are driving home from work,  going to a soccer game, you know, going to see our kids, and seeing  that this is going on in our communities. This is something that cannot  be happening in our communities.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  important legislation to protect our communities and combat gang  violence and provide more safe neighborhoods.    Mr. Speaker, I think when I was speaking about the  ride along that I did with the Northern Virginia Regional Gang Task  Force, someone said they thought they heard me say they had picked up  14 in one night. I just wanted to clarify. If it sounded like 14, I  meant to say 4. So it was four in one night. Nevertheless, it goes to  the problem of right in our communities there were four people there  that they were able to pick up.   