 Thank you, Madam President.   I thank my friend and colleague, the Senator from Maine. It is always  such a pleasure to work with her on legislation because she is a  Senator who does her homework. Don't ever try to get one by Susan  Collins. She knows what she is talking about, and if she is not sure of  it, she takes the time she needs to try to find the right way forward.   What we are trying to do is, is to reassure the American people that  we are on their side. The frustration out there is so high right now  with what is going on with the cost of prescription drugs.  [[Page S6172]]  When people find out there is actually a pharmacist who is legally  prohibited from telling them that you can pay 8 bucks if you just want  to pay for it, but you will pay 20 bucks if you use your insurance  plan--that is real money. That matters to Missourians.   We know the data shows that in 2013 alone, Americans paid about $135  million more than they should have. Why? Where is that money going? Who  is making that money and why? We need to get a better deal for people.   We have so many problems with prescription drugs. This is just the  tip of the iceberg in terms of the work this body needs to do to bring  down prescription drug prices. This is low-hanging fruit. The notion  that we can just simply say: Pharmacists, you have the right to tell  your customers they can get it cheaper, that is all we are doing. We  are saying: Pharmacists, you have the right to tell your customers they  can get it more cheaply. That is why the Lee amendment is so perplexing  to me. Why would you want to leave 85 million people behind?   I get the ideology about regulation, but sometimes common sense needs  to scoot all the ideology out of this place, and we need to just look  at the barebones issue of how we save people money on prescription  drugs. That is what this bill will accomplish.   Today was a big day for me. A bill that I am the Democratic cosponsor  of, the President of the United States tweeted he supported it. Yowza.  That is a big deal for me. I am thrilled the President of the United  States tweeted this afternoon that he supports this legislation. It  shows you not all is lost in this town. Every once in a while, we can  get together.   I see my friend Senator Barrasso over there. He is a cosponsor on  this bill with Senator Kennedy. It is really exciting to me when we  have one of these moments where the administration agrees, Secretary  Azar agrees, Republicans agree, and Democrats agree. If we can do this  more often, maybe the people in this country will renew their faith in  us as a body.   I am thrilled we are going to have a chance to get this done. I hope  the body listens to the arguments my colleague made about the Lee  amendment and how misguided it is in leaving so many Americans behind  in terms of these cost savings.   While I am on the floor, I would also like to just briefly mention  another vote that I think is important. I am very glad we are expanding  grants for first responder training, opioid prevention, and all the  other important things we are doing in this bill, but I am truly  disappointed that it doesn't include a commonsense proposal that I  worked with Senator Cassidy on that would provide more transparency on  those who are lobbying on opioid-related issues.   My office did an investigation through the Homeland Security and  Government Affairs Committee, where we discovered there are all these  advocacy organizations out there, such as the American Academy of Pain  Management and others, that are deriving a lot of their budget from the  opioid manufacturers. The opioid manufacturers are giving money to  organizations, and, in many instances, they are just fronts for  lobbying on behalf of opioids.   For example, we know that over $9 million was given to these  organizations, with half of that coming from Purdue, the biggest  manufacturer of OxyContin. I am not saying we should prohibit them from  doing that, but people ought to know it. We ought to make it  transparent. That is all the bill does. It just makes payments by  opioid manufacturers to organizations that are 501(c)(3)s or 501(c)(4)s  and requires them to just say the opioid manufacturers are behind their  budget.   One of these groups actually lobbied CDC about not lowering the  recommended dosage of opioids. Another one entered a brief in a case  arguing that a doctor shouldn't be convicted, when he was prescribing  thousands of pills a day, for moving controlled substances.   Transparency is always a good thing. I am disappointed and frankly  confused as to why some of the Members on the other side didn't want to  include this proposal in this package.   I certainly want to thank Senator Cassidy for his help. We tried very  hard to get it in the bill. I hope it is not because Big Pharma has a  vice grip on this place. I have seen it before, and it worries me that  this might be the case.   There is irony in this. Not only is that provision not included but  guess what is included. There is a provision in the bill that  authorizes Federal money to one of these advocacy groups. Guess what.  It is an advocacy group funded by pharma.   I think it is ironic that we are more comfortable giving Federal  money to one of these groups that can serve as a front organization for  the opioid manufacturers that helped create this crisis than we are in  requiring disclosure of the private funding for these groups. I am  hopeful we can either get the bill in conference or, more importantly,  get that other provision out.   By the way, if we are going to allow Federal grant funding to these  organizations, it should be all of them on a competitive basis, on  merit, not name one that gets the money. There is something up there.  There is something up there when you just name one that gets the money.  I have learned that around this place.   I hope the bill passes today.   I am honored to work with Senator Collins on this important  prohibition on the gag rule. It will save Missourians money. It  matters.   I yield the floor.   