 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Mr. Garamendi, for  yielding.   I welcome Congressman Garamendi back. Wouldn't I know he would be on  the floor the very first moments we get back here. How fortunate the  citizens of California are to have elected him.   I am very proud to stand with the gentleman this evening for A Better  Deal for the American people. And because it has been Labor Day week  and we are celebrating Labor Day this week, I thought it important to  link my remarks to his, and I will be very brief.   As we celebrated Labor Day this week, we recall that it actually was  declared Labor Day by a Republican president back in the 1890s. So this  is an historic moment by any measure, but this past weekend, the  President and Republican congressional leaders in this chamber chose to  criticize, to vilify labor unions and their leaders, while the  Republicans have failed to deliver on a living wage for America's  workers.   Wages are stuck, while many in the top 1 percent get very handsome  bonuses and pay increases. And the Trump administration is actually  increasing, and the record shows, job outsourcing, shipping out our  jobs, by doling out, get ready for this, $50 billion in new Federal  contracts to companies that continue to close down factories here and  move them abroad.   In fact, the President's trade antics can't hide the fact that with  China--I remember how China feted him--can't hide the fact that China  is drowning us in imports and we can't move an equal amount into that  vast marketplace.   The President actually tried to say he is renegotiating NAFTA, but it  is funny that in that proposed agreement, he does end runs around the  labor standards and living wage issues.   More than 133,000 Americans have a certified trade-related job loss  since this President took office, 133,000 people, and only 4 percent of  the workers Congressman Garamendi talked about will receive an increase  from the GOP's big tax giveaway to the top 1 percent.   So for most Americans, real wages are falling and the middle class is  a dream for tens of millions of people who can't seem to get there. Any  pay raise people have earned is, in fact, now being eaten up, and I  heard this at my meetings all across the district, as their costs of  healthcare go up, the cost of medicine goes up, the cost of education  for their family goes up.   President Trump on Labor Day weekend announced that he is going to  cancel pay raises for 2 million Federal workers, people who work in  Homeland Security, people in our air control towers, people who are  caring for the sick, people who are ministering to our veterans. How  about that: cancel any cost of living.   The pay increase is actually a cost-of-living increase. And for those  that work in the capital city areas across our country, we know how  expensive it is to live in these places.   Americans' labor history shaped the American economic dream and grew  the middle class, which is what you and I want to get back to. And  following our 124th national Labor Day, the power and worth of hard  work is worth fighting for, it is an earned status, and we must never  diminish the value of hard work or, in fact, we will lose its value  completely.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman Garamendi for being here  tonight. Americans deserve a Congress and a President that gives them A  Better Deal and stands up for the true value of hard work for the  people, always for the people, especially when Labor Day has been  celebrated for the 124th time in our Nation's history, over a century  and nearly a quarter.   