 Mr. President, over the past weeks, we have been reminded  yet again why it is so hard for survivors of sexual assault to come  forward. For far too long, women who bravely share their stories of  sexual assault have been attacked, diminished, and marginalized, and I  am sad to say that includes by some of my fellow Senators.   In some respects, we have seen remarkable progress since the ``me  too.'' movement began roughly 1 year ago. More women have felt  empowered and supported to speak out, and our society has begun to  grapple with the horrific and widespread prevalence of sexual  harassment and assault, especially in the workplace.   But, sadly, these past weeks have been a reminder that in many ways  we are still stuck in 1991; 1991, of course, was when Anita Hill  courageously testified before the Senate, sharing allegations of sexual  harassment by then-nominee to the Supreme Court Clarence Thomas. Women  and men across the country watched in horror as Dr. Hill was attacked  and disrespected by the men of the Senate Judiciary Committee.   Yet, here we are, 27 years later, and Senate Republican leadership  has made clear that they will do everything they can to ram Judge  Kavanaugh's nomination through. They have come up with a process that  is even worse, even more disrespectful and disheartening to survivors  than the one we saw in 1991.   In 1991, the FBI investigated allegations of sexual assault against  Mr. Thomas. The hearings stretched on for multiple days, and some  corroborating witnesses were allowed to testify.   In 2018, Republican leadership has indicated that none of those  things will be allowed to happen--none of them. They have simply  scheduled a check-the-box hearing, rejecting calls to ask the FBI to  reopen its background investigation, refusing to allow other witnesses  or evidence to be heard, and limiting the questioning from Senators.   Lawyers for Dr. Ford announced that they have submitted sworn  affidavits to the Senate Judiciary Committee from four individuals whom  she shared these allegations with well before President Trump nominated  Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. Yet, incredibly, not a single one  of these corroborating witnesses will be called to testify before the  committee, nor will the witness that Dr. Ford alleges was in the room  while she was assaulted, and the FBI will not be asked to speak with  these or any other witnesses either.   This process isn't a serious attempt to get to the truth. It is a  complete sham, and some of my colleagues are hardly even trying to hide  the fact that this is not a serious investigation, as they pledge that  these credible allegations will not stop Judge Kavanaugh's nomination.   Some of my colleagues have complained about how unfair it is to Judge  Kavanaugh that these women have dared to come forward, and they have  shown little sympathy for the attacks these women are facing or  interest in the corroboration they are willing to offer. They have  ignored the real questions about Judge Kavanaugh's credibility and  truthfulness and his blatant disrespect for women.   Make no mistake. In 2018, survivors are still not being taken  seriously, and that is despite the extraordinary prevalence of sexual  assault, which is hard to even quantify, given that an estimated two  out of three sexual assaults go unreported.   It is simply unacceptable that survivors are still not being listened  to and taken seriously.   To President Trump and Republican leadership, I say: We will not  stand for these attempts to silence women and shove them back into the  dark. These allegations of sexual assault are extremely serious, and  they are credible. The way that these survivors have been attacked is  disgusting.   Yet even before we were aware of these allegations, it was clear that  Judge Kavanaugh should not serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. I watched  Judge Kavanaugh's responses to my colleagues during his initial  nomination hearings. I examined his judicial writings and past public  statements. I reviewed the limited number of documents that Republicans  shared about Judge Kavanaugh's time working in the White House. What  the totality of this record makes abundantly clear is that on issue  after issue, Judge Kavanaugh has promoted a judicial philosophy that  diminishes the rights of individuals, particularly women and people of  color, puts corporations before people, and promotes a partisan  rightwing ideology at odds with the will of the American people.   But in addition to a record and an outlook that is disqualifying,  there is Judge Kavanaugh's lack of credibility. Even in his initial  hearings, Judge Kavanaugh raised serious questions about his  credibility amid a lack of truthfulness on a range of issues stretching  back to his time with the Starr investigation and his work in the Bush  administration--questions about his credibility that have only been  reinforced by his response to the multiple allegations of sexual  assault he is now facing, as evidenced by those who knew him coming  forward to dispute his statements.   The eyes of the country and the world are upon us, and I fear what  they will see in the coming days. It is not too late for the Senate to  pause this sham process and make clear that this body listens to  survivors and takes their experiences and their pain seriously.  However, if the Senate continues on its present course, it will be an  abject failure by this body that will not soon be forgotten.   I yield the floor.   