 Mr. Speaker, if today's vote on the previous question  fails, we have the opportunity to vote on my amendment, the Jobs, Not  Waste amendment, a proactive and innovative proposal to turn Yucca  Mountain into something useful, a project that would create jobs  without threatening the health and safety of Nevadans and other  Americans across this country.   My amendment would prohibit the Department of Energy from moving  forward with its current plan to ship nuclear waste by truck and rail  through 329 congressional districts to Yucca Mountain until the Federal  Government considers a number of other job-creating alternatives,  including defense activities, like a command facility for unmanned  aircraft systems, scientific research, the development of a secure  electronic data center, or renewable energy generation.    One of the arguments I regularly hear from proponents of Yucca  Mountain is that it will create jobs and that we have already invested  billions in building a repository at this sight. Well, I am here to say  that we can still create jobs without having to take on monumental  health and safety risks that come with transporting over 100,000 metric  tons of hazardous and lethal nuclear waste.   Congress should have the opportunity to vote on my amendment because  it would give Members a chance to find a smart, strategic solution that  repurposes this dangerous and costly project. This amendment gives us  an opportunity to convert Yucca Mountain into a facility that could  still provide economic opportunity, drive innovation, and create new,  good-paying jobs.   Relaunching the failed Yucca Mountain nuclear waste storing  experiment will also cost the taxpayers an additional $80 billion to  complete, minimum. Let me repeat that: $80 billion, minimum.   Instead of spending billions more of hard-earned taxpayer dollars on  the project that is destined to fail, that will inevitably put Nevada  families and your families in your districts at risk, let us consider  these forward-thinking opportunities.   I strongly urge you to do what is smart and fiscally responsible,  what is right for the health and safety of all of our constituents, by  making my amendment in order. I therefore ask all Members to vote  ``no'' on the previous question.   