 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Barton for his  leadership on this.   I am so excited that we are here today to celebrate this. I have  spent months of my life in a NICU for my own medically complex child,  and I have stood bedside-to-bedside with many a family as they have  faced the reality of having a sick kid and they have hit hard economic  times. I can put too many faces and names to the reality that little  kiddos often can't get the care they need, and today we are taking a  step to fix it. I am so excited about this.   One in 25 children in the U.S. is medically complex. That means they  have diagnoses like cancer or end-stage renal disease or congenital  heart disease or other diagnoses that require consistent critical  medical care. They need the expertise.   Out of those 3 million medically complex kiddos, 2 million of them  rely on Medicaid, which means what we do with Medicaid significantly  impacts them.   They are also less expensive than the other folks on Medicaid, so we  can go a long way to make sure of getting them care.   So in order to enhance the critical care for these 2 million kiddos,  the ACE Kids Act would create networks, anchored by children's  hospitals, to help coordinate care, allowing families to seamlessly  pursue the best doctors and facilities, even if it takes them out of  State, and that is the key.   Right now under Medicaid, you can get stuck in your ZIP Code. So  maybe there is a specialist for your child's rare disease in another  State. Well, if you are on Medicaid, you are limited.   We are breaking open that limitation today to allow those kiddos to  cross State lines and pursue the best doctors regardless of where they  are. This just makes sense.   Here is the great thing: the efficiency and the better coordination  is going to improve outcomes, number one, that is the best thing. But  the next best thing is this is even going to save money, because we are  not going to build that expertise in every single community, we are  going to get those kids where they need to go.   It is really going to cut down on duplication and it is going to  increase efficiency and it is going to be the right thing. So this is a  win-win proposition. I am so excited about this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''  [[Page H10052]]    And, again, Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and Ms. Castor for  their leadership here.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Burgess for his  tireless commitment on this issue. It is not just the gentleman's  career, but it has been something that the gentleman has fought for  here in Congress as well, and I am very grateful to be standing here  today. I also want to thank my co-conspirator, Diana DeGette, for her  work on this bipartisan legislation that has more than 180 cosponsors.   So why is this bill important to you, Mr. Speaker, or to those who  are listening? Well, you either are a mom or you have got a mom. This  bill impacts you.   I stand in strong support of the Preventing Maternal Deaths Act, a  bill to save mothers' lives and prevent more parents, husbands,  grandparents, and children from the profound loss of their mother.   Today in the 21st century United States of America, the U.S. is  ranked fourth globally for maternal mortality. Many are shocked to  learn that the  [[Page H10061]]  U.S. not only has the worst maternal mortality rate in the entire  developed world, but that these rates are on the rise. Seriously, Mr.  Speaker, we are worse than Iran.   Every year, between 700 and 900 maternal deaths occur in the United  States, and I have seen tears brought to the eyes of many a colleague  when they learn that more than 60 percent of these deaths could have  been prevented, according to the CDC. It is difficult to imagine the  grief felt by these families when a life is cut short and they learn  that it could have been prevented.   As a mom, as an American, and as a lawmaker, we must do better.  Combating maternal mortality must become a national priority, which is  why I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The Preventing Maternal  Deaths Act represents the biggest step taken by Congress to date on  this issue. It would enable States to establish and strengthen maternal  mortality review committees, which bring together experts in public  health, in maternal health, and in infant health to investigate each  and every pregnancy-related death to understand what went wrong and how  to save future mothers' lives.   Currently, the available data is woefully inadequate, which hinders  our ability to understand why moms are dying and why certain women are  more at risk. Right now, African American women are three to four times  more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes, and women living in  rural areas are also facing higher risk. This bill will not only  improve data collection, but it will empower States to participate in  national information sharing, increase collaboration, and develop best  practices.   In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to dedicate this bill to the  mothers whom we have lost, moms like Kira Johnson who lost her life  just hours after giving birth to a healthy baby boy.   I will never forget hearing from Kira's husband, Charles, who has  been a tireless advocate on this issue. He is a single father of two  boys and now lives by the motto: ``Wake up, make mommy proud, repeat.''   Stories like Kira's have struck at the hearts of many of us and have  compelled us to action today. Today, we honor the lives of these moms  and the loved ones who remember them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the Preventing  Maternal Deaths Act.   