 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, it is time for the Senate to do its job as  a separate branch of government.   This week, we can come together on a bipartisan basis to resolve the  crisis Donald Trump created when he canceled DACA. We can provide  hundreds of thousands of young people in our country their shot at  pursuing the American dream without fear of deportation. Right now,  these young people who were brought to this country as children are  terrified they will be separated from their families and the lives they  have built here, in the only country they know and love.   I have met and spoken with so many Dreamers in the Halls of Congress  these past months. Their focus, determination, and commitment in this  fight continues to be extraordinary and inspiring. Each Dreamer has a  different story to tell, but they all share a profoundly simple  aspiration--to live, work, and study in the only country they have ever  called home.   When you sit and listen to their stories, it is not difficult to  understand why between 80 and 90 percent of Americans support  protecting these Dreamers--people like Karen, Maleni, and Beatrice, who  can attend the University of Hawaii because of DACA; people like  Victor, from Houston, who aspires to become a counselor for LGBTQ youth  like him; and people like Getsi, from Oregon, who works three jobs so  she can pursue her dream of becoming a nurse practitioner to care for  our seniors. These inspiring young people don't need to hear any more  promises. They need Members of Congress to put their votes where their  mouths have been and do the right thing.   Like many of my colleagues, I strongly support passing a clean Dream  Act--legislation that already has bipartisan support--but it is  critical that we get to the 60 votes we need to pass a bill. I am open  to discussing different provisions, including some funding for border  security to help us get there. We can and should have a debate on  comprehensive immigration reform but only after we pass legislation  this week to protect the Dreamers. We cannot and should not use this  debate to provide cover for efforts to dismantle the family-based  immigration system or to make massive cuts to legal immigration.   The President and a number of colleagues have made it clear they  would like to eliminate family-based immigration in favor of a system  that is designed only to recruit immigrants with advanced degrees and  specialized skills. It is important for the United States to recruit  highly skilled immigrants, and we have a number of immigration programs  that are designed specifically for this purpose, but when you restrict  immigration only to people with highly specialized skills or advanced  degrees, you lose out on a lot of human potential that has historically  contributed so much to our country. We don't have to look far back into  history to prove why this statement is true.   Over the past week, the Olympics has captured the excitement and  imagination of people across the country--in fact, the world. Many of  the people we have been cheering for are either the children of  immigrants or are immigrants themselves.   Over the weekend, we saw Mirai Nagasu, whose parents emigrated from  Japan, become the first American woman to land a triple axel in the  Olympics during her appearance in the team figure skating competition.  Yesterday, we saw Maame Biney, who immigrated to the United States from  Ghana, take to the ice to compete in the short track speed skating.   Two nights ago, I watched Chloe Kim throw down a near perfect score  in the women's snowboard halfpipe to win the Olympic Gold Medal. After  completing her history-making run, the cameras panned to her father  Jong Jin Kim, who proudly waved his ``Go Chloe'' sign in the audience.   Jong arrived in California in 1982 with $800 in his pocket. He worked  for years at minimum wage jobs to save for college. While studying at  El Camino College, he worked as a heavy machinery operator at night.  Jong encouraged Chloe to begin snowboarding when she was 4. They would  jump off the lifts together, but because he didn't know how to  snowboard, they would tumble to the ground. Jong bought Chloe her first  snowboard on eBay for $25. When Chloe was 8, Jong quit his job as an  engineer to support her snowboarding career. He would often wake up at  2 a.m. in the morning to drive Chloe over 300 miles to her practices.   After watching his daughter win the Olympic Gold, Jong said in  Korean, ``When I came to the United States, this was my American hope.  Now, this is my American dream.''   In reflecting on her father's sacrifice, Chloe said, ``My dad has  definitely sacrificed a lot for me, and I don't know if I could do it  if I was in his shoes, leaving your life behind and chasing your dream  because your kid is passionate about this sport. I think today I did it  for my family, and I am so grateful to them.''   Chloe's story of winning the Olympic Gold is extraordinary, but her  father's story speaks to a deep and abiding foundation of America and  to my personal experience as an immigrant.   My mom also came to this country--poor and without skills to escape  an abusive marriage--to give her three children, of which I am one, a  chance at a better life. Like Jong and Chloe, one generation after my  mom came to this country, I am standing on the floor of the U.S.  Senate, fighting for humane immigration policies.   These stories speak to the broader immigrant experience in our  country. We work hard and embrace the opportunities this country  provides, and we often see the result of this hard work within a single  generation.   I would ask my colleagues: Do you think the United States would be  better off if we prevented immigrants like Jong and me from coming to  this country? Targeting immigrants for discriminatory and harsh  treatment is denying our country's history. With the exception of our  original peoples, everyone came to our country from somewhere else. We  are fighting to preserve  [[Page S947]]  the spirit of our country--that shining city on a hill.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, like my colleagues from whom we are  hearing today, I also rise to talk about the importance of protecting  the Dreamers, not just in the State of Nevada but across this country.   I want to talk specifically about a term that I constantly hear  during this debate on how we need to protect Dreamers and at the same  time address this issue of ``chain migration.'' I call on my colleagues  and President Trump to really stop using that term and to abandon the  offensive and misleading term of ``chain migration'' because it paints  a picture that does not reflect reality.   Immigrants cannot sponsor their entire families to come here. Our  system of family-based immigration allows American citizens and green  card holders to petition for some of their immediate family members to  join them in the United States. There are numerous steps families must  take to legally immigrate to the United States. It is a long and  arduous process that leaves husbands, wives, parents, brothers, and  sisters waiting for decades. This system is so broken and slow that  many people die before they ever have the chance to be reunited with  their loved ones again.   So this image of immigrants coming in endless chains across our  borders couldn't be further from the truth. For instance, the U.S.  Citizenship and Immigration Services is currently processing visa  applications for the siblings of U.S. citizens from 1994. That is 24  years ago. This backlog is painful for many American families, like  Fely. Fely is an immigrant from the Philippines who arrived in the  United States with her husband and her youngest son back in 1989. Her  father was a veteran who served in World War II, earned his  citizenship, and petitioned to have Fely join him in the U.S.   In the almost three decades since then, Fely has worked tirelessly to  reunite with her other children. Now at 80 years old, she is still  waiting and hoping that three of her children will make it through the  backlog to join her at home. Her story shows us that sponsoring even  your closest family members is a lengthy and difficult process.  Tragically, Fely's struggle is not uncommon. Thousands of Filipino  veterans all across this country are in the same situation.   As a daughter and granddaughter of veterans, I know firsthand that  when someone answers the call of duty, family members make sacrifices  too. I support Senator Hirono's Filipino Veterans Family Reunification  Act, a bill that would expedite the visa process for Filipino World War  II veterans' immediate relatives. We should honor the sacrifices that  veterans and their families make by passing this bill, not by forcing  them to wait in perpetual limbo.   Our immigration system reflects our national commitment to the  strength and importance of the family unit. Families are support  systems. They pull each other up when someone is in need and pull  together their resources. Strong families build strong communities.   Karl is a 20-year-old Filipino-American community organizer born and  raised in North Las Vegas. Karl's whole family is committed to  community service. While attending high school, Karl's brother  volunteers at an organization that serves the homeless. Karl's mother  teaches special education in North Las Vegas to low-income children.  Karl's dad is a mechanic and a military veteran, having served this  country in multiple branches of the armed services. None of them would  be here if not for our family-based, legal immigration system.    Some of my Republican colleagues claim to be champions of strong,  nuclear families and family values. Yet here we are today, considering  a measure that would tear apart families like Karl's, that would leave  parents without children, sisters without brothers, and husbands  without wives. Why does the party of family values think that is  acceptable?   The problem is that the party of Donald Trump is not the party of  family values. Donald Trump doesn't care about families. He wants to be  able to pick and choose which families get to come in and which have to  stay out. The White House immigration plan we are considering would cut  legal immigration by up to 44 percent. That is half a million more  immigrants who would be banned each year. This is one of the largest  xenophobic-driven cuts to legal immigration since the 1920s. It would  affect nearly 22 million people over the next five decades. What is  going on here? What are they so afraid of?   I recently sat down with immigrant workers in the Senate and the  Pentagon who are about to lose their protections from deportation. One  of them told me that she left El Salvador after seeing her husband  brutally murdered in front of her and her son. She has been working for  the Federal Government for the past two decades, serving the very men  and women who are preparing to vote to send her back to the country she  fled with her children.   I also spoke with a Dreamer who works right here in the Senate  cafeteria. She is the sole provider for her three American-citizen  children, and she, too, is afraid that under Donald Trump's deportation  policy, she is going to be ripped apart from her children and sent back  to a country that she fled.   These are the people Donald Trump wants to throw out of their homes.  They are not asking for special treatment or handouts or giveaways.  They just want to be allowed to stay and work hard and provide for  their families. They don't want to have to go back to a place where  they will have to live every day in fear for their lives and for their  children's lives.   This President will tell you that immigrants are taking jobs. That is  a myth. It is a lie that has been spread about every immigrant group in  American history, and it has been repeatedly debunked by economic  research. According to the National Academy of Sciences National  Research Council, a typical immigrant family will pay an estimated  $80,000 more in taxes than they receive in public benefits over their  lifetime.   Immigrant families bring long-term economic benefits to our country  by starting businesses, purchasing property, and supporting the  education and achievement of their children. Research shows that  immigrants drive growth. They generate new patents at twice the rate of  native-born Americans. In 2014, they earned $1.3 trillion and  contributed $105 billion in State and local taxes and nearly $224  billion in Federal taxes. Immigrants are 30 percent more likely to  start a business in the United States than nonimmigrants, and 18  percent of small business owners in the United States are immigrants.  They create jobs right here in the United States. Jobs are not the  problem here.   The problem is the color of immigrants' skin. We have a President of  the United States who has wondered out loud why we can't have more  Whites come to this country. President Trump denies being a racist. For  a nonracist, he has done a shockingly good job of cultivating support  among White supremacists.   This is not about the color of people's skin, but this is about  family. This is about strong nuclear families and family values. I am  proud of who I am, where I came from, and I am a descendant of  immigrants. But I also learned and believe in strong values and strong  family values, and we lead with those values. So our immigration system  should reflect our national commitment to the strength and the  importance of that family unit and those family values.   It makes no sense to me that we are fighting today to protect these  kids and keep them in this country and then take their parents and rip  them out of their homes and send them back to a country that they do  not want to go to, that they do not call home, and where their safety  is called into question. I don't understand that as a family value or  as an American value.   So I ask my colleagues, when we are talking about the immigration  system  [[Page S948]]  and protecting Dreamers, let's implement commonsense immigration  reform. Let's make sure that when we are protecting Dreamers, we are  also protecting their family unit and those family values. This is not  about pitting parents against their kids or having kids decide whether  they should stay here or their parents should.   No child should have to go to school concerned that when they come  home, their parents may not be there. I don't know about you, but I  went through the public school system in the State of Nevada, and I was  always, always comforted with the thought that when I walked through  that door, my mother and father would be there. Any other way to treat  these children and their families, to me, is inhumane. They are not  values that we stand for as Americans, and they are not values that we  lead with when we are talking about commonsense reforms to immigration.   So I ask my colleagues: Please, as we go through this debate,  remember who we are talking about. There are faces, there are families,  there are people behind the very decisions that we make this week.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Mexico.   