 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4986, the RAY  BAUM'S Act, the first FCC reauthorization in 28 years, named for our  dear friend, the late Ray Baum.   This bill is the product of many long hours of hard work to achieve a  bipartisan, bicameral compromise. While no bill is perfect, this  legislation contains many solid policy advancements for digital  communications in the 21st century.   I'm especially glad to see two bills I've championed for many years  included in this package, `Dig Once' which I first introduced in 2009,  and the RESPONSE Act, which I first introduced in 2010. Broadband is  essential for every community in our country to function today, just as  the physical roads and bridges we travel on are. For nearly a decade,  I've been pushing for a `Dig Once' policy, a commonsense proposal to  ensure broadband conduit is included in the buildout of roads and  highways when they're being built and where there's a demonstrated need  for broadband access, rather than tearing up roads later. Dig Once will  enable states to make it easier for broadband providers to enter new  and underserved markets by laying the broadband conduit during  construction.   H.R. 4986 also includes the RESPONSE Act that ensures that multi-line  telephones commonly found in office buildings and hotels are equipped  with location accuracy technologies. This is essential for responders  to locate a 911 caller in a large building as quickly as possible  because lives are literally on the line and every second counts. This  provision will help save lives.   I'm disappointed that the FCC Collaboration Act was excluded from the  final version of H.R. 4986. This is another bipartisan, commonsense  proposal that I have consistently introduced since 2009. It passed out  of the Communications and Technology subcommittee, the full Energy and  Commerce committee, and previously passed the full House, all with  bipartisan support. All of the former Democratic and Republican FCC  members have supported this policy one hundred percent. It's  unfortunate that despite such broad support, this provision was  stripped from the final bill despite our work in Committee.   I also want to express my concerns about some parts of the bill which  consolidate the FCC's reporting on issues like price hikes,  competition, and program diversity, and the scaling back of provisions  on critical unlicensed spectrum. I worry that we'll regret weakening  these public interest policies. Nonetheless, I support H.R. 4986 as a  set of largely positive developments for consumers, policymakers, and  many other stakeholders in the communications marketplace. I want to  thank Chairman Walden for his hard work on this, and urge my colleagues  to vote YES on H.R. 4986, the RAY BAUM'S Act of 2018.   