 Mr. Speaker, first, I thank our ranking member for yielding,  but also for her tireless work, day and night, to really help shape  this bill to be, in many ways, a bipartisan bill, but also, each and  every day, looking out for the American people and making sure that the  American Dream is real for everyone in this country. So I thank again  Congresswoman Lowey.   Also, to all of our ranking members and to Leader Pelosi, I want to  just say that the input they have received from all of us on our  staff--and I want to thank our staff and the phenomenal work that they  have done--it has been just amazing.   As a member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education  funding subcommittee, I am pleased to see many good provisions in this  bill. This bill eliminates hundreds of poison pill riders ranging from  efforts to defund Planned Parenthood, eliminate teen pregnancy and  title X to dismantling of critical labor and consumer protections.   The bill also includes $60 million for a competitive grant, which we  have been working on for years, for computer science funding for young  girls, young people living below the poverty line, and people of color.  I thank Mr. Fleischmann and others for helping us work on this, because  this truly is a bipartisan effort. We included robust increases in job  training, education, and childcare, as well as for historically Black  colleges and universities. Now, my State of California has the highest  number of students coming to HBCUs, so I am very grateful for those  increases.   Even with these increases, Mr. Speaker, this conference report still  falls short of what we need to just return to the funding levels before  the sequester 8 years ago. Adjusted for inflation, we are still way  below the 2010 levels for domestic spending.   What is worse, while underfunding our needs here at home, the bill  includes an increase in $19 billion in defense. This includes a $2  billion increase for the overseas contingency fund, which really I  think should be part of our base budget for the Pentagon funding. We  know that the Pentagon doesn't need this excessive increase in funding  to ensure our national security.   A Washington Post report in 2016 exposed a report detailing $125  billion in waste, fraud, and abuse, yet we are increasing this by $19  billion, not to mention that much of this funding is dedicated to  continuing the endless wars that we are waging around the world, wars  that, I might add, Congress has still not debated or voted on.   Put simply, the defense spending will be the single largest increase  for the Pentagon since the beginning of the Bush so-called war on  terror. Enough is enough, Mr. Speaker. We need to really make sure that  our defense spending ensures our troop readiness and our national  security, but we also need to work on the American people and stop  these outrageous increases to defense funding.   