 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, H.R. 4606, the Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and  Access Act, is far from perfect, as several of our colleagues have  noted. The amendment I am offering today would reverse most of the  bill's most egregious shortcomings and help ensure that liquefied  natural gas exports benefiting from expedited approval truly are in the  public interest, as the original bill purports to do.   This amendment would help keep methane waste to a minimum for the LNG  exports permitted by the bill. It requires export applications to show  that the natural gas was produced using available techniques and  technologies to minimize methane emissions from leaks or venting.   In other words, this amendment would require companies developing  liquefied natural gas for export to actually develop and export the  natural gas rather than venting vast quantities into the atmosphere or  lighting it on fire.   This requirement is easy to implement with readily available  technologies. Many companies are already working to reduce their  methane emissions.   Sara Ortwein, president of XTO Energy, a subsidiary of ExxonMobil,  just this week stated her company's continued support for Federal  methane regulations, and she is far from alone.   In Colorado, we have had strong methane rules in place since 2014,  and our oil and gas industry has continued to thrive, even as it is  required to find and stop the leaks.   Stopping these leaks has real benefits. There is widespread  scientific consensus that methane leaks into the atmosphere  significantly contribute to climate change. The volatile organic  compounds released with the methane increase ground-level pollution and  harm public health. When natural gas is produced on public land, it  leaks rob taxpayers of royalties on the wasted gas.   So we can and we must prevent such needless harmful emissions  wherever possible, and this measure is one way to do it. It would  increase the royalties collected for taxpayers; it would reduce  climate-changing emissions; and it would protect public health.   Vote for it and you will vote for a better future for our  constituents, for our children, and for generations to come.   Now, colleagues who are considering whether to support this amendment  may be interested to learn that natural and regional polling  consistently show strong bipartisan support for methane rules. Sixty to  80 percent or more of those polled expressed their approval.   Now, there may be many reasons for which some people will oppose this  amendment, but I can't think of any that would stand up to scrutiny. I  would look forward to discussing those reasons here. And if you oppose  this amendment, let's talk about it.   Otherwise, we can reduce these emissions; we can pass this bill; and  it would go a long way toward cleaning up our environment and saving  money.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, just quickly, these rules that the  gentleman referred to, alleging that they solve the problem, I would  just say the BLM Methane and Waste Prevention rule was eliminated by  the Trump EPA under Scott Pruitt, and so that is not controlling the  public lands emissions right now, which is what this amendment would  do. And the EPA rule under the Clean Air Act is also under attack.   Really, if it is current law, why not just support it? Why not say,  if we are going to be developing this LNG, let's stop these leaks?  Because it helps our environment, it helps with our air and our climate  change, and it also helps with profits. And, frankly, for the BLM lands  and the other Federal lands, it will help the taxpayers recover money.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   