 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, today is the 1-year anniversary of a complete Republican  control of Washington. The majority runs the White House, the Senate,  and the House of Representatives. And what do we have to show for it?   First, a tax bill for corporations and the wealthy. Now, the great  Government of the United States is closed for business.   The impacts will be severe. Just look what happened during the last  Republican shutdown in 2013, which cost our economy an estimated $24  billion:   We lost progress on reducing the massive backlog of veterans'  disability claims;   Two-thirds of the Centers for Disease Control and three-fourths of  the National Institutes of Health were furloughed;   Flu season surveillance and monitoring was severely limited, and we  are in a crisis, this year, with the flu where more than 20 children  have died;   Lifesaving FDA food safety inspections were delayed;   1.2 million private sector loans to individuals and small businesses  were disrupted;   Billions in tax refunds were delayed;   Head Start centers serving 6,300 children were closed; and   120,000 private sector jobs were destroyed.   Why is the government shut down today?   Because the majority was so obsessed with handing out tax breaks to  the wealthy and corporations that they ignored their responsibility to  the American people. They failed to renew, before they expired,  community health centers.   They failed to permanently renew the Children's Health Insurance  Program, which the CBO--Congressional Budget Office--had found would  save the government over $6 billion over 10 years.   That is despite the fact that the majority made their tax cuts for  corporations permanent.   That was a tax bill, by the way, that was sold as a middle class tax  cut. But we know today that it was anything but. It is a tax cut for  big corporations and the superwealthy, and it seems designed to target  blue States. I live in one.   Action on these items shouldn't be some extraordinary exercise.  Republicans and Democrats agree that we need to address them. But the  majority has been missing in action.   All the while, we have been forced to limp along, funding the  government in month-long tranches. That is no way to run a business,  and it is certainly no way to run the Government of the United States  of America.   President Trump tweeted last May: ``Our country needs a good  `shutdown.'''   In 2011, years before he assumed office, President Trump said, during  an interview, as another Republican shutdown loomed: ``If there is a  shutdown, I think it would be a tremendously negative mark on the  President of the United States. He's the one that has to get people  together.'' We would like to have him do that and play that role now.   The President should not treat this like a reality show, and the  majority should stop treating government like a game where the truth is  so easily discarded.   The majority's short-term CR failed last night in the other body  because it didn't get the job done. It was written behind closed doors  without a single bit of input from the minority party.   Democrats weren't alone in making clear that this continuing  resolution was unacceptable.   Members of the majority's own conference voted against it on both  sides of the Capitol.   If I were in the majority's shoes with 51 seats in the other body,  and I had to get to 60 votes, I would want Democrats to be in on it  with me. To do that, we need to be in on it at all steps, not just at  the time of the vote.   The majority is quick to invoke the name of my State Senator--that I  think will not cross my lips because of what we just went through--but  let me say that that Senator from the State of New York earned perfect  scores on his SATs, was heard one Saturday morning on NPR on two  different subjects, and I don't believe anyone could honestly say that  he ever misunderstood what the President said during a meeting, or that  he would leave a meeting in any way confounded or confused.    They were apparently close to a deal to avert a shutdown.   The problem is that this President apparently thinks one thing at 10  a.m. and another one at noon--somewhat like Alice in Wonderland--and  that makes reaching an agreement extraordinarily difficult.   Even the Senate majority leader from my other home State of Kentucky,  Senator Mitch McConnell, said this week: ``I'm looking for something  that President Trump supports. And he's not yet indicated what measure  he's willing to sign.''   So the majority in both Chambers should try something new for a  change: we call it bipartisanship.   I am here today ready to craft a compromise that addresses the needs  facing the American people. So are my Democratic colleagues.   To the majority, I say this with all of my heart: Work with us for  the good of this country, and let us end this shutdown before Monday.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern), a distinguished member of the Rules  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds.   I am sorry that the majority leader didn't mention it, but were there  any Democrats in those meetings in his office?   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Vermont  (Mr. Welch), a former member of the Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), who is the Democratic whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Maryland an  additional 1\1/2\ minutes.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Pallone), the distinguished ranking member of the  Committee on Energy and Commerce.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Polis), a distinguished member of the Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Kildee).    Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I  will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 4871, the Pay Our  Military Act, to guarantee pay and death benefits for our military.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum) to discuss our proposal.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Al Green).    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the minority leader and our  great friend and a woman we are very happy about.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Price).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, this is the fifth Republican government shutdown in the  last 30 years. It is the first shutdown in modern history when one  party held the House, the Senate, and the White House.   During the 2013 government shutdown, the economy lost $1.5 billion a  day. I am sure it is even more now.   We need to work across the aisle, and the majority needs to work with  us, and let's solve this problem.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question and the  rule, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   