 Mr. President, this is a very focused topic and I will  just be a few minutes.   I rise today to discuss S. Res. 463, which is a resolution that  Senator Blunt and I just discharged from the Rules Committee that will  help new parents--specifically, Senator parents--to bring their infant  children onto the Senate floor. It hasn't been brought to the Senate  floor yet, but I thought I would give an update and explain the  importance and really the historic nature of this resolution.   As my colleagues know, this month Senator Duckworth made history when  she gave birth to her beautiful daughter Maile Pearl. Senator Duckworth  has made history in many ways but, among other things, she is the first  sitting U.S. Senator to give birth while in office.   Some have pointed out that it is remarkable that it took so long to  have a Senator who gave birth while in office, and I think it does  speak to the fact that while we are a growing number of women in  Congress, there are still not that many, and it is changing.   We currently now have 23 women Senators, which is an all-time  record--more than at any time in history. We are seeing record levels  of women run for office. It is inevitable that in the future more women  will have kids during their time in the Senate. So in this way, we are  simply anticipating what we see as the future, and it is on us to make  this a better workplace before they get here. I think workplaces across  America are making, and have made, those same kinds of adjustments and  decisions.   As the ranking member of the Rules Committee, I recognize that this  means that some of our outdated rules--and Senator Blunt as the chair  realizes this as well--that were developed without considering the  changing needs in the workplace must be changed. Senator Duckworth has  taken the lead, and her resolution is an important part of that change.   As she prepared to give birth, Senator Duckworth did what many moms  do. She started to come up with a plan for how to juggle her family and  her work. Like too many other moms in the United States, she came to  realize that there were problems in her workplace for accommodating new  moms.   Senators have important constitutional obligations related to their  service, the most fundamental among them being voting on legislation.  The Senate rules require Senators to vote in person. We have no  intention of changing that. They must vote on the Senate floor, and no  one can do it for them.   Right now, unlike in the House, children are not allowed on the  Senate floor. That means that in order to fulfill her Senate  obligation, Senator Duckworth would have to leave her baby for extended  periods in order to come in and vote. Sometimes that would be just  fine. She would have childcare. Her husband would be there. But as we  all know, there are times when we vote late into the night, when we  vote at unpredictable times, and it doesn't work for a mom with a  newborn.   So what did Senator Duckworth do? She called for legislation to  change the rules so that Senators can bring their infants on the floor  during votes, and we worked to come up with a workable proposal.   I am proud to say that this week, the Senate Rules Committee swiftly  discharged the legislation so that it can be passed by the full Senate,  because that is what working moms do. They stick together and they get  the job done.   Sticking together means recognizing that we have a lot of work to do  inside the Halls of Congress. The truth is too many American moms  aren't in positions of power to change the rules, which is why it is so  important for those of us who are in positions of power to be champions  of change, not just here in the Senate but in workplaces across the  country. It is wrong that America is the only industrialized country  without a law that requires paid maternity leave, and it is wrong that  only 10 percent of American employers offer workers full pay during  parental leave.  [[Page S2215]]    The lack of parental leave, coupled with the cost of childcare, has a  profound impact on our economy and on our society, and it is one of the  reasons, I believe, why there are not enough women in power. We must do  better.   Adopting Senator Duckworth's resolution represents a small step  forward. In fact, it is one baby forward. In answer to some of the  questions that I got in the hallway, no, there will not be wardrobe  requirements of the baby, and, no, we do not believe the baby will be  required to wear a Senate pin.   Somehow, I think we will be able to adjust to this simple notion to  allow a child--an infant--on the floor for the first year of life. That  is why I am hopeful that this will inspire further change both inside  and outside of Congress.   In addition to the support of all of the women Senators, I would like  to thank Chairman Blunt, Leaders McConnell and Schumer, and Senator  Durbin, Senator Duckworth's colleague, who all played an instrumental  role in getting this resolution to the floor. Women may be leading the  charge, but there are a lot of good men who have had our backs, and  that is a good thing, because we need to work together as we continue  to fight for more family-friendly workplaces.   Finally, I would like to thank the one who did all the work, Senator  Duckworth, who continues to serve our country with courage and  strength, for paving the way. Maile Pearl is very lucky to have Senator  Duckworth as a mom, and I look forward to meeting her here on the  Senate floor during a future round of votes.   I yield the floor.   