 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both of my friends for their  work on this bill, and I want to thank Natural Resources Committee  Chairman Rob Bishop, who is a cosponsor of this bill, for his support  and leadership of this legislation, as well as Ranking Member Raul  Grijalva, who has also supported our efforts.   I also want to thank Oversight and Government Reform Chair Trey Gowdy  and Ranking Member Elijah Cummings for their support and for moving  this bipartisan legislation through their committee as well. So you  see, we have gone through two committees, Mr. Speaker.   Mr. Speaker, I am particularly pleased and grateful to Senator Lisa  [[Page H395]]  Murkowski, chair of the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural  Resources, which has jurisdiction over the bill, who has introduced the  Senate companion of this bill.   Our bill is noncontroversial, as you have heard, Mr. Speaker. It  would only clarify that the District of Columbia has the authority to  enter into cooperative management agreements, called CMAs, to maintain  and invest in National Park Service properties in the city. There are  many such properties, we are grateful to say, in the District of  Columbia.   NPS already has the authority to enter into these agreements with  States, and I believe with the District of Columbia, but the better  part of valor was to make sure that that was understood.   Our bill would simply provide the District with the same opportunity  to work collaboratively with the NPS as States and cities already do.   NPS is the steward of many of the country's most beautiful natural  wonders, but they are uniquely responsible for most of the small urban  parks in the District's neighborhoods, as well.   Given NPS' limited budget and resources, we should encourage local  jurisdictions to work with NPS to make sure that our national parks are  properly cared for in the way this bill incentivizes.   The city already has plans to enter into a CMA with the National Park  Service to assume operational jurisdiction of Franklin Park. This park  is located in downtown D.C., right in the center of town, but it has  seen better days.   The city plans to work with the Downtown Business Improvement  District to transform the park to its former glory by ensuring regular  maintenance and providing amenities such as food, gardens, and other  services.   As the city's downtown core has grown to include more housing,  businesses, and workers, the need for green space also has grown.   The city's plans for Franklin Park are a model of what can be done  when local jurisdictions get creative about protecting and improving  the Nation's parks.   Mr. Speaker, I hope Members are taking this bill as a model for what  can be done if they have parks. Perhaps the park for this bill would  not be as easily patterned. But there are many small parks that are  near local businesses. Local businesses do not thrive when green space  is in poor condition, so we did not find it difficult to get the  business community around this park to partner with the District of  Columbia to bring it up to what a park should look like in the center  of the city.   The National Park Service has a backlog that has been described by my  friend on the other side, so we cannot expect the Park Service, even if  it had the most robust funding appropriation here, to get to many of  our parks very soon.   What works here can work throughout the United States. My bill is, of  course, a win for my city, but it is also a win for the Federal  Government, and it is a win for the more than 30 million visitors who  visit the District of Columbia every day because it is our Nation's  capital, and, of course, it is a win for the surrounding jurisdictions  because this park is so centrally located in this region.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Hawaii (Ms. Hanabusa) for  yielding time to me.   