 Mr. Speaker, our veterans, our servicemembers, and their  families sacrificed greatly in service to our country, with some paying  the ultimate price, sacrificing all.   For those who do come home, there are often visible and invisible  wounds that they carry with them for a very long time--if not for the  rest of their  [[Page H4759]]  lives. It is our solemn responsibility as a country to stand by them,  to ensure that they receive the care and the services and the respect  that they have earned and that they deserve through their service.   So the fact that, today, a veteran or a Gold Star family member who  wants to use a national war memorial for a special event--whether it is  a vigil, a religious service, a parade, or any other kind of event--is  slapped with an application fee by the National Park Service costing  anywhere from $70 to over $100 is, frankly, unacceptable.   Our war memorials are often a place of healing, a place where our  brothers and sisters in uniform, our fellow veterans, gather to  remember those whom they served with who never made that trip home, for  Gold Star family members to go and pay homage to and share new memories  with their loved one that has been lost. This is a gathering place that  is so important both for those who have served and those who remember  and honor those who have sacrificed everything. It is unacceptable that  our Nation's heroes have to pay a fee to honor our fallen brothers and  sisters in this way. This legislation is necessary, and we have the  opportunity to get it passed today.   I appreciate the leadership of my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Rothfus), someone who I know personally is deeply committed to serving  and honoring our veterans and never forgetting the cost of war and who  pays the price.   We introduced this legislation to waive the application fee for  veterans and Gold Star families applying for a permit at war memorials  on Federal land because this legislation honors the special bond  between veterans that spans across conflicts and generations that we  see displayed in this country, most prominently on Veterans Day and  Memorial Day, but something that goes on throughout the year. We must  continue to honor this into the future.   This simple change in this legislation will lift this financial and  bureaucratic burden that our veterans face as they pay their respects,  remember the lives and sacrifices of their friends, and our Gold Star  family members of their loved ones.   I want to thank the men and women of the National Park Service who  work to make sure that our war memorials are kept up and reflective  places for healing, and I thank my colleague for his leadership and the  support of the committee to bring this bill to the floor today. I urge  my colleagues to support its passage.   