 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition  to Mr. Gallagher's amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act.   This harmful amendment would add language to the NDAA that  specifically targets Chinese foreign nationals who receive U.S.  employment or student visas for extra scrutiny by our Federal  Government. If this amendment were to confine itself to the serious  issue of safeguarding American interests against foreign political  influence, industrial acquisitions, and regional global capabilities,  it might be supportable. But this amendment specifically targets an  ethnic population in this country by singling out the Chinese who  participate in student visa programs and who are receiving employment  visas.   While there is no doubt that we must take national security threats  from foreign countries seriously, including Russia, this amendment  assumes that there is widespread abuse of our visa program from China  alone and attempts to paint all Chinese students, scholars, and  employees, en masse, as potential spies for China.   This underlying bill already includes elements to address interstate  strategic competition and does so without creating a precedent for  singling out individuals because of their country of origin. We have  seen how our government's policies and actions towards foreign  nationals have the ability to impact Americans of certain ethnic  backgrounds.    We need to look no further than the examples of Sherry Chen and Dr.  Xioaxing Xi, two Chinese-American scientists who were wrongfully  accused of being spies for China, only to have their charges dropped  with no explanation. In fact, just this month, Sherry Chen was  exonerated by a judge who said that her case was a case of gross  miscarriage of justice.   It is reckless to categorize an entire country of people as a threat  to our national security, and I reject these overly broad and dangerous  attempts to build a case that all Chinese students and employees should  be viewed with more suspicion in this country than others.   