 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this balanced budget  amendment.   Just a few months ago, Republicans plunged this Nation nearly $2  trillion deeper into debt with a tax scam bill that gave massive  handouts to corporations and the ultra wealthy.   Another trip down memory lane reminds us that Republicans care so  much about balancing our budget, that one of the first things that they  did upon taking the majority back in 2010 was repealing paygo rules  that required Congress to pay for our spending.   What better way to cover up yesterday's fiscal malfeasance than to  hide behind a cynical and hypocritical promise to be more fiscally  responsible tomorrow?   There are really only two possibilities here: either my Republican  colleagues can't do simple math or something more sinister is going on.  One thing is clear: Republicans have proven time and again that they  don't deserve the benefit of the doubt.   When Republicans preach the virtues of fiscal responsibility, what  they really mean is that they want to take away the Social Security,  Medicare, and Medicaid benefits that millions of Americans have earned.  That is not fiscal responsibility; that is moral cruelty.   By creating a massive hole in the deficit with the Republican tax  scam, this middle class con was the first step of a scheme to undermine  Social Security and Medicare. This disgraceful amendment being  considered today is the second step.   We have seen this movie before. Republicans followed the budget- busting Bush tax cuts for the wealthy with an attempt to privatize  Social Security and they followed the budget-busting Bush recession  with an attempt to voucherize Medicare.    The best way to clean up the fiscal mess made by my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle is to repeal the Republican tax scam. We do not  need to amend the Constitution, and we must not force their fiscal mess  to be cleaned up at the cost of our seniors' health and dignity.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the amendment and to keep  fighting against the Republicans' perpetual crusade to break the  promises we have made to our seniors.   