 Mr. Speaker, during a 2-week  period in May, 658 immigrant children were separated from their  families by Customs and Border Patrol agents at our southern border.  The number of immigrant children held in custody by the United States  government is now 10,773, an increase of 21% since the end of April.  Sadly, this practice of family separation continues to be applied by  the Trump administration today. It must be stopped immediately.   The high majority of families crossing our southern border come from  Central America, where rampant violence threatens the lives of women  and children in particular. These families come to the United States in  hopes of finding safety. Instead, this inhumane policy enforced by the  Trump administration ensures that parents and children will face  additional psychological and emotional trauma.   Separation from parents is particularly damaging for young children,  who have already endured a long and dangerous journey from their points  of origin. Aside from the obvious emotional toll of parental  separation, a report released by the American Civil Liberties Union  last month details pervasive abuse of unaccompanied children by the  Customs and Border Protection agency. Instances of this abuse include  CBP officials repeatedly punching a child's head, verbally abusing  detained children, and denying a pregnant minor medical care, which  resulted in a stillbirth.   Congress must come together to end the Trump administration's  practice and to ensure that these migrants are treated humanely.  Attorney General Jeff Sessions' recent announcement that this  administration will not grant asylum to victims of domestic and gang  violence will only exacerbate the problems these families face, and at  the very least, we must ensure that they are able to stay together as  they face their uncertain futures.   Mr. Speaker, no matter where they come from, parents and children  belong together, Congress must use its legislative authority to prevent  the Trump administration from ripping them apart.   