 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Poe and Ms.  Jackson Lee for leading this debate today. And, of course, I want to  thank Susan Brooks, my co-chair of the Congressional Caucus for Women's  Issues, for her support. This is an example of bipartisanship at its  best. And, of course, I also thank Dianne Feinstein over in the Senate,  whose bill we are taking up, our companion bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Protecting Young Victims from  Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act. It is a long name, but  it is important. It came about on the heels of reports of sexual abuse  at the highest levels of USA Gymnastics.   Me Too has come to the Olympics, and we have heard from more than 150  very brave young women, extraordinary not only in their talent but in  their courage, who have shared their harrowing stories of sexual abuse  at the hands of a doctor, Larry Nassar, who they were told to trust.   One of these stories is from Mattie Larson, who was a budding young  gymnast and a future Olympic medalist. At age 14, she hurt her hip and  was sent to Dr. Nassar, the well-known and now disgraced doctor who  cared for hundreds of athletes like Mattie.   Instead of healing her hip, he crippled her mind. For 5 years, this  doctor molested this young woman. She became so desperate at one point  that she feigned a slip and fall and a concussion just to try to get  out of ever going back to the Olympic facility.   Mattie said: ``. . . I just couldn't take any more abuse. I was  broken. Larry, my coaches, and USA Gymnastics turned the sport I fell  in love with as a kid into my personal living hell.''   These children are children, like Mattie, who want to represent our  country and who give up so much of their childhood, getting up early,  practicing hard, on weekends going to competitions, and then only to be  subjected to sexual abuse by the team doctor, and then either ignored  or encouraged to keep silent.   I say shame, shame, shame on those who enabled this.   It may be too late to protect Mattie and Olympic stars like Aly  Raisman, but this legislation, by requiring proper reporting and  notifying procedures, will protect our future young athletes. I urge my  colleagues to support this very, very good bipartisanship legislation.   