 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Minnesota for yielding, and I thank him, also, for his leadership on  the committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the VA MISSION Act because it  makes significant improvements to the VA that our Nation's veterans  have long been asking for, which will help deliver better care to the 9  million veterans enrolled in the VA.   While I recognize that this bill is not a perfect one, my mission and  the Veterans' Affairs Committee's mission has always been to provide  better access to high-quality care for our Nation's veterans, and this  bill advances that goal in a few very important ways.   First, the VA MISSION Act consolidates the various community care  programs, which will make it easier for veterans to use and for  providers to participate in.    The bill also expands the caregiver program, which is critical for  improving outcomes and quality of life for our veterans. This has been  a key priority for our Nation's veterans service organizations for  years.   Community nursing homes are five times more expensive than the  average cost of the caregiver program. Expanding the caregiver program  will save the VA and taxpayers money in the long run, all the while  allowing veterans to receive quality care and better care at home from  the people they trust the most.   The bill also makes important improvements to community care  eligibility, which are more closely aligned with the veterans' needs  rather than the arbitrary criteria currently in place.   Finally, I am planning to vote ``yes'' because time is of the  essence. As you may know, the acting VA Secretary recently informed  Congress that the Choice account will run out of funds by the beginning  of June, meaning tens of thousands of veterans could lose access to  community care in a few short weeks. The VA MISSION Act will ensure  that this does not happen, which is another reason why the legislation  is supported by 39 veterans service organizations.   With that said, I fully recognize that the bill's approach to  realigning facilities, in my opinion, is flawed.   I also share the ranking member's concerns about the budget caps.  Reimposing the sequester would be devastating for the VA and for other  Federal discretionary programs. This is a real issue that must be  addressed.   Since I have been in Congress, we have raised budget caps three times  in  [[Page H4043]]  a bipartisan manner. We can and we must do so again in order to avoid  devastating cuts to programs our constituents depend on.   As the ranking member noted, during the committee markup, Democrats  tried to fix this issue, but his amendment was voted down. Today, our  new colleague from Pennsylvania also has offered legislation to address  this issue, which I supported, but the House did not adopt it.   While I am disappointed that the budget cap issue has not yet been  fully addressed, I plan to vote for the VA MISSION Act today. It is  past that time. Congress must take action to consolidate the community  care programs and to expand the caregiver program.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to also support the bill.   