 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is an example of true bipartisanship. I want  to thank Chairman Hensarling, the members of the Financial Services  Committee, and the staff on both sides of the aisle for their work on  this legislative package.   S. 488, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, is evidence  that Democrats and Republicans can come together to strengthen our  Nation's small businesses and entrepreneurs, bolster investor  confidence, protect consumers, promote financial stability, and counter  human and drug trafficking.   S. 488 helps small businesses grow by encouraging capital formation  and requires the Securities and Exchange Commission to consider unique  issues facing rural small businesses and small investment advisers.  When entrepreneurs are looking to retire, S. 488 allows them to easily  sell their businesses.   The bill also requires several rulemakings and studies to encourage  small businesses to go public, including by protecting them from  excessive underwriting fees.   Main Street investors and consumers also benefit from S. 488. One  provision, which I authored, cracks down on corporate insiders engaged  in illegal insider trading.   Democrats also led provisions to enhance disclosures about outsized  insider voting power.   The bill also creates a task force at the SEC to protect seniors and  their financial best interests.   Additionally, the bill helps nonprofits, like Habitat for Humanity,  continue to extend affordable mortgages to low-income families aspiring  to the dream of homeownership.   Thanks to Mr. Ellison, the legislation enables millions of Americans  with thin credit files to improve and build their credit by allowing  alternative types of data, like the on-time payment of rent and  utilities, to be included in their credit reports without preempting  State law.   S. 488 also improves financial stability. The bill directs regulators  to improve the calculation for bank capital held to offset risk in the  options and derivatives markets so that riskier products are covered by  more capital   Finally, S. 488 strengthens our government's efforts to stop drug and  human trafficking by preventing criminals who engage in these  unconscionable acts from accessing the financial system.   There are several provisions that we did not reach bipartisan  agreement on in time, including reforms to private offerings under  regulation D that requires issuers to file disclosures before their  first sell and after the termination of the offering. I am pleased that  the chairman has offered to continue working on this and other issues  with me, and I hope that the Senate has its own chance to make these  and other changes.   Throughout my work on this legislation, I insisted that nothing could  be included that would weaken Dodd-Frank's financial reforms, harm  consumers, or provide giveaways to Wall Street. Instead, building on  the bipartisan work of the Financial Services Committee, S. 488  includes measures that will help small businesses grow and protect  hardworking Americans who entrust their savings to the capital markets.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank my colleagues for their strong bipartisan  support on this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), the ranking  member of our Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment Subcommittee  of the Financial Services Committee, and the leading sponsor and  Democratic cosponsor of several of the bills in this package.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  David Scott), a senior member of the  Financial Services Committee and the leading Democratic cosponsor of  several of the bills in this package.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional  30 seconds to the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Himes), a member of the Financial  Services Committee, the chair of the New Democrat Coalition, and the  author of one of the bills in this package that ensures companies  aren't paying excessive fees to go public.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Foster), who is a member of the  Financial Services Committee and a leading Democratic cosponsor on  several of the bills in this package.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman  from Illinois an additional 20 seconds.    Will the Speaker please check the  minutes again? We have calculated differently, and we think I have 9  minutes.     I am sorry. What is the Chair saying  about the time that I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. Beatty), who is a member of the  Financial Services Committee who helped ensure that this bill cracks  down on the use of digital currency in human trafficking.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Gottheimer), who is a member of the  Financial Services Committee and author of one of the bills in this  package.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further  requests for time, and I yield myself the remainder of my time to  close.   I once again thank my colleagues for their outstanding bipartisan  work on this carefully crafted bipartisan legislation. S. 488, the JOBS  and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, is an example of Members on both  sides of the aisle working together to support our Nation's small  businesses and investors.   S. 488 facilitates access to capital for small businesses, increases  protections for consumers and investors, fights the scourge of drug and  human trafficking, and promotes financial stability.   S. 488 is supported by institutional investors, angel investors,  venture capitalists, biotech companies, credit unions, small  businesses, entrepreneurs, and exchanges. This bill will help  entrepreneurs, small businesses, and investors to thrive in our  economy.   Finally, I would like to thank Mr. Hensarling for his foresight in  knowing that this was possible because both sides of the aisle really  support small businesses. It was Mr. Hensarling who said: Given that we  do both support small businesses, why can't we come together around a  package where we have already shown our support on individual bills  either in committee or on the floor and put it all together?   He did that. He provided that leadership. I joined with him.   Our staffs are to be congratulated because they worked very hard on  both sides of the aisle to work out any concerns that we may have, any  differences that we may have. They did a magnificent job, and they  are responsible for helping us to understand what certainly is and was  possible.    So despite this, if I may say, there are many onlookers who never  thought this could happen. There are many pundits, those who come from  special interests, those who come from right here in the House on both  sides of the aisle, who are still questioning.    Mr. Speaker, I had one inquiry from  one of the magazines, I believe it was, who said: Tell me what happened  in the background, what was really going on. How did this all come  together?   I want the gentleman from Texas to know I told him it is none of his  business. It really happened, and we are pleased about it. We worked  very hard on that.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Hensarling and all of the members who worked  so hard to make this happen, and I yield back the balance of my time.   