 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit  at the desk.    I oppose the bill in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment  to the bill, which will not kill the bill nor send it back to  committee. If  [[Page H4999]]  adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended.   As a member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, I have made  robust funding for veterans' healthcare and benefits a top priority.   New Hampshire is one of only three States without a full-service VA  Hospital, which creates unique challenges for Granite State veterans'  access to care, particularly in the rural parts of my State.   Thankfully for the veterans of New Hampshire and the Nation, this  Congress came together to pass historic bipartisan reform for the VA  Community Care program, known as the Veterans Choice Program.   That program provided veterans a choice to see their preferred  healthcare provider within their community. However, in the wake of the  Phoenix VA scandal, the implementation of this program fragmented  veterans' care, according to GAO reports, and even extended wait times  for veterans using the Choice program.   Reform was much needed, and I was proud to cosponsor the bill known  as the VA MISSION Act that would streamline healthcare and ensure  continuity of care for those who have ``borne the battle.''   VA has some of the best healthcare in the country, healthcare that is  specialized for the unique wounds of war, both seen and unseen, and  healthcare that is provided by physicians experienced in understanding  veterans. Integrating it with the rest of our Nation's healthcare is  paramount to improving veterans' quality of life.   Yet, despite this historic act of Congress, the Trump administration  has indicated that they would not only spurn the will of Congress, but  undermine the very system of integrated healthcare that veterans have  demanded. This last week, the administration has deemed it necessary to  purposefully underfund portions of the reform because it did not meet  their desired outcomes.   In other words, and let's be frank, the administration wanted to  privatize the VA and was displeased that the Senate, the House, and a  near unanimous group of veterans service organizations had worked  together to create a commonsense, integrated healthcare system to  ensure that veterans received the best care possible.   The possibility that the administration undermines the VA's Community  Care program should not be taken lightly. And since the start of this  administration, we have seen leaked memos that show the true intent to  circumvent the will of Congress and, most notably, to slash homeless  veterans' funding at a time when homelessness is on the rise.   My motion to recommit will provide additional funding to the VA  medical services account, will ensure that VA hospitals will have the  funding to help address the persistent provider shortages that stymie  the delivery of quality medical healthcare for our veterans and will  provide the resources they need to give veterans the healthcare they  deserve.   It is unconscionable that this administration would purposefully pull  the rug out from underneath our veterans by denying them access to  convenient care and preferred medical providers. It is time we put  partisan politics aside and come together to ensure that all veterans  can go to the VA medical centers and receive the care they need.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   