 Madam President, I rise to express my strong opposition  to President Trump's nomination of Mike Pompeo to be the next Secretary  of State. There are many reasons to oppose this nomination, but the  main reason for me is pretty straightforward. Mike Pompeo is completely  unfit to serve as America's chief diplomat.   During his time as a public servant, Mike Pompeo has embraced a  variety of views that betray America's values. Whether it is his  support for interrogation techniques that amount to torture, his  preference for war over diplomatic solutions, or his hateful, blatantly  discriminatory views about Muslim and LGBTQ Americans, Mike Pompeo's  confirmation would degrade America's diplomacy and erode our moral  standing on the world stage.   Let's start with his evolving position on torture. In 2014, then- Congressman Pompeo praised the interrogators who used torture as  ``patriots'' and ``heroes,'' but when seeking confirmation to become  CIA Director, Mr. Pompeo suddenly said he would ``always comply with  the law'' prohibiting torture.   When asked if he would comply with a request from the President to  use torture, he said he couldn't ``imagine being asked to do so.''  Never mind that as a candidate Donald Trump boasted about his desire to  bring back waterboarding and ``a hell of a lot worse.'' In his later  written answers, Mr. Pompeo suggested he could support bringing back  waterboarding and other torture techniques if he thought they were  necessary.   So, first, Mike Pompeo was for torture, but when he wanted to be CIA  Director, he miraculously changed his position. Now he thinks the  United States should reserve the right to torture people in the future.  This position undermines our core values as Americans, and that alone  should disqualify him from being America's Secretary of State, but  there is more.   Mike Pompeo's hawkish views could quite literally lead us into  another war. Just look at his views on Iran. The Iranian Government is  a bad actor, no doubt about it. That is why the Iran nuclear deal was  so important. It is easier to counter Iran's bad behavior if it has no  nuclear weapons than it would be to keep Iran in check if it could  threaten the region and threaten the world with a nuclear bomb.   The deal with Iran imposed strong limits and intrusive inspections on  Iran's nuclear program so it cannot develop a nuclear weapon, and our  intelligence community tells us it is working. That is very important  to the security of our allies and the security of the whole world.   The Iran nuclear deal is a negotiated solution designed to prevent  Iran from developing nuclear weapons, and it was accomplished without  resorting to military action. The deal is the product of putting  diplomacy first. That is good for the security of the United States,  good for our allies, and good for the world.   Mike Pompeo doesn't seem to understand that. He has called the Iran  nuclear deal a ``surrender,'' and he has said the United States should  walk away. Pompeo has even publicly contemplated regime change. How can  we expect countries to trust America's word when our chief diplomat  believes we have the right to break our word and violate international  agreements at any moment?   Think for a minute about what it would mean for negotiating any deal  with North Korea about their nuclear weapons if Mr. Pompeo is in  charge. He said we can tear up our agreement with Iran, even though  they have followed through on their part, just because Mr. Trump and  Mr. Pompeo have decided they don't like it. Who would negotiate with a  United States that has so little respect for the standing of its  promises? I cannot in good faith vote in favor of Mr. Pompeo for the  reasons I have outlined, but there is another reason I cannot vote for  him, one that is deeply personal to me.   Shortly after the Boston Marathon attack, then-Congressman Pompeo  accused Muslim leaders of being silent about the bombing and even said  they were potentially complicit in the attack. After the marathon  bombings, all of Boston grieved together, including our Muslim  leaders. Our Muslim communities helped Massachusetts emerge stronger  and more united. To suggest otherwise is insulting to the Boston  Marathon bombing victims and to our Muslim American brothers and  sisters. When he was shown to be wrong, Mike Pompeo refused to  apologize. His comments were ignorant, offensive, and just plain wrong.  They certainly aren't the words of someone who is fit to be America's  chief diplomat.    But there is more. Mike Pompeo's longstanding attacks on the LGBTQ  community also make him unfit to serve as Secretary of State. He  supported legislation in Congress to allow States not to recognize  equal marriage, and he relied on financial contributions from hateful  groups like the Family Research Council. His public record paints a  deeply disturbing world view.   The risk posed by this nomination is magnified because Mike Pompeo  would be teaming up with John Bolton, President Trump's new National  Security Advisor. John Bolton has never met a war he didn't like, and  Mike Pompeo supported Bolton's disastrous Iraq War. Together, Mike  Pompeo and John Bolton will fan the flames of war in President Trump's  foreign policy because they both embrace military solutions first.   I hope that, if confirmed, Mr. Pompeo will take real steps to  prioritize diplomacy, to improve morale at the State Department, and to  fill key diplomatic positions that have been vacant for far too long.  But at a time when we are facing enormous global challenges, the State  Department needs a leader who will put diplomacy first to solve  problems and to protect our national security. Mike Pompeo is not that  leader. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against his nomination.   I yield the floor.   