 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan  legislation, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Innovation  Act and I'm very proud to have Representative Susan Brooks as my  partner. This legislation is the product of negotiation and compromise  between the House and the Senate and I'm pleased that my colleagues  were able to reach agreement on a bill that ensures our nation is  prepared to respond to a wide range of public health emergencies,  whether man-made or occurring through a natural disaster or infectious  disease.   In 2001 our nation endured the horrific attacks on September 11th and  the anthrax attacks that followed shortly thereafter. Congress realized  that our country was not prepared to coordinate responses to mass  casualty events or chemical attacks, and in 2006, I wrote legislation  with then-Representative Richard Burr to address these shortfalls. That  important legislation, the original Pandemic and All-Hazards  Preparedness Act, was signed into law the same year.   The Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Innovation Act we're  considering today is critical to our national security. The legislation  updates the original PAHPA by directing federal agencies to respond to  new and emerging threats, and strengthens our nation's existing  preparedness and response programs. The reauthorization meets the  challenges that we face today and those we anticipate facing in the  future.   Events over the past few years including Zika, the reemergence of  Ebola, and the constant looming threat of a biological attack by  another nation or hostile non-state enemies underscore the real threats  our country continues to face. In 2017, our nation experienced the most  destructive hurricane season in recent memory, followed quickly by the  most deadly flu season in decades. This year, parts of our country have  already faced devastating hurricanes and the season is not over yet.  Our experience with each of these hazards reminds us that our country  is not yet adequately prepared to deal with potentially devastating  widespread public health crises. That's why this legislation is so  critical.   The legislation provides the authorization and federal resources to  invest in programs that allow the Biomedical Advanced Research and  Development Authority to maintain its nimble and flexible framework  while responding to the existing and emerging threats our country may  face. It also directs BARDA to address antimicrobial resistance which  is critical to our nation's biodefense If we have a chemical or  biological attack that leaves individuals with burns or open wounds,  the medical countermeasures BARDA has developed to treat that attack  will be useless if those injured contract secondary antibiotic  resistant infections.   BARDA was created by my original legislation and has been extremely  successful in investing in drugs that are needed to be stockpiled, and  where the federal government is the only customer. There is no other  market for these products and that's why BARDA is so important. BARDA  has worked with over 190 partners and brought 35 medical  countermeasures through research and development to FDA approval No  private company has a track record that compares to what BARDA has  accomplished in just over 10 years.   This bill restores multiyear appropriations for the Project BioShield  Special Reserve Fund. My original legislation provided advanced  appropriations for Project BioShield for the purpose of accelerating  the research, development, purchase, and availability of effective  medical countermeasures against biological, chemical, radiological, and  nuclear (CBRN) threats. Restoring multiyear appropriations offers our  partners with the government the certainty they need to invest in these  important medical countermeasures which are a matter of national  security. I urge the appropriators to fully fund the multiyear  appropriations this legislation authorizes.   I'm proud that our legislation incorporates many provisions that were  important to Members in both the Republican Conference, the Democratic  Caucus, and to our colleagues in the Senate, to meet the needs of  vulnerable communities during natural and manmade disasters.   The legislation also reauthorizes the HHS National Advisory Committee  on Children and Disasters and authorizes the Children's Preparedness  Unit at the CDC. This is critically important to address the persistent  gaps in our nation's preparedness and response for the most vulnerable  in many crises, our nation's children   The bill also establishes an Advisory Council for People with  Disabilities and an Advisory Council on Seniors to focus on the needs  of these special populations during a public health emergency.   It includes a proposal to prioritize bringing nursing homes back onto  the power grid at the same time as hospitals after a disaster.   It includes provisions related to regional health partnerships,  pregnant and postpartum women and environmental health.   I'm proud of this legislation and I urge my colleagues to support the  Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Innovation Act.   