 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding  and, once again, for her tremendous leadership on so many issues as our  ranking member.   Now, I serve as a member of the Appropriations and the Budget  Committees, and I rise in strong opposition to this rule and the  continuing resolution.   I just want to make one comment before I start my statement with  regard to what was just said about Democrats shutting down the  government.   First of all, there is no way that Democrats are voting to shut down  the government, given the fact that the Republicans control the House,  the Senate, and the White House. The numbers just aren't there for  Democrats to do this. So I hope that people on the other side-- Republicans and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle--will be  honest about that because there is no way, given the numbers and given  the composition of the House, the Senate, and the White House, that  Democrats can do that.   This bill kicks the can down the road for the fourth time, mind you,  since October.   Republicans control, again, as I said, the three bodies: the House,  the Senate, White House. The least they could do is honor the basic  responsibility of being in the majority, and that is to keep the  government open.   Sadly, they continue to drive this country to the brink of one  avoidable, self-inflicted crisis after another.   This short-term resolution ignores--ignores--urgent bipartisan  priorities that Democrats have been pushing for months with  Republicans, the most urgent of which is passing a clean Dream Act.  DACA recipients are American in every way except on paper, and right  now, their lives are hanging in the balance. Every day Congress fails  to take action, 122 DACA recipients lose their protections. It is time  to put politics aside and pass a clean Dream Act immediately.   Mr. Speaker, this continuing resolution is really irresponsible and  it is morally bankrupt. It fails to honor the temporary protected  status for immigrants. It fails to raise budget caps equally for  defense and nondefense spending. It fails to fund community health  centers. It neglects to provide desperately needed funding for  hurricane- and wildfire-impacted communities, the opioid epidemic,  community health centers, and our veterans.   This bill underscores the majority's complete lack of regard for  everyday Americans and struggling families.   Continuing resolutions leave the American people out on a limb with  no confidence, mind you, in their Federal Government. This resolution  makes it clear that is just what Republicans want to do. The American  people sent us to Congress to govern in their best interest.  Unfortunately, this CR is just the opposite. It is completely  irresponsible.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, this CR does nothing--nothing--to help create  jobs, better wages, and ultimately a better future for our children and  our families.   It is really clear to me that the delay on this bill is because some  House Republicans are in Pennsylvania. I was shocked when I learned  this. They are in Pennsylvania with the President at a political rally.   What is that about?   They should be here in Washington, D.C., to do their job. Shame on  them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this rule and the bill.   