 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule  to make in order the Quigley amendment to prevent the Russians from  interfering in American elections.    Mr. Speaker, I support fair and humane enforcement of  our immigration laws, but that is not what this resolution is about. It  is nothing but a ploy to distract us from critical issues facing our  country.   A most urgent issue now is the need to reunify thousands of children,  including babies, who were forcefully torn from their parents' arms at  the border. Despite court orders requiring reunification, more than  2,000 remain separated from their parents.   This bill does nothing to address that humanitarian crisis, a crisis  created by President Trump's so-called zero-tolerance policy.   The bill does nothing, for example, to more quickly reunify children  like Jefferson, a 6-year-old boy taken from his father after traveling  together from Guatemala, seeking asylum. They were kept apart for  almost 2 heart-wrenching months.   When they were finally reunified 3 days ago, the traumatic effects of  the separation were clear. Jefferson was unemotional, with a vacant  look in his eyes. He thought, for those 2 excruciating months, that his  father no longer loved him or that he was dead.   Jefferson had a cough, bruises, and a rash all over his body. It is  not clear whether Jefferson will ever fully recover emotionally.   There are many more kids like Jefferson who remain separated from  their parents.   As Members of Congress, we can't sit on the sidelines as witnesses to  government-sponsored child abuse. We must take concrete steps to end  this tragedy and pass legislation to prevent it from ever happening  again, and this resolution doesn't do that. This resolution does not  even acknowledge the plight of babies separated from their mothers, nor  does it make any recommendations for family reunification.   This resolution is nothing more than a feeble attempt at political  gamesmanship. The resolution shows the Republican majority is unwilling  to solve our immigration crisis, just as they are unwilling to tackle  rising healthcare costs, wage stagnation, a pending trade war, and the  President's lovefest with Russia.   With a little more than a week left before the August recess, the  Republican majority is more interested in political games than actually  governing.   Rather than doing anything meaningful for the American people, we are  wasting our time on a political stunt. It is just shameful. I refuse to  play this game. I intend to vote ``present'' on this meaningless  resolution and urge my colleagues to do the same.   