 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to voice my opposition to the  nomination of Andrew Wheeler to be Deputy Administrator for the  Environmental Protection Agency.   The Senators standing up this afternoon to fight this nomination are  not just opposing Mr. Wheeler. We are trying to shine a light on the  fact that this administration has one of the worst environmental  records in history. And you don't have to take my word for it because  this unprecedented assault on our Nation's bedrock environmental laws  has drawn strong criticism from former Democrat and Republican  Environmental Protection Agency Administrators.   The American public overwhelmingly supports the laws and regulations  that protect our air and water. And my constituents don't buy the false  trade-off between protecting the environment and jobs. To them they  come hand in hand. The facts on the ground have proven that these are  red herring arguments.   There are so many examples of how this administration's disdain for  science has led them to try to undo decades of progress on the  environment. I want to focus on three issues that are particularly  damaging and serve as an indication of why Mr. Wheeler's nomination and  record are so troubling.   First is the example of Mr. Wheeler lobbying on behalf of fossil fuel  interests. My concern is that Mr. Wheeler would have a prominent role  in reviewing the air pollution rules that govern coal plants, rules  that he got paid millions of dollars to help attack.   A number of press reports have exposed how one of Mr. Wheeler's  biggest lobbying clients, Murray Energy, was a driving force behind  Secretary Perry's ill-considered resilience proposal. That proposal  ignored the Energy Department's own staff report and was an attempt to  try to say that coal was the only reliable source of energy for the  electricity grid, which would have forced citizens to pay more on their  utility bills. They said that is a wrong conclusion. And it was a  transparent attempt to try to prop up one of the administration's  favorite energy sources, which really would have made everything more  expensive for consumers and certainly would have changed the focus of  what we need to do to decarbonize our energy system.   But the biggest problem here was how the proposal would have hit  consumers, as I said, with billions of dollars in added costs. Bailing  out old coal plants wasn't just bad policy; it was a breathtaking raid  on consumer pocketbooks. The regional grid manager found that the  Secretary's proposal would nearly double the cost of wholesale energy  in the Nation's largest electricity market.   Fortunately, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission unanimously  rejected this proposal. But if Mr. Wheeler comes to EPA as the No. 2,  what other misguided proposals like this are they going to propose or  try to fight, even though the science within the own agencies says they  are wrongheaded? How much time will we have to waste exposing these bad  ideas? We should instead be making investments in policy and  infrastructure that will help us be more competitive in the future.   I am also troubled by the administration's backward view on how the  United States can achieve so-called energy dominance by focusing more  on coal. In my assessment, the days of this strategy are numbered.   Selling away our cheap natural gas to foreign buyers. Or eking a  little more life out of our grandfathered coal plants. Or drilling, as  the administration has proposed, in every part of the United States and  off our shores, is not the way to be competitive for the future. I am  concerned that Mr. Wheeler holds and will support these backward views.   When he was criticizing the Paris Climate Agreement, he called it a  ``sweetheart deal'' for China because it gave them a manufacturing  edge, but he really got it backwards.   That is because China itself has been investing in renewable energy.  By 2040, it will have invested over $6 trillion in clean energy  technologies, according to the International Energy Agency. China also  adopted a 5-year solar energy plan calling for 105 gigawatts of solar  capacity by 2020. They have proposed an aggressive stance moving  forward, and I want to make sure that U.S. companies who have great  technology get a fair crack at making investments there and  particularly in the area of energy efficiency, which is already  accounting for about a $2.2 trillion investment in 2016.    So we know that we can move forward on a cleaner energy economy, and  we want to know that we have the leadership that are going to support  this critical transition. I am perhaps most troubled that, during his  confirmation hearing, Mr. Wheeler refused to acknowledge the  indisputable reality that humans are the cause of dangerous  accumulation of greenhouse gases.   The fact that greenhouse gases are going to warm our planet and cause  acidity in our oceans is something my State knows well.   In Washington, climate change has serious consequences for human  health and our economy. Climate change has resulted in extreme weather  patterns, putting lives and property in danger. It has impacted water  quality, and it has caused other impacts to our salmon and shellfish  industries, big parts of our seafood economy. Climate change has  created drought conditions, has jeopardized our farm economy, and it is  even changing the chemistry of Puget Sound.   Mr. President, responding to climate change is more than just an  environmental issue. It is an economic imperative.   Senator Collins and I requested from the Government Accountability  Office an analysis about the full costs of climate change.   That is because, after seeing how it impacted us with fires, how it  impacted our shellfish industry, how it impacted so much of our  coastline, we wanted to know how much climate is costing taxpayers.  Well, the GAO report said it will cost taxpayers more than $1 trillion  in the next 10 to 15 years.   So I know that Mr. Wheeler thinks this may not be part of his day  job, but rolling back strong environmental laws that help us move  forward will put us further and further behind and cost us billions of  dollars more than we need to be paying.   We need to uphold these critical environmental standards and laws  that protect our clean air and clean water so that we can make  progress, so that we can diversify our economy, and so that we can make  the right investments.   I believe Mr. Wheeler is the wrong choice for this position. I think  he is the wrong person to help us meet those standards.   We need a Deputy Administrator who isn't there trying to just jam  coal down the throats of American consumers and businesses, but rather  advocating for the next generation of Americans, who will need to be  able to compete and compete in a cost-effective way.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting no on Andrew Wheeler to be  the Deputy Administrator at EPA.   I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.   