 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at  the desk.    I am opposed in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to  the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If  adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as  amended.   Mr. Speaker, my motion will make this bill much better. It is going  to delay this legislation from going into effect until we clean up one  of the messes caused by the Republican tax scam, the big giveaway to  the richest few in this country at the expense of most Americans.   Now, listen to this. The 2018 Medicare trustee report predicts that  the Medicare trust fund will be depleted in 2026--3 years earlier than  predicted in last year's report.   Now, Mr. Speaker, why is this? Not a big surprise. The $2.3 trillion  Republican tax cut for the benefit of corporations and billionaires has  shortchanged the longevity of the fund that pays for the healthcare of  58 million seniors. It is called Medicare, a program that celebrates  its 53rd year anniversary this month, a system that seniors have spent  a lifetime paying into.   Just ask Eve in my hometown of West Palm Beach who relies on skilled  nursing care, like the 1.8 million Eves in this country; or Irving in  Delray, who had his prostate removed. Like Irving, 6.6 Americans rely  on Medicare to pay for their hospital visits every year.   Medicare helps to keep our grandmothers and grandfathers healthy and  repair them when they are sick. It allows men and women who raised  families and built their country to retire in dignity without paying  every last dollar for their needed well-care visit, their blood  pressure medicine, or their hip replacement.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to do the right thing for the folks  whom we love and who love us, take the time to fix this legislation,  and put the money back into the Medicare trust fund, that was cruelly-- I say cruelly--stolen by the Republican tax scam, the giveaway to the  richest 1 percent and the big corporate interests.   Let's keep Medicaid alive and well. Please support this motion to  recommit.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   