 Mr. President, last week, millions of people were glued  to their screens as Dr. Christine Blasey Ford testified before the  Senate Judiciary Committee. Dr. Ford's account of the most traumatic  event of her life was harrowing. The pain of retelling this story was  evident, and she did it for no personal gain whatsoever. In fact, her  life has been turned upside down as a result of her decision to come  forward. The courage she showed is remarkable. Dr. Ford's testimony was  credible and compelling. I believe Dr. Ford.   Judge Kavanaugh's testimony was very different. He spent more than 40  minutes ranting, raving, and pedaling fact-free partisan conspiracy  theories, and then he proceeded to insult Senators, to scream at the  people who had the nerve to question him. He evaded some questions and  gave obviously false answers to others. It was a performance that would  have been right at home on talk radio or in a Republican primary  campaign or at a Donald Trump rally, but it was delivered by a judge  who is asking the Senate to confirm him to a lifetime appointment to a  completely nonpolitical position as the swing vote on the U.S. Supreme  Court.   It is the job of the Senate to decide whether or not to confirm Judge  Kavanaugh. Senators must vote yes or vote no on elevating him to a  lifetime appointment on the Federal bench. It is not a criminal trial.  Nobody is entitled to a lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court. If  he is not confirmed, Brett Kavanaugh would still be serving as a  Federal judge on the second highest court in the United States, and the  President, I am sure, will nominate another candidate for this job.   For these reasons, I believe that Dr. Ford's credible allegations and  Judge Kavanaugh's partisan, venomous rants are sufficient reasons to  vote no on his nomination.   Now, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle saw the same  hearing. They watched Dr. Ford sit through hours of testimony. They  heard her when she clearly and unequivocally said she was 100 percent  sure that Brett Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her, and they watched  Judge Kavanaugh demonstrate to the world that he lacks the temperament  and the truthfulness to sit on the Nation's highest Court.   For those Senators who don't care that Judge Kavanaugh thinks the  multiple sexual assault allegations he  [[Page S6523]]  faces must be ``revenge on behalf of the Clintons,'' who simply aren't  sure whether those credible allegations are a sufficient reason to vote  no, and who would like to see more evidence, the sensible course of  action has always been obvious--a serious, nonpartisan FBI  investigation to uncover the truth as best we can to make sure we are  as informed as we can be before we have to vote. But that is not what  has happened.   First, instead of taking Dr. Ford seriously, Mitch McConnell  scheduled a committee vote on Judge Kavanaugh's nomination the next  day. He suspended the Senate vote only when it became clear that  Republicans wouldn't have the votes they needed if they tried to ram  the nomination through the Senate right at that moment.   Then the President offered the smallest fig leaf of an FBI  investigation. Now, I have just come from the secure room where the  summaries of FBI interviews and other FBI-generated documents were made  available.   Senators have been muzzled. So I will now say three things that  committee staff has explained are permissible to say without violating  committee rules--statements that I have also independently verified as  accurate.   One, this was not a full and fair investigation. It was sharply  limited in scope and did not explore the relevant confirming facts.   Two, the available documents do not exonerate Mr. Kavanaugh.   Three, the available documents contradict statements Mr. Kavanaugh  made under oath.   I would like to back up these three points with explicit statements  from the FBI documents--explicit statements that should be available  for the American people to see, but the Republicans have locked the  documents behind closed doors with no plans to inform the American  public of any new information about the Kavanaugh nomination.   The Kavanaugh nomination was a sham, and that is the President's  fault because the President is the one who limited the scope of this  investigation, who refused to allow it to continue for more than a few  days, and who refused to ensure that the FBI completed a thorough  investigation, including interviews with all relevant witnesses. The  statements the President made about the scope of the investigation were  false. If that wasn't bad enough, the President has viciously attacked  Dr. Ford for bravely coming forward to tell her story. How could any  Senator accept this sham?    It is clear the fix is in. Republicans want to confirm Judge  Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, and they will ignore, suppress, or  shout down any inconvenient facts that might give the American people  pause about this nomination. Republicans are playing politics with the  Supreme Court, and they are willing to step on anyone, including the  victim of a vicious sexual assault in order to advance their agenda.   Judge Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to the highest Court in our  country is the results of a decades-long assault of our Judiciary,  launched by billionaires and giant corporations who want to control  every branch of government. For years, those wealthy and well-connected  people have invested massive sums of money into shaping our courts to  fit their liking. Working in partnership with their Republican buddies  in Congress, they have executed a two-part campaign to capture our  courts.   Part 1: Stop fair-minded, mainstream judges from getting confirmed to  serve on the Federal courts.   Part 2: Flood Federal courts with narrow-minded, pro-corporate  individuals who will tilt the courts in favor of the rich and powerful  and against women, workers, people of color, low-income Americans,  LGBTQ individuals, people with disabilities, Native Americans,  students, and everyone who doesn't have money or power right here in  Washington.   With Trump in the White House and Congress controlled by Republicans,  the wealthy and well-connected have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to  control our courts for the next generation.   During his Presidential campaign, President Trump made it clear that  rightwing, pro-corporate groups would not only have a voice in  selecting Supreme Court Justices, they would get to handpick their  favorites. So those groups handed him a list of their top picks for the  Supreme Court, and President Trump has picked judges exclusively from  that list.   His most recent selection is Judge Brett Kavanaugh. There are a lot  of reasons to oppose Judge Kavanaugh's nomination. I want to discuss  three of them: His record, the broken and biased confirmation process,  and the allegations of sexual assault.   Let's start with Judge Kavanaugh's record. Judge Kavanaugh has spent  12 years on the DC Circuit Court. His rulings demonstrate why radical,  rightwing groups and their friends in the Senate are so eager to give  him a seat on the Supreme Court. Pick an issue--almost any issue--and  there is ample reason to be alarmed.   One is a woman's right to make her own healthcare decisions. When the  Trump administration sought to block a young immigrant woman's right to  access abortion care, Judge Kavanaugh sided with the government,  claiming that allowing the woman, who had done everything necessary to  obtain access to an abortion, should be further delayed in obtaining  that care--a delay that would likely have prevented her from obtaining  an abortion.   When religious organizations challenged the contraceptive care  requirement of the Affordable Care Act, Judge Kavanaugh again opposed  access to reproductive care, arguing that requiring religious  nonprofits to submit a simple form allowing them to opt out of  providing comprehensive contraceptive coverage but ensuring that the  employees had access to that care was unconstitutional.   On consumer protection, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau, the agency that stands up for Americans  cheated by corporate criminals, is unconstitutional.   On environmental safety, he has ruled to overturn the rules that help  keep dangerous toxins out of the air we breathe and the water we drink.   On voting rights, he upheld South Carolina's discriminatory voter ID  laws.   On gun safety, he dissented from an opinion upholding an assault  weapons ban and a gun registration requirement. In speeches on gun  safety, he admitted that most lower court judges disagree with his  extreme position on the Second Amendment.   On money in politics, he wrote an opinion that would permit foreign  individuals to spend unlimited sums of money on issue ads in the U.S.  elections.   Oh, and when it comes to Presidential power and the rule of law,  Judge Kavanaugh believes that sitting Presidents shouldn't be subjected  to personal, civil, or criminal investigations while they are in  office. That is very convenient for the current occupant of the Oval  Office.   That is just the part of Judge Kavanaugh's record that we know about,  and that raises the second reason Judge Kavanaugh should not be  confirmed to the Supreme Court: the secretive process that Republicans  have used to advance his nomination. From the moment President Trump  announced Judge Kavanaugh's nomination, Republicans have worked  overtime to get him on the Supreme Court without giving Senators--or  the American people--a meaningful opportunity to examine his full  record.   Senate Republicans have played an elaborate game of ``hide the ball''  at every step of this process. Judge Kavanaugh spent many years in  government, but the Republicans have refused even to request hundreds  of thousands of documents from his time in service. They have  designated other documents as ``committee confidential'' to hide them  from the public. To top it off, just days before Judge Kavanaugh was  scheduled to come before the Senate Judiciary Committee, a Bush White  House attorney announced that over 100,000 documents from Judge  Kavanaugh's time in the White House Counsel's Office would be withheld  on the basis of constitutional privilege.   A few years ago, President Obama nominated Elena Kagan to the Supreme  Court. Like Judge Kavanaugh, she had served in public office. Unlike  the Kavanaugh confirmation process, the Kagan process included the  release of nearly every document related to her time in service. In  fact, no one has found an example of so much of a nominee's record in  government being hidden from the Senate and hidden from  [[Page S6524]]  the public as in Judge Kavanaugh's case.   The rushed and secretive process that has characterized Judge  Kavanaugh's nomination raises this question: What is he hiding? Why  doesn't he insist that his record be made public? Why doesn't he want a  full investigation of the sexual assault claims made against him? Why  won't Republicans insist on transparency and a meaningful  investigation?   Evidently, neither Judge Kavanaugh nor the Senate Republicans care  about the facts.   Judge Kavanaugh has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple  women. Dr. Christine Blasey Ford and Deborah Ramirez shared their  stories of sexual assault at the hands of Judge Kavanaugh and risked  their safety and the safety of their families to do so.   Instead of making sure that these allegations are thoroughly  investigated so the Senators and the public can make judgments based on  facts, Republicans launched a campaign to attack and discredit these  courageous women. Donald Trump openly mocked Dr. Ford at a political  rally, and the Republicans have made clear that their one and only goal  is to get Judge Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court. In fact, just last  week, Mitch McConnell told a group of conservatives: ``Don't get  rattled by all of this. We're going to plow right through it.''   Plow right through it? Really?   Americans are tired of the powerful plowing right through everyone  else to get what they want. There is a reason that so many women and  men have come out in droves to support Dr. Ford and Ms. Ramirez. It is  because people are tired of being ignored and silenced.   Judge Kavanaugh and his Republican sponsors don't want to talk about  the facts in this case. But let's talk about a few other facts. Over 80  percent of women and 40 percent of men have experienced sexual  harassment or assault; 7 out of 10 sexual assaults are committed by  someone the victim knows.   The vast majority of sexual assaults--about two out of three--are  never reported to the police. Why? Because survivors fear retaliation  or they believe that the police will not or can't do anything to help  or they think it is a personal matter or they confide in someone other  than the police or they believe it is not serious enough to report or  they don't want to get the perpetrator in trouble.   Last week, as Dr. Ford testified before Congress, the National Sexual  Assault Hotline saw a 147-percent increase in calls from people seeking  help. We have a problem of sexual harassment and sexual violence in  America. The problem isn't that too many victims are coming forward  with fabricated stories to destroy someone's life; it is that too many  survivors are afraid to come forward at all.   They believe they will not be heard or taken seriously or they think  more about the impact on the perpetrator than their own safety and  well-being or they think that people with power--the ones who can  actually do something--will instead ``plow right through'' them.   We never hear the stories of millions of sexual assault survivors.  But some make the very difficult and very personal decision to come  forward and tell their stories. They, like all survivors, are  courageous, and they deserve to be heard and treated with respect--not  dismissed, not attacked, not threatened.   The record, the process, the allegations--whichever way you slice  this--should lead to only one result: Members of this Chamber should  vote no on Judge Kavanaugh. Our country deserves better.   I yield the floor.   