 Mr. Speaker, the Keep Families Together Act is the only  bill that is a real solution to the human tragedy of abuses of  children, of family separation at our border. This bill prohibits the  separation of children from their parents; limits criminal prosecutions  for asylum seekers; and requires DHS to reunite children and parents,  something that the Trump administration has no plan for.   Mr. Speaker, the Keep Families Together Act is the bill we should be  sending to the President's desk for signature, not H.R. 6136. H.R. 6136  does absolutely nothing to address the abuses of children, and I want  to make it clear that it actually makes things worse.   Does anybody really believe that incarcerating children with their  parents is the solution to family separation? or making children more  vulnerable to trafficking? or eliminating basic requirements for  confinement, like clean water and toilets?   Mr. Speaker, 11 days ago, I met with mothers detained in a Federal  prison after cruelly being separated from their children, and one of  the mothers told me how she made the devastating decision to leave her  blind child behind and take her other child to safety because she knew  that the blind child would not be able to make this journey.   These mothers and fathers are making impossible choices to come here  to this country seeking safety, and H.R. 6136 does nothing to reunite  these children, screaming ``Mama'' and ``Papi,'' with their parents.  The best case scenario is that they would be incarcerated in a family  prison camp.   The President is responsible for this tragedy, and he has not  reversed this policy. DHS has said that they don't even know where this  child is.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6136 does not even address the crisis of Dreamers.  I believe my colleague from the great State of Washington when he says  he wants to fix that.    But, in fact, this locks 82 percent of Dreamers out of  citizenship, while dismantling the family immigration system and  revoking approved petitions for 3 million family members who have paid  fees and waited for years.   This is not a moderate bill. It is wrong.   Let's stand up for these children. Let's bring the Keep Families  Together Act to the floor for a vote. Let us stand up for America.   