 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my  amendment, which calls for a study on how the Army Corps of Engineers  evaluates projects to advance flood control, hurricane and storm damage  reduction, and promote water quality.   I thank my colleague, Mr. Babin, for his work on this amendment with  me, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their hard work  and collegiality in bringing this bill forward with us today.   The study in my amendment will look at how the Corps currently  calculates the benefits of potential projects and how they can improve  the calculation so that more worthwhile projects are approved.  Specifically, the amendment tasks the National Academy of Sciences to  study whether or not the Corps calculates the total benefits of a Corps  project and considers them in evaluating the cost benefit of smaller  segments or projects within that larger project. At the moment, it is  unclear if the Corps can or cannot do this.   Can the Corps count the benefits of a larger overall project and  apply them to the benefit cost of a smaller segment of that, that is  smaller in scope?   Can the Corps always measure individual pieces of a project for  justification purposes?   These are questions that need real answers.   Mr. Chairman, I raise this amendment today because this is a problem  that affects cities and towns in my State and, frankly, across the  country. In Connecticut, we have rivers that crisscross the State,  leaving many of our communities subject to flooding.   Over the last 150 years, the city of Meriden has experienced 11 100- year floods, and the two most recent in the 1990s caused $26 million of  property damage. The good news is that this flooding is preventable by  implementing flood prevention and mitigation efforts, which will  protect life and property.   The city of Meriden has been working for 20 years on trying to get  help from the Federal Government. It came to the Corps looking for  help. At this  [[Page H4818]]  point, it has completed many portions of this project. It came to the  Corps to ask for help with a feasibility study. They were told they  could not. The Corps said, We cannot look at that because we can only  look at this segment, we can't look at the benefit of the overall  project.   This is not serving our community well, and it is, frankly, not  serving other communities well either. So we want to ask the National  Academy of Sciences to look at the overall benefit.   Budgets are tight. Everybody is bringing something to the table.  Cities and States and the Federal Government need to do its charge. So  we are asking this body to approve this measure to have the National  Academy of Sciences look at, in fact, what does the Corps do, how can  they do it better, and how can they leverage together the resources to  help our cities and towns?   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I think it will be  very useful to know what the Corps, in fact, does in each and every  district, and then, together, find a better way to move forward.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to  support this worthwhile amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   