 Mr. President, I rise today to express my strong concern  about Judge Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme Court. In  particular, I want to discuss today his troubling record on the  environment and what that means for people's health.   Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated that he simply doesn't believe that  existing law allows new environmental threats to be addressed via any  sort of regulation. I am talking about existing law designed to protect  human health and our environment.   When you take a look at Judge Kavanaugh's record, one thing becomes  abundantly clear: Judge Kavanaugh has tried to weaken Clean Air Act  protections even though the act controls pollutants such as smog and  carbon monoxide, which contribute to asthma, heart attacks, and even  premature deaths. They put our health at risk.   In a 2012 case, Judge Kavanaugh authored an opinion that found the  EPA had exceeded its authority when the Agency directed upwind States  to literally stop blowing smoke onto their downwind neighbors. The good  news is that the Supreme Court was more sensible than Judge Kavanaugh.  Justices Kennedy and Roberts joined four others in a 6-to-2 decision to  overturn Judge Kavanaugh's lower court ruling. Writing for the  majority, Justice Ginsburg found that the EPA does have the power to  act to protect people's health. I agree with the Supreme Court's 2012  decision, and so do most Americans. An April 2018 poll found that 75  percent of Americans support even stricter limits on smog.   What Judge Kavanaugh particularly doesn't like is that the Clean Air  Act specifically gives the Environmental Protection Agency the right-- the duty, even--to regulate new pollutants that threaten people's  health. He has objected to using the law to establish new programs to  reduce mercury--a potent toxin that harms developing brains. In 2014,  Judge Kavanaugh lashed out at tough standards for mercury--a toxin that  has been found to harm children's development.   Judge Kavanaugh's narrow view of the Clean Air Act could be extremely  damaging to our efforts to address climate change by regulating  greenhouse gases. Although the act does not mention greenhouse gases by  name, the Supreme Court has held that the EPA does have the power to  regulate them. In fact, the Court held that the act requires the EPA to  address any air pollutants that are found to endanger human health. But  Judge Kavanaugh still seems to have a problem with adding new  pollutants to that list. This is even though Judge Kavanaugh claims to  believe what virtually every scientist tells us: that manmade climate  change is real and is an enormous threat to our planet and to our  health. But merely accepting climate science is too low a bar because  even if Judge Kavanaugh believes in the urgent challenge of climate  change, he doesn't seem to believe there is an urgent need to address  it, as his record demonstrates.   Over the next few decades, the Supreme Court will have many  opportunities to weigh in on how our government can work to protect our  environment, particularly regarding climate change.   And the stakes are high: Scientists tell us that in order to avoid  dangerous global warming, we must reduce our carbon dioxide emissions  to zero sometime between 2050 and 2065. But in 2018, global carbon  emissions are still increasing, not decreasing.   At the same time, President Trump is attempting to backpedal on every  commitment our country has made toward fighting global warming. He is  pulling us out of the Paris climate agreement. He is pulling back the  Clean Power Plan. He is looking for ways to force utilities to keep  expensive coal plants online--a move that would cost Americans billions  of dollars in increased electricity bills.   All of these moves will hurt the environment and harm the health of  Americans, and in each case, Judge Kavanaugh's record shows that he is  likely to act as nothing but an enabler.   My State of Minnesota is already experiencing the cost of climate  change. The rains in Minnesota are growing more intense, leading to  increased damage from flooding. As our winters grow milder and our  summers warmer, plant and human diseases are spreading. Many scientists  predict that the forests in my State will retreat rapidly, leaving  Minnesota looking like Kansas by the end of this century.   But it does not need to be all bad news. A rapid transition to  emissions-free energy sources is necessary to avoid the worst effects  of climate change, but this change will bring economic opportunity to  our country. We just need to rise to the challenge. In Minnesota, wind  and solar and biofuels are already potent drivers of job growth.   If Judge Kavanaugh succeeds in overturning the Federal obligation to  reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the clean energy transition in our  country will certainly slow. We will lose the competitive advantage to  China and other economic rivals in the race to develop the technology  and innovations of an affordable, clean energy future.  [[Page S4999]]    Right now, we have a President who pushes coal and fossil fuels  which, unless their carbon dioxide emissions are captured, must become  the energy sources of the past. President Trump's energy policy is  backward-looking and puts our economic competitiveness at risk. But  presidents serve only for a term or two, which brings us back again to  Judge Kavanaugh.   Hopefully, we will be able to recover from the backward environmental  policies of the Trump administration. But Supreme Court Justices serve  for life, so we cannot afford a Justice who is hostile to our  environment and to human health. We cannot afford a Justice who rejects  actions to fight climate change. We just don't have the time.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   