 Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a true  American hero, my friend and colleague Senator John McCain.   To know John was to know a man who was fiercely devoted to his  family, his constituents, and his country. My thoughts and prayers are  with his family and loved ones during this difficult time.   As a nation, we all share in the sense of emptiness his passing has  left behind, but we also share a profound sense of gratitude for the  life John lived and the legacy of service and unwavering commitment he  has left us to cherish.   Many Americans felt a personal connection to John McCain. Our men and  women in uniform always knew he was on their side; he was one of them.  John understood better than anyone what it meant to send people into  combat. So much of his work in the Senate was devoted to making sure  our troops got the training, equipment, and pay that they deserved.   Last year, I had the honor of traveling with John on one of his final  trips to the Middle East. I had the chance to see how deeply revered he  was by everyone in uniform. They all knew the story--how John McCain,  the war hero, spent nearly 6 years as a prisoner of war in North  Vietnam; how, when offered abrupt release less than a year after his  Navy jet was shot out of the air, John McCain refused to be released  while his brothers were still in captivity; how he was isolated,  tortured, and beaten so badly that he carried the physical consequences  of his loyalty to our country with him for the rest of his life; how he  could have avoided it all but endured out of love and loyalty to his  fellow servicemembers.   Yeah, they knew the story and every single servicemember we saw  treated John like a celebrity rockstar, and that is because he was.   John was a deeply principled man. I had the honor of working with  John closely in the fight to reinstate Glass Steagall, and boy, was it  a fight. Throughout the entire battle, John would always tease me about  pulling my weight in ``getting this thing done,'' as he would say.  ``Show some fight, girl,'' ``Don't tell me you're afraid. Get in  there--throw some punches.'' That was John's approach in life: If  you're going to be in a fight, you had better give it your all.   Don't get me wrong: John and I disagreed on many things and sometimes  quite forcefully, but even when we disagreed, I always respected that  his heart was focused on doing what he thought was best for the  American people. I remember expressing to John my views on the most  effective strategy in Iraq and Afghanistan, that there are simply some  problems that cannot be solved through military action alone, we can't  simply fight our way to peace and we need to bring our troops home.  Respectfully, John would disagree and proceed to energetically walk me  through why he believed in the benefits of staying longer.   Democrat or Republican, foreign leader or President of the United  States, John McCain would go toe-to-toe with anyone to fight for what  he thought was right. He applied these principles to his service to our  country, in his commitment to the people of Arizona, and his abiding  love and defense of the American people. At a time when character and  integrity are under siege, the entire Nation mourns the loss of a  public servant who lived his life with courage and conviction.   John ran the Armed Services Committee with an iron fist, but also  with a respect for the importance of bipartisanship and a basic sense  of fairness no one could ever ignore. If you came to the table, ready,  prepared to work, John made sure you were heard. There were so many  occasions where John would jump in while I was questioning a witness  because he was listening and hear how my questions were being dodged  and disregarded. His admonishment to the witness was like a whip: ``If  you can't come up with better answers what are you here for?''   I count it a blessing to have had the honor to serve with Senator  John McCain in the U.S. Senate. If there ever was a true American  patriot, John McCain was that patriot. I will miss his strength, I will  miss his maverick spirit, but most of all, I will miss his kindness.   