 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, this morning Donald Trump tweeted that  ``Democrats are holding our military hostage'' in this shutdown--just  the latest in a string of recent comments wherein he accuses Democrats  like me of not caring about our military, and it is the latest example  of his failing to show leadership, to take responsibility for leading  this Nation.   Does he even know that there are servicemembers who are in harm's way  right now watching him, looking for the Commander in Chief to show  leadership rather than to try to deflect blame, or that his own  Pentagon says that the short-term funding plans he seems intent on  pushing are actually harmful to not just the military but to our  national security?   I spent my entire adult life looking out for the well-being, the  training, and the equipping of the troops for whom I was responsible-- sadly, this is something the current occupant of the Oval Office does  not seem to care to do--and I will not be lectured about what our  military needs by a five-deferment draft dodger.   I have a message for Cadet Bones Spurs: If you cared about our  military, you would stop baiting Kim Jong Un into a war that could put  85,000 American troops and millions of innocent civilians in danger.   Last night, after the lights had been turned out in the White House  and the President had gone to his private quarters, I voted to better  train and equip our troops, to stop wasting taxpayers' dollars with yet  another CR. I voted to make sure that our military men and women--who  are standing on the line in the DMZ, who are in Iraq and Afghanistan,  across Africa, in Asia--get the help, the support, and the equipment  they need.   If the President truly cared about them, then he would stop hiding  behind his Twitter account and stop blaming everyone else. And he can  tell his party--a party that controls the House, the White House, and  the Senate--to do their job, to govern, to stop allowing the most  extreme wing of your party to prevent us from passing a long-term  funding solution that the military itself--your own leaders whom you  nominated and appointed--is asking for.   At the very least, you could ask your party to guarantee military pay  and death benefits for our servicemembers and their families so that  the troops downrange aren't putting their lives at risk overseas while  also worrying about whether they are going to be able to feed their  families or if our government will take care of those families if, God  forbid, they must make that last full measure of devotion for our  Nation.   I am so disappointed that my Republican colleagues refused to allow  us a vote for our troops last night, and I encourage them to please  reconsider that vote. Let's get to a full budget. Let's move on. We can  compromise. We can do this together. So many of the options on the  table are bipartisan. In fact, a majority of them are Republican- authored. Our troops know how to work together. They stand shoulder-to- shoulder when they protect and defend this country. We surely in these  Chambers can do the same. So let's stop blaming each other, and let's  get to work.   I will be here, as I was today, tomorrow and the day after until we  get this done. Our men and women in uniform deserve nothing less.    Thank you.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, the United States is 1 day into a  government shutdown that Senate Democrats have forced on our country.  Let's take a look at where we are.   Last night, a bipartisan majority of Senators--Republicans and  Democrats--voted to avoid this. A bipartisan majority voted to advance  a noncontroversial bill that has already passed the House and which the  President has already said he will sign.   Of course, like any compromise, this funding bill cannot be all  things to all people. But this bipartisan bill does what we need to do  right now. It ends this pointless--pointless--irresponsible shutdown,  funds the government for our troops, our veterans, and millions of  vulnerable Americans, and extends health coverage for millions of  children in low-income families.   None of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle can point to a  single thing in the bill that they oppose. Not one thing. That is why a  bipartisan majority voted for it last night. It would have passed  smoothly and been sent for the President's signature, except that the  Democratic leader took the extraordinary step of filibustering this  bipartisan bill and initiating his own government shutdown.   Why? Because, he explains, the President would not give him  everything he wants on the issue of illegal immigration in one  afternoon in the Oval Office. That is it. That is it.   The leaders from both parties have spent months negotiating long-term  fixes for immigration policy, government spending, and other important  priorities. Senators on both sides want a bipartisan solution to DACA  and other immigration issues. Senators on both sides want long-term  funding for our troops. Bipartisan, bicameral negotiations on these  matters have been under way for months.   Here is the difference between the Democratic leader and the rest of  us tonight--the difference. He wants to keep the government shut down  for hundreds of millions of Americans until we finish negotiating on  the subject of illegal immigration. He wants  [[Page S388]]  to keep the government shut down until we finish a negotiation on the  subject of illegal immigration--shutting down the government over  illegal immigration.   Look, those discussions on the immigration issue continue. We don't  have to shut down funding for our veterans, military families, opioid  centers, or anyone else who relies on the Federal Government over the  issue of illegal immigration. The occupant of the Chair is one of the  people involved on that very subject. There is a lot of interest here  on both sides of the aisle in dealing with it. But it is not an  emergency. All of these other issues, which are affected by the  government's shutdown, are emergencies, particularly the children's  healthcare issue.   Look, the American people know what is going on here. They have this  figured out. The survey this week shows that a majority of Americans  say that funding the government is more important than passing  legislation on DACA--legislation, by the way, that doesn't really  exist, which the Democratic leader cannot present to us. We hear a lot  of talk about it, but we haven't seen it.   Fewer than half of Democrats--in this poll I am talking about--say  that dealing with DACA is more urgent than keeping the government open.  These numbers came in before Americans picked up their newspapers this  morning. When they did, they read from the Associated Press exactly who  is responsible for this chaos. From the AP: ``Democrats blocked a four- week stopgap extension in a late-night vote, causing the fourth  government shutdown in a quarter of a century.'' You might say that  they pinned the tail on the donkey.   The New York Times, not exactly a bastion of rightwing sentiment, put  the blame exactly where it belongs. ``Senate Democrats blocked passage  of a stopgap spending bill to keep the government open.''   Senate Republicans remain ready and eager to end this totally  manufactured crisis. This is not a crisis. This is a manufactured  crisis. We voted to avoid it entirely in our bipartisan vote last  night. We are ready to vote again. All the country needs is the  Democratic leader to withdraw his filibuster and let a bipartisan  majority pass this bill and reopen the U.S. Government.   Earlier today, I asked for consent to move up a vote on this  bipartisan solution and to end the craziness today. The Democrats  objected. That will not work forever. If they continue to object, we  cannot proceed to a cloture vote until 1 a.m. on Monday. But I assure  you, we will have the vote at 1 a.m. on Monday unless there is a desire  to have it sooner.   In the meantime, shutdowns have consequences. The Democratic leader  may be playing for political points. But the rest of us understand the  readiness of our Armed Forces, health coverage for poor children, and  survivor benefits for families of fallen servicemembers are the  furthest thing from a game--playing with all of those lives over the  issue of illegal immigration.   Congress has a lot of work to do. We need to provide for our war  fighters, secure the border, resolve the DACA issue, continue work on  healthcare, and attend to many other key priorities. I want to move  forward on all these issues, and we can when the Democratic leader's  filibuster comes to an end. These talks are only being delayed--not  advanced, but delayed--by the Democrats' filibuster and the Democratic  shutdown it has created.   I want to assure the American people that we will be right back at  this tomorrow. I say again to the American people, we will be right  back at this tomorrow and for as long as it takes. We will keep at this  until Democrats end their extraordinary filibuster of government  funding and children's healthcare and allow a bipartisan majority of  Senators to reopen the Federal Government for all Americans and to get  Congress back on track.   The Democratic leader may put his personal political priorities ahead  of everything else, no matter the cost, but Republicans stand with the  American people.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Florida.   