 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, America's forests are one of our greatest  natural resources: building our homes, empowering local economies,  providing for sportsmen and women, and even supplying energy for Fort  Drum, in my district.   Unfortunately, our vast forests are under constant threat from the  scourge of invasive species. These intruders bring not only ecological  harm, but damage the economic viability of the communities that rely on  these forests. Forests face added pressure when the invasive species  attacking them are resistant to known remedies, face no known natural  predators, and are spread easily by human land use.   My district is home of the Adirondacks. With 6 million acres of  parkland, I am deeply concerned with the spread of invasive species.   One particular example of an invasive pest that is destroying  American forests and threatens the Adirondack Park is the hemlock  woolly adelgid. This sap-sucking insect is causing the widespread death  and decline of hemlock trees not only in the Adirondacks, but in the  eastern United States.   Since its arrival in the U.S. in the 1920s, the hemlock woolly  adelgid has spread rapidly from New England, all the way down to the  Great Smoky Mountains, feeding on eastern hemlock and Carolina hemlock  in 17 States. This invasive species has few natural enemies in the  eastern States, and native trees are neither resistant nor tolerant to  their feeding.   Without natural defenses, the hemlock woolly adelgid and other  invasive pests pose a significant threat to the long-term health of our  forests. That is why ongoing research is needed to produce solutions  and to account for the unique biology of these organisms and the way  they impact the larger forest ecosystem. In addition to research, we  must work to restore our damaged forests.   My amendment before the House would modernize the competitive  forestry, natural resources, and environmental grants program. This  amendment realigns the priorities of the grant program to focus on  researching the characteristics and ecosystem-wide impact of these  species, while also allowing for restoration projects of native forests  that have suffered severe levels of mortality caused by invasive  species.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this very  commonsense amendment.    I yield to the gentleman.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Conaway).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time   