 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for  yielding time to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today with serious concerns about the missed  opportunity in this legislation to take strong action against the  Chinese firm, ZTE.   Our telecommunications systems are the backbone of our national  security operations, and those systems need to be protected to ensure  the safety of our citizens.   Not only did ZTE violate U.S. sanctions by illegally selling  components to North Korea and Iran, it also paid full bonuses to the  employees who engaged in illegal conduct, and then lied to U.S.  authorities about it.    Instead of sending a strong message to ZTE, the NDAA Conference  Committee stripped language from the Senate bill to ban ZTE from doing  business with all U.S. firms and replaced it with watered-down language  that merely prohibits ZTE from doing business with the U.S. Government.   This effectively gives ZTE a free pass for its past violations, and  prioritizes a foreign company's interests over the security of the  American people. This is wrong. Deal-making with ZTE is bad policy, and  it sends a clear message to our adversaries that America is not willing  to enforce our own sanctions.   Earlier this year, I wrote to Secretary Ross raising my concerns with  reports that the administration was backtracking on its recently  imposed 7-year ban on ZTE. To my dismay, and I think to many others,  the administration lifted the ban.   The Senate-passed version of the bill would have restored the ban in  full. So I am distressed that my colleagues have succumbed to pressure  from the White House and watered down critically needed security  protections.   We are all public servants of the American people. The number one  responsibility we have is to protect and defend them.    We must not make deals with foreign entities that have a  proven history of compromising our telecommunications sector and  treating our laws with disdain. When we know for a fact that a certain  company or country does not have our national interests at heart, we  have no business doing business with them, period.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous question.   