 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Federal recognition of Native American Tribes is  critical to protecting their Tribal sovereignty and restoring the  Tribe's ability to control its land, its water, and its resources, as  well as the ability to govern and to protect the health, safety, and  welfare of its members.   Introduced by Representative Gianforte, H.R. 3764 will extend Federal  recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana.  The Little Shell Tribe has resided in Montana for well over a century  and has long been recognized as a Tribe by the State.   The Tribe is a political successor to the signatories of the Pembina  Treaty of 1863, under which a large area of land in the State of North  Dakota was ceded to the United States. While the Federal Government has  federally recognized the two other Tribes that are successors to the  signatories of the treaty, the Little Shell have inexplicably been left  in limbo.   The Tribe has repeatedly petitioned the Federal Government for  Federal recognition--first in the 1930s and '40s under the Indian  Reorganization Act, and later, starting in 1978, through the Department  of Interior's so-called Part 83 process. However, despite their long  and well-documented history, each time they were deprived of their  rightful Federal recognition.   H.R. 3764 finally extends recognition to the Little Shell Tribe,  making all Federal laws and regulations of general applicability to  Indians and Indian Tribes applicable as well to Little Shell and its  members.   Federal recognition of the Tribe enjoys broad support in Montana,  including support from the Governor's office, the Montana State  legislature, the surrounding counties and cities, and from all the  other federally recognized Montana tribes. Recognition for the Little  Shell is long overdue, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes a long overdue land exchange  between the Forest Service and the Walnut Grove Church in Garland  County, Arkansas. The church was built on Forest Service land, and the  exchange will simplify ownership claims and facilitate access and  improvements to the property.   The land exchange authorized by this bill includes commonsense  safeguards that ensure fair compensation for the value of public lands,  and I am happy to support its adoption and I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes.''  [[Page H8130]]    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Expanding broadband access in rural America and communities adjacent  to public lands is a bipartisan priority on the Natural Resources  Committee.   I want to thank Representative Curtis for working with committee  Democrats to improve this bill since it was introduced.   H.R. 4824 gives States the primary responsibility for issuing  environmental review permits for broadband projects in those areas that  already have rights-of-way for existing infrastructure, such as roads,  bridges, and trails.   At markup, Representative Curtis amended the bill to address several  concerns brought forward by Native American stakeholders and committee  Democrats. This includes guarantees that Tribal governments are  consulted and can participate in the development of memoranda of  understanding for projects that cross their land. This is a critical  improvement.   The bill we are considering today also removes language that would  have broadly exempted certain projects from any environmental reviews  and eliminated public comment periods.   However, there are still a number of outstanding issues that I hope  can be addressed as this bill makes its way through the legislative  process in the Senate. For example, I believe that we should continue  to perfect language that allows for public comment periods and  strengthens the ability of our Federal land management agencies to  enforce any MOU that is signed with a State government.   We would also like to continue discussions in order to ensure that  everyday citizens receive protection under the Equal Access to Justice  Act, a law that ensures all citizens have the ability to participate in  government decisionmaking.   I believe these are commonsense changes that won't hamper rural  broadband development. I do not oppose passage of the legislation  through the House at this time, but I look forward to continued  bipartisan and bicameral work on the remaining issues.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill provides States with increased flexibility to  utilize  [[Page H8134]]  money provided by the Pittman-Robertson fund for expanding outreach in  hunter education initiatives.   The Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act of 1937, commonly known  as the Pittman-Robertson Act, authorizes an excise tax on hunting  equipment. The proceeds are used to support wildlife conservation and  restoration efforts.   Allowing some of the money for education and outreach initiatives has  the potential to increase participation in hunting and other  recreational activities that will expand the tax base and the total  pool of available money.   This program is our Nation's oldest and most successful wildlife  conservation initiative. In its over-80-year history, it has restored  habitat relied on by numerous species and even helped to bring some  populations back from the brink of extinction. This is an impressive  track record that the update included in this legislation is meant to  support.   The bill includes a 25 percent cap for education and recruitment  activities, a safeguard meant to ensure there is still plenty of money  available for wildlife conservation and restoration.   I look forward to working with our colleagues in the Senate to ensure  that 25 percent is an appropriate safeguard that doesn't steer too much  money away from the traditional purpose of the fund.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might  consume.   Mr. Speaker, like other Native American tribes, the land base of the  Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma was devastated during the allotment  and assimilation period of the late 1800s. During this period, tribal  governments were dissolved and community-held lands were distributed as  160-acre parcels to individual tribal members. The remaining lands were  made available for non-Indian settlement.   Congress eventually reversed its policy and, in 1936, enacted the  Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act in order to rebuild Indian tribal societies  and rightfully return land back to the tribes.   Under that act, any previously allotted Indian land remained with its  current owner in restricted fee status. This status has significant  benefits, as restricted fee lands are under tribal jurisdiction and are  exempt from certain Federal and State taxes.   However, in 1947, additional and arbitrary constraints were placed  upon the lands of the Five Civilized Tribes.   The enactment of this 1947 law, known as the Stigler Act, set a  minimum blood quantum level that must be met by an Indian landowner in  order for the lands to remain in restricted fee status. That is to say,  if the total percentage of Indian blood of a landowner falls below a  certain minimum threshold, the land loses its tax-exempt status.   Over the years, with subsequent generations and intermarriage,  landowners often no longer meet the minimum blood quantum level. The  lands then lose their restricted fee status and often are sold off.   This has resulted in a drastic reduction of all the lands owned by  members of the Five Civilized Tribes.   No other Native American Tribe is required to meet this blood quantum  minimum in order to preserve their land fee status, and it seems that  this was the main intent of the Stigler Act in 1947, to further reduce  Indian land holdings in Oklahoma.   Under the changes proposed in H.R. 2606, we can right this wrong.   Enactment of this legislation will ensure that restricted fee land  owned by citizens of the Five Civilized Tribes will remain in that  status regardless of blood quantum levels. This will bring parity to  the Five Civilized Tribes and allow their citizens to own restricted  fee land just like the citizens of other tribes.   Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 2606 and urge my colleagues to vote in  favor of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Nadler).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Payne), my colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Suozzi), my colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Each year, we take time on this somber anniversary to mourn and  remember those lost, and to honor and pay tribute to the extraordinary  heroism displayed by firefighters, first responders, and ordinary  citizens whose service and sacrifice prevented the loss of life from  being even greater, and who continued to serve and protect our  communities every day. We express our sincere gratitude to those  serving overseas on our behalf.   The 9/11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center provides our  Nation a place of reflection and remembrance, not only for the  September 11, 2001, attacks, but for an earlier attack at the World  Trade Center in 1993 as well.   I want to thank and commend the 9/11 Memorial Foundation for the work  it has done since 2003 to bring the memorial and museum to fruition.  This is an impressive and moving site in downtown Manhattan that will  educate millions of visitors from all over the world for years to come.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative MacArthur and  Representative Nadler for bringing forward the legislation before us  today, which would designate the memorial and museum as a national  memorial and provide a grant to the Department of the  [[Page H8139]]  Interior for some of the resources needed to interpret the stories of  that fateful day.   Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation. I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3186, the  Every Kid Outdoors Act, which I was proud to introduce with my  colleague Representative Tipton, and Representatives Stefanik and  DeGette.   The idea that there should be national public lands that belong to  and are managed on behalf of the American people is a value that dates  back to the founding of our country and is embedded in our  Constitution. Our Nation's public lands protect, celebrate, and give  access to the many places that have shaped and defined who we are as  Americans.   Places like the Grand Canyon, Yellowstone, Ellis Island, and, in my  own district, Minute Man National Historical Park, which commemorates  the shot heard 'round the world, and Lowell National Historical Park,  the first urban national park of its kind, which commemorates and  protects the role that the city played in spawning our country's  industrial revolution.   H.R. 3186 provides America's fourth graders and their families free  entrance to all of our treasured national parks, historic sites,  wildlife refuges, and other federally managed lands and waters, more  than 2,000 sites in all. This will encourage a new and more diverse  generation to learn about our country's national and historic treasures  and fall in love with our public lands and great outdoors.   As documented by the Congressional Budget Office, the legislation  codifies an existing program and will, therefore, result in no  additional cost to the Federal Government.   In addition to providing free entrance to our public lands, the Every  Kid Outdoors Act will also strengthen partnerships between our Federal  land management agencies, schools, nonprofits, and private-sector  businesses to support outdoor education programming and recreation  opportunities for our country's young people.   I have seen the value of these partnerships firsthand and the impact  they can have on our young people. In 2015, I had the opportunity, at  Minute Man National Historical Park, to present fourth grade students  from one of the larger cities in my district with their very own park  pass. I will never forget their excitement at this opportunity. For  many of them, it was the first time they had ever visited a national  park, but I am confident it won't be their last.   I thank Mr. Tipton for his work with me on this bipartisan  legislation and Chairman Bishop for his support in committee and  bringing it to the floor. The Every Kid Outdoors Act will encourage a  new and more diverse generation to learn about our country's natural  and historic treasures and fall in love with our public lands and great  outdoors.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Clyburn), my esteemed colleague.    Mr. Speaker, as we know, H.R. 5532 establishes the  Reconstruction Era National Historical Park in and around Beaufort,  South Carolina, to honor, protect, and preserve the historic structures  and other resources from that chapter in American history. We know how  effective that kind of protection can be.   Recognizing the importance of highlighting the resources in Beaufort,  President Obama used the Antiquities Act to designate the site as a  national monument.   This bill is an important follow-up to that original designation. It  will ensure permanent protection and provide steady guidelines for  future management.   I want to thank Mr. Clyburn for his hard work throughout the initial  designation process and the development of this bill. Without his  leadership, this project would not have come this far, and he deserves  our recognition.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 660 would improve data collection and reporting on  the condition of Bureau of Reclamation infrastructure. Much of the  Bureau of Reclamation's aging water infrastructure was constructed more  than one-half century ago.   It is critically important that Congress and the public have  sufficient information on which facilities are most in need of major  repairs, if we are going to properly address our Nation's water  infrastructure needs.   H.R. 660 is bipartisan legislation that will help Congress gather the  information we need.   I would also like to note for the record that stakeholders have  expressed a desire for minor changes to section 6 of this bill, so that  there are no unintended consequences for proposed water recycling  projects. As this bill advances through the legislative process, it  will be important to work with the bill sponsor and our Senate  colleagues to refine the bill text.   Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4689 would authorize landowners served by the  Northport Irrigation District to prepay the remaining portion of  construction costs allocated to them for the North Platte project. In  exchange, the landowners who pay will no longer be subject to Federal  acreage limitations and other requirements associated with the  Reclamation Reform Act.   Mr. Speaker, we do not object to this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5317 is simple and straightforward. It repeals an  antiquated law that stands in the way of a Tribal economic development  project.   The law in question dates back to 1834, and it prohibits the  operation of a distillery on Indian lands. On their face, these types  of outdated laws may seem trivial, but they have real-world  consequences.   The Chehalis Tribe in Washington began the permitting process for the  construction and operation of an economic development project, which  includes a craft distillery, when they came up against the 1834 law.  The project is a great economic development opportunity, one that will  create jobs and revenue not only for the Chehalis Tribe, but for the  surrounding communities as well. However, in order for the Tribe to  proceed with the project, the prohibition must first be removed.   Mr. Speaker, I support the goals of H.R. 5317 and urge my colleagues  to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from California (Mr. DeSaulnier), the author of this  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from California (Mr. McNerney).    Mr. Speaker, the Contra Costa Canal serves as a primary  water delivery system for 500,000 people in central and eastern Contra  Costa County, California. The canal system is currently too exposed,  resulting in safety hazards, degraded water quality and supply, and  increased maintenance costs.   Tragically, 81 people have drowned in the canal since it became  operational.   H.R. 6040 will transfer ownership of the Contra Costa Canal from the  Department of the Interior to the Contra Costa Water District so the  district can upgrade this 81-year-old water infrastructure with a  secure, buried pipeline.   In addition to the many benefits of this legislation to the people of  the county, transferring ownership of the canal will also benefit  wildlife. The planned updates to the system will reduce unnecessary  water losses from  [[Page H8162]]  seepage in unlined portions of the canal and prevent further losses  from evaporation. Preventing water loss will ensure that additional  water is delivered to national wildlife refuges in California.   Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation. I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.   