 Mr. Speaker, the omnibus funding bill for 2018 makes  important investments in health, education, and job programs. It  rejects many of the damaging ideological riders that marked earlier  efforts in this appropriations process. In a time when the Trump  administration is seeking massive cuts in funding, senseless  eliminations of critical programs, and the fundamental hollowing out of  our Federal agencies, we fought to include critical investments in  Democratic priorities that boost the middle class.   For health, it is an increase of $3 billion for the National  Institutes of Health research, including an increase of more than 50  percent to develop a universal flu vaccine. There is an increase of  more than $3 billion for opioids, including funding to support  treatment and prevention, prescription drug monitoring programs,  behavioral health workforce training programs, and so much more.   We secured increases for our country's youngest children and their  families, including an historic increase of $2.4 billion for childcare  and $610 million for Head Start. In education, we include public school  education formula grants that help students learn and keep them safe,  including title 1, Student Support and Academic Enrichment, afterschool  and special education. We do not advance the radical agenda of taking  money from public schools through private school vouchers. I am  thrilled that we have helped to make college more affordable by  increasing the maximum Pell grant and other campus-based financial aid.   We achieved an important victory for workers. The deal prohibits  employers from pocketing workers' tips, including taking tips to pay  managers and supervisors; and workers will have the right to sue to get  back their stolen tips regardless of whether they were paid the full  minimum wage or not.   We held the line. We kept out the poison pill riders that would harm  women's access to healthcare and riders that negatively impact the  Department of Labor's ability to protect workers.   This omnibus ignores shortsighted cuts that are proposed by the Trump  administration and instead increases funding for priorities that touch  people's lives.   