 Mr. President, I rise to join and thank Senator  Whitehouse for his ongoing commitment to give a voice to the issue of  climate change and the threat it poses to our country and, frankly, our  world. Senator Whitehouse has provided real, moral leadership on this  issue, and I wish to express my gratitude for his unrelenting focus.   Let there be no doubt that climate change is real. The question is  not whether it is happening but how we will address it. Are we going to  do all that we can to leave the next generation a safer and healthier  world?   As my friend from Rhode Island has impressed upon us with due urgency  week in and week out, climate change will be tremendously costly to our  economy and to our very way of life. The longer we wait to act, the  more costly these impacts will be.   The State of Wisconsin has been a proud home to environmental leaders  who have worked to pass on a stronger environment to future  generations. I think of Aldo Leopold. I think of John Muir. I think of  Senator Gaylord Nelson, the founder of Earth Day.   As a Senator for our great State, it is one of my top priorities to  follow in this legacy and to preserve our natural resources and quality  of life for future generations. It is not hard to see why Wisconsinites  deeply value environmental protection. From looking out at the crystal  clear waters of Lake Superior from its South Shore to standing atop Rib  Mountain and gazing at the forests and farmlands of Central Wisconsin,  to casting your fishing rod in the world-class trout streams of the  Driftless region in the southwest of our State, there is no question  that we are blessed. We are blessed with natural beauty in the State of  Wisconsin.   The impact of climate change can already be seen on these very  landscapes and the economies they support. We see it in agriculture.  Growing seasons are shifting, and extreme weather events are harming  our crops. We have increasing concerns about drought and groundwater.  In fact, NASA recently warned that droughts will not only become more  severe, but our ecosystems will be increasingly slower to recover from  those droughts. Decreased soil moisture will put stress on farmers and  their livestock, on private wells, and on our municipal drinking water  systems.   These prolonged droughts, combined with the increased intensity of  storms and changing temperature patterns, will force farmers to change  how and what they grow. It is extremely troubling as agriculture is an  $88 billion industry in the State of Wisconsin.   We also see the negative effects of climate change on our Great  Lakes. In Lake Michigan, for example, we see changes in precipitation  and evaporation patterns due to climate change that may cause more  dramatic fluctuations in lake levels than we have already seen. Data  from the Environmental Protection Agency shows that average surface  water temperatures have increased in all five Great Lakes since 1995.  Warmer surface water temperatures disrupt the food chain and facilitate  the spread of invasive species, threatening our native fish with  disease. Changing water levels create challenges for property owners  and communities along the Great Lakes. Each of these changes will  strain our local economies.   Tourism is also a major part of Wisconsin's economy. The Northwoods  is a beloved place to fish, camp, hunt, and snowmobile. But last year,  for only the second time in its 45-year history, Wisconsin's famous  Birkebeiner cross-country ski race was canceled because of warm  temperatures and a lack of snow.   The impacts on tourism, recreation, and the landscapes that we hold  near to our hearts are already here. They will only become more  drastic. The threats may be daunting, but we cannot allow the  challenges to overwhelm us into inaction.   Wisconsin's motto is just one word--``forward.'' The people of  Wisconsin have never been afraid of the challenges we face. We have a  strong progressive tradition of confronting our challenges and working  together to shape our future for the next generation. Many of  Wisconsin's most successful companies are leaders in energy efficiency,  renewable energy, and clean technology.   In 2014, one of Wisconsin's major healthcare systems became the first  in the Nation to use entirely renewable energy. Wisconsin companies are  strong innovators and provide opportunities for workers of today and  tomorrow as they lead the way.   I believe in smart investments by governments at all levels, by  companies and institutions, and by citizens. This will help us confront  the challenge of climate change while positioning Wisconsin for  economic and ecological resiliency. This opportunity is great, and we  must meet the challenge head-on--going forward, the Wisconsin way.   I would like, once again, to thank Senator Whitehouse for his laser  focus on this issue that is so critical to our home States, as well as  the Nation and the world, that we will pass on to the next generation.   I yield the floor.   