 Madam President, I am so proud to stand here with my  five colleagues, but I also have to acknowledge the one who is not  here; that is, Senator John McCain, who has been an absolute champion,  along with his wife, on attacking this problem. Five years ago when I  met Cindy McCain, one of the first things she said was, what can we do  about this?   Working within the Homeland Security Committee, where so much of this  work got done--both in the Homeland Security Committee and the  Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations--I can't say enough about the  commitment of that committee but more importantly the commitment of the  leadership of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, both  Senator Portman and Senator McCaskill, who worked in tandem, who  engaged their very capable staff, who did the investigations that led  to the exposure of the issues and led to a bipartisan commitment to  develop and pass this bill.   I do want to say that I know that John and Cindy are with us today in  spirit. I know that Cindy is probably watching because she is very,  very excited that finally we are going to get this done. This is such  an important tool. This is such an important piece of stopping human  trafficking, which has been her lifelong objective and passion. Today,  we stand not just with our colleagues who are here on the floor but  also with our great friend, Senator John McCain, and his beautiful,  active, and wonderful wife, Cindy McCain.   The other reason I am very proud is that this is why I came to the  Senate--to work across the aisle to address major issues and  challenges, to make a difference in the lives of some of the most  vulnerable human beings in our country.   We are here today on the cusp of passing a bill that will provide  victims a real opportunity to seek justice and recover damages from  websites that profited from their pain of being sold for sex, while  also providing new tools to prosecutors, including my former  colleagues, the State attorneys general, to go after these sites and  their owners.   Again, I thank Senator Portman and Senator Blumenthal for their  tireless work in trying to fashion the right mix of understanding the  importance of the Communications Decency Act to the development of this  tool we call the internet but also making sure this is not used as a  tool for incredibly bad actors who would prey on the most vulnerable  among us.   Driving this bill and forging a compromise was not easy. This was not  easy. No one should think that this came together easily or that we  didn't have many moments where we did our own soul-searching, those of  us who are committed to the First Amendment and those of us who are  committed to free access of means to express our opinions and do our  business.   What I will tell you is that this is a big thing. This isn't a little  thing. This is a big thing--not only because we are doing it in a  bipartisan way but also because we are speaking on behalf of the most  vulnerable human beings in this country.   I can't imagine a more heinous act than the sale of human beings on  the internet for sex. It is happening in all of our communities. It is  happening in our States each and every day.   When I began my journey to the U.S. Senate, I engaged and started  visiting with my old friends in North Dakota law enforcement. As I have  said many times, I am a former attorney general from the great State of  North Dakota and have great friends in law enforcement. Their message  was simple. They were seeing a lot more drugs. Obviously, North Dakota  was experiencing an oil boom, and that was creating some social  upheaval, additional crime, additional concern about crime. They then  told me something I didn't expect: We are seeing this incredible rate  and increase in prostitution. I thought about that. I thought, well,  what does that mean, and how do we investigate it?   So many people would argue that this is a victimless crime and not a  priority, and we started looking behind this. My colleagues in law  enforcement in North Dakota started doing stings. They did something  that peace officers all across the country do: They sat  [[Page S1853]]  down with the women they were arresting, and they started listening to  their stories. The stories were heartbreaking--stories of being preyed  on as young girls, either in their home or as they were running away,  the stories of how they got in the life. Many of my colleagues in law  enforcement began to say: These women are not criminals; they are  victims.   We began to look at what led to this huge explosion, and we started  examining all the websites, all the places where, with the tweak of a  word or with the opportunity to be anonymous--in the old days, you  would have to stand out perhaps on the street corner, but now you can  be anonymous, and that gave those perpetrators, those evil human  beings, yet another avenue.   That is when we started looking at backpage.com and other sites like  it that sell human beings for sex. That occurs in every corner of our  country--in the small and big States and in the small and big counties  and in oil counties and out east in farming communities. So no one  should believe that they are immune or somehow limited because it is  going to happen there but not here. One thing we have learned is that  it is happening everywhere.   Today, we are saying: No more. The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act  would crack down on these horrific crimes online and provide justice  for victims. Today, it is going to pass the Senate with broad  bipartisan support and head to the President's desk to be signed into  law.   In many instances, websites help traffickers skirt law enforcement  through online advertising and continue to do so without penalty by  claiming their First Amendment rights.   I remember when we in the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations  subpoenaed and had a chance to question the witnesses from  backpage.com, and they started talking about their First Amendment  rights. I pointed out to them that nothing this body can do can affect  someone's First Amendment rights. They were not alleging or saying they  were protected by the First Amendment. They knew that wouldn't fly.  They said they were protected by the terms of the Communications  Decency Act.   Like Senator Blumenthal, I never believed that the Communications  Decency Act protected them from prosecution or protected them from  civil penalty if they were complicit and, in fact, abetted these  crimes. I never believed that, but there were judges in America who  did. We met and saw a lot of those judges and read a lot of those  opinions and said: We cannot let a law of the U.S. Congress--a law on  the books in our country--allow perpetrators who sell children for sex  to absolutely avoid any civil or criminal penalty. We cannot allow that  to happen--not a law of this country.   We don't have the ability to restrict or modify the First Amendment  in this body, but we do have the ability to amend a law that is being  used inappropriately to protect the most hideous criminals in America.  No law should put anyone above liability if they are actively involved  and complicit in selling children for sex.   As we stand here today, we know we are doing something that we hope  will happen more often in the Senate. We are standing for those  victims, those parents, those children, those women who are still in  the struggle of human trafficking, those children who are still in the  struggle of human trafficking. We are standing with them today to say:  No more. People who will illegally profit from selling children for sex  are going to be held accountable. So the message needs to go from this  body, it needs to go from the signature on this bill, that that  protection you have been alleging--inappropriately hiding behind the  Communications Decency Act--ends, and it ends with the passage of this  bill.   I couldn't be prouder of the work my colleagues Senator McCaskill and  Senator Portman did on the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.  You exposed the facts that led to the argument that led to the passage  of this bill. I am proud to stand with you. I am proud to work to make  sure that this bill is appropriately implemented. I look forward to the  first prosecution of someone who sells children for sex on the  internet, profiting from the web page they created.   With that, Senator Portman, thank you so much for your excellent  work. Senator McCaskill, thank you for your excellent work. I stand  proud with you today and know that we are making a difference today.   Today, the U.S. Senate will make a difference for the most vulnerable  human beings in our country.   I yield the floor.   