 Mr. President, I am honored to be here today to join  Senator Markey to talk about the importance of strong internet  neutrality protections. He also came to Minnesota this past month and  was able to meet with a number of our small businesses, including a  woman who started a business making children's clothes and who saw  growth because of the internet. He met people who never would have had  that opportunity if we didn't have net neutrality.   Today we took a major step forward on this issue by forcing the  Senate to hold a vote on legislation to save net neutrality. I believe,  in the end, we will have the votes to get this done.   It will send an important message that the internet should remain  free, open, and equal to all who use it. It will then be considered, we  would hope, by the House because our goal is to actually get this done.  Why? Because net neutrality is the bedrock of a fair, fast, open, and  global internet. It holds internet service providers accountable for  providing the internet access consumers expect while protecting  innovation and competition.   It is also one reason the internet has become one of the great  American success stories, transforming not only how we communicate with  family and friends but also the way companies do business, how  consumers buy goods, and how we educate our kids.   At its best, it is an equalizing force because it means kids on  Tribal lands in Minnesota or kids that are in extreme rural areas are  going to be able to access the same classes as people in urban areas.   It means that a small business in Ada, MN, is going to be able to  sell their goods on the internet just like one of our big companies in  the Twin Cities, like Target or Best Buy. It is an equalizing force.   Earlier this year, the FCC approved Chairman Pai's plan,  unfortunately, to eliminate net neutrality protections. Despite the  millions of comments from the American people asking the FCC to protect  a fair and open internet--not to mention a half million comments from  Russian emails--the FCC voted in December to move forward with Chairman  Pai's plan to end net neutrality.   Under Chairman Pai's plan, the FCC gives major internet service  providers the ability to significantly change consumers' experiences  online. Big internet service providers may soon be able to block, slow,  and prioritize web traffic for their own financial gain. They could  begin sorting online traffic into fast or slow lanes and charging  consumers extra for high-speed broadband. Internet service providers  could even block content they don't want their subscribers to access  because they would prefer other content that might benefit them  financially.   The only protections maintained under the proposed order are  requirements for service providers to disclose their internet traffic  policies. But for consumers with only one choice for internet service,  like so many in my rural areas in Minnesota, there is no real  opportunity to comparison shop or find a new provider if they are  unhappy. So that provision is of little help. This means that even  though consumers may be aware that their internet service provider is  blocking or slowing their connection, they have no choice because they  have no alternative.   According to the FCC, more than 24 million Americans still lack high- speed broadband. We should be focusing our efforts on helping those  households get connected, not eliminating net neutrality and worsening  the digital divide.   But this isn't just about individual internet users. It will limit  competition, and that is why it is also about small businesses. A truly  open internet encourages economic growth and provides opportunities for  businesses to reach new markets, drive innovation, and create jobs.  Small businesses remain engines of job creation, and net neutrality  levels the playing field. In one company I toured in Ada--this is a  [[Page S2586]]  great example--a woman started this business at her kitchen table. She  had such bad internet access in Ada that she has to have her 2-person  sales force located in Fargo--and that is a long way away. But if you  look at her whole business model, it is about marketing on the  internet. She has taken that business from the kitchen table to one  that has 20 employees and is shipping her products--that would be chain  jewelry--all over the country.   Well, without unrestricted access to the internet, entrepreneurs may  be forced to pay for equal footing to compete online. So if it isn't  bad enough that she doesn't have access right where her business is and  has to have her employees located off campus--way over, actually in  another State--now, if you get rid of net neutrality, she will not be  able to have an even playing field at all. She will be in the slow  lane.    This proposal will hurt the very people creating jobs and keeping our  economy competitive. That is why I have joined my colleagues who push  for a vote on Senator Markey's resolution to repeal Chairman Pai's plan  and protect net neutrality rules.   Over the next few days, we need to keep the pressure on because the  vote will have a major impact on the future of the internet. This  repeal is part of a larger trend of helping large companies push out  their competition. The fight to protect net neutrality is far from  over, and we need to make our voices heard.   Mr. President, I rise to join many of my colleagues who have come to  the floor to speak about our country's third branch of government--our  courts--as well as to express my opposition to the nomination of  Michael Brennan to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.   As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I am very disappointed that  the Senate has decided to abandon the blue-slip tradition for circuit  court judges. The blue-slip policy held true throughout the entirety of  the previous administration, including when Republicans ran the Senate  and when Democrats ran the Senate. This is for good reason. The blue  slip is a key check and balance. In my view, it has promoted  cooperation, as well as resulted in better decision making for judges  across party lines.   Senators have a solemn obligation to advise and consent on the  President's nominees to the Federal courts, and I take that obligation  very seriously. I know my colleague Senator Baldwin also takes that  responsibility very seriously. That is why she had a bipartisan process  in place through which she worked with Senator Johnson in an effort to  produce consensus nominees.   This nominee did not gain sufficient support from the Wisconsin  judicial nominations commission. So it is unfortunate that we are  considering his nomination on the Senate floor.   