 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5729, the Transportation  Worker Identification Credential Accountability Act of 2018.   Since 2002, when Congress passed the Maritime Transportation Security  Act, problems have beset the Transportation Worker Identification  Credential card, or TWIC card, as it is called, a maritime security  credential.   Since its inception, concerns and questions about the reliability of  background check information, the efficacy of fraud detection  capabilities, and the relatively high cost of the credential have been  persistent shortfalls that the Department of Homeland Security has  never gotten right.   As explained by the bill's sponsor, the Coast Guard issued a flawed  final rule in 2016 for the use of TWIC card biometric readers at high- risk maritime facilities. The Coast Guard issued this rule despite  Congress directing the Department of Homeland Security in 2016 to  conduct a ``top-to-bottom'' review of the effectiveness of the entire  TWIC program.   If there was ever an example of the left hand not knowing what the  right hand was doing, the issuance of this reader rule was it.  Considering the history and pattern of mismanagement of TWIC  credentials, I agree with the purpose of this legislation. It makes  prudent sense to put a hold on any new TWIC rulemaking until such time  that the Department of Homeland Security completes its effectiveness  review as required by Congress.   Ensuring the security of high-risk maritime facilities remains a  vitally important homeland security priority. If the TWIC card is not  up to the task, it is best for Congress to understand why and how the  deficiencies might best be resolved.   On the other hand, if it is determined that the best course of action  is to abandon the TWIC card, we need to evaluate alternative security  measures that might fill the gap immediately.   I urge my colleagues to join me and support this noncontroversial  legislation.  [[Page H5997]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   