 Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank our ranking member, Mr.  Engel, for yielding me time but also for his hard and diligent work and  for being a real champion for our global health programs. I thank the  gentleman very much for his kind words.   Let me also thank House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Royce and  the chair of the Africa Subcommittee, Chris Smith, for their dedication  to strengthening PEPFAR. It has really been a pleasure working with  them from day one on this lifesaving legislation.   I cannot forget the late Chairman Henry Hyde and our ranking member,  Tom Lantos, who worked so hard--Chris, you remember this--in making  sure that this legislation stayed on track and that it was bipartisan.   Also, to our current ranking member of the House Africa Subcommittee,  Congresswoman Karen Bass, I have to acknowledge her and thank her for  her tremendous leadership, as well as the Congressional Black Caucus  because it was the Congressional Black Caucus that supported me in my  work with President Bush and, thankfully, our leader, Nancy Pelosi, who  helped with this transformational legislation. It was many years ago,  so I just have to salute and thank them.   I also thank my colleague Congresswoman Betty McCollum, because she  never let us forget that we insisted on must-have efforts in this  legislation on behalf of vulnerable children and orphans.   As the coauthor of this critical legislation, I am very proud, as I  said, to continue now with this legislation, which really is the legacy  of bipartisan leadership and support for PEPFAR and the Global Fund.   Mr. Speaker, this PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018 is extremely  important. It would reauthorize PEPFAR and the Global Fund for 5 years.   PEPFAR is, arguably, one of the most efficient and effective foreign  assistance programs in history. At the time that PEPFAR was established  in 2003, only 50,000 people were treated in sub-Saharan Africa. Thanks  to strong bipartisan support for PEPFAR over the last 15 years, PEPFAR  now supports lifesaving HIV treatment for more than 13.3 million people  in more than 50 countries.   Our investments in PEPFAR have also allowed 2.2 million babies to be  born HIV-free, and more than 6.4 million orphans, vulnerable children,  and their caregivers are provided with assistance under these programs.   Now, I remember the very first individual--I believe his name was  John Roberts--whom I met in Uganda. He was alive. He was so happy. He  was raising a family. I believe he was a teacher. He had tears in his  eyes when I met him, and he told me to make sure I thanked the United  States of America for these lifesaving drugs and for the program.   But we can't allow these successes to lull us into complacency. While  we have made unprecedented strides in the fight against HIV and AIDS,  the need for robust investments in these programs is more important.    Mr. Speaker, we have made unprecedented strides in the fight  against HIV and AIDS. The need for robust investments, though, is more  important than ever.   A report released by The Lancet in July found that the HIV pandemic  is not on track to end and that little progress has been made in  reducing new infections over the past decade. Tens of millions of  people will require access to sustained antiretroviral treatment for  decades to come.   According to PEPFAR, every week, 32,000 people are infected with HIV  globally, including 6,900 young women and 3,000 children. Mr. Speaker,  19,000 people die of AIDS-related illnesses each week.   Without a renewed global effort to address HIV, we really do risk the  epidemic rebounding. We cannot allow that to happen. That is why we  must reject any attempts--any attempts--by the Trump administration to  cut any funding for PEPFAR and the Global Fund, and fight against the  imposition of the global gag rule, which is already affecting access to  critical healthcare services around the world.   Support for PEPFAR and the Global Fund has never been a partisan  issue. We cannot allow that to change now.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on the bill, and I want to thank my colleagues  so much for their support and for helping us work through these very  tough negotiations this time. We will move forward and, hopefully, find  solace in the fact that we can wipe AIDS from the face of this Earth by  2030.   