 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume   Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Representative Hurd, for his  leadership in introducing this commonsense legislation. The bill before  us today includes a number of different measures.   The bill includes a measure originally introduced by Senator  McCaskill to deal with information technology threats to the Federal  acquisition supply chain. The bill would address the serious  cybersecurity risks that recently came to light after the discovery of  Kaspersky products had been installed on many government computers.   The bill would establish the Federal Acquisition Security Council to  facilitate information sharing among Federal agencies regarding supply  chain risks when purchasing information technology products and create  procedures for evaluating such risks.   The bill would give agencies the authority to mitigate supply chain  IT risks and authorizes the Council to recommend excluding suppliers,  if warranted.   The bill also would establish a judicial review process and reporting  requirements to ensure fairness and accountability if companies are  excluded in the future.   In addition, the bill includes several provisions to improve  cybersecurity at the Department of Homeland Security, one which was  originally authored by Senator Hassan of New Hampshire. It would create  a pilot program through which the Department would be authorized to  provide a financial reward to those who legitimately come forward to  report vulnerabilities on DHS websites and software to prevent  exploitation by cyber terrorists, State actors, and criminal  organizations.   So-called white hat hackers are an enormous pool of talent that the  Federal Government has largely failed to leverage. The bill would also  require DHS to put in place policies to ensure that civic-minded  hackers can identify and report bugs found on the Department's  information systems without breaking the law.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the SECURE Technology  Act, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend especially for his  work on this bill and for his friendship and for our continuing work  together.   Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   