 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong  support of this bipartisan amendment, which supports the Pentagon's  FY19 budget request for research and development conducted by the  Defense Innovation Unit-Experimental, also known as DIUx.   I am grateful to my colleagues, Representatives Gallagher of  Wisconsin and Russell of Oklahoma, and to my colleague from  Massachusetts, Representative Tsongas, for working with me on this  amendment.   American technological innovation is widely renowned as the world's  best. Our private-sector innovators are constantly pushing the envelope  of the possible, inventing new technologies that revolutionize how  people live. However, when it comes to national security, we have a  serious problem.   Thousands of our startups have a strong desire to contribute to  national security, but over the past two decades, as our cutting-edge  innovators have changed the world, government procurement processes  have failed to change with them. As a result, in critical areas such as  cybersecurity, our top private-sector innovators have no economically  viable avenue to pursue government business. The Department of Defense,  therefore, has no access to them.   DIUx is the only funding stream in this entire bill that solves this  problem. Military services and commanders in the field identify  pressing problems that they need solved and bring them to DIUx. DIUx  then pairs them with top commanders and top innovators to provide a  pilot contract to solve their problems. This has resulted in bids from  more than 650 companies in more than 42 States.   Most importantly, DIUx is able to solve these problems, in most  instances, in less than 90 days. This is far more flexible, agile, and  cost-effective than any other procurement vehicle currently available.   Just one of DIUx's 71 programs now saves the Air Force 400,000 pounds  of fuel per day--just one project. That is enough to more than recoup  DIUx's entire FY18 appropriation several times over.   If the devastating cuts proposed to this program come to pass, DIUx  will lose its critical momentum, capabilities, and talent, jeopardizing  the program's future. If we care about protecting our troops, enhancing  national  [[Page H5801]]  security, and ensuring efficient use of taxpayer funds, I hope we will  adopt this amendment, which simply matches the Pentagon's FY19 budget  requested by DIUx.   Mr. Chairman, if I may ask how much time I have remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Russell).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   