 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to urge my  colleagues to join us in supporting the FIRST STEP Act, a bipartisan  legislation that will make needed changes to Federal sentencing rules  and prison reforms. A number of us have been working on this issue for  years, but I do want to thank Chairman Grassley, who is here with us  today, and Senator Feinstein for their leadership in getting it through  the Judiciary Committee as well as Senator Durbin, who has been a  longtime leader on this issue, and Senator Booker, who has worked so  hard on this, as well as Senator Whitehouse and Senator Cornyn, who is  here with us today, and many others. Senator Lee took on this cause at  a time when it wasn't as easy as it is right now at the end of the  year. I also want to thank the administration for working with us on  this bill as well.   As a former chief prosecutor in Minnesota's largest county, I  understand the need to use our resources to target the most serious  offenders to maintain public safety. You have to make decisions in  those kinds of jobs every day: decisions about your priorities, where  you are going to put your criminal justice money, what is the safest  thing to do for the community, knowing that a number of our offenders  do reenter into society, what is the best way to make sure that if they  do come back into society, they are going to be functioning members of  society; that they are not going to go back to drugs or they are not  going to commit additional crimes.   It is fine to pretend that it is not happening and people are going  away forever, and some people rightfully do. Violent criminals and  murderers don't come out again, but a number of offenders do come out  again. So the question is, What do we do to make it the most safe for  our community but also to allow them to become functioning members of  our society? That is what this bill is about at its core.   We need a justice system that both protects the victims of crime and  punishes those who break the law. Someone once said that prosecutors-- my old job--were ministers of justice. That is what we are doing with  this bill. We are acknowledging that there are issues with our criminal  justice system that we have to deal with. We are not just closing our  eyes and pretending it is fine to pretend everyone goes away forever  when we know they don't. Some people are coming out, and they should  come back out again, and the FIRST STEP Act gets at those hard issues.   Our criminal justice system must administer justice fairly. The  sentencing laws on low-level drug offenders were implemented decades  ago, and in a number of cases they have diverted limited law  enforcement resources away from important public safety initiatives  that would allow us to actually go after violent criminals. This has  resulted in prison sentences that actually don't fit the crime. Today  our country has over 20 percent of the world's incarcerated people,  even though we have less than 5 percent of the world's population. We  need a criminal justice system that works for our communities. That is  why I fought for bipartisan criminal justice reform for years.   As a former prosecutor, I have long supported important policies,  including more law enforcement resources. I lead that bill with Senator  Murkowski and the COPS Program to get more law enforcement resources to  our police. I think that is very important. I worked hand in hand with  our police in Minnesota for 8 years. They have very hard jobs.   As a former prosecutor, I also supported important policies that make  it better for the community and the police to work together. That  includes better training for our law enforcement, that includes  videotaped interrogations, that includes reforms with the eyewitness  process. We were one of the first States to make changes there,  including body cameras, diversity in hiring, and meaningful work  between law enforcement and our citizens--fair jury selection  processes. There are a number of things we have done but must continue  to do to increase that trust between the community and our law  enforcement.   As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I supported the  bipartisan Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act for years. My  colleagues and I worked across party lines to pass that bill out of  committee earlier in February and last Congress as well. Although the  bill was never brought to the floor of the Senate until this week,  today we finally have an opportunity to make meaningful progress.   The FIRST STEP Act represents a concerted bipartisan effort to strike  an effective balance to improve the fair administration of justice  while keeping our communities safe. Even though this bill is not  perfect, it is the result of a compromise between two sides and people  with a lot of different views and many groups that are here to advocate  for citizens. It is a compromise that  [[Page S7748]]  has the endorsement of a range of groups that you don't usually  see, such as from the Fraternal Order of Police to the ACLU. This bill  represents a critical opportunity that shouldn't be lost.    One of the most important reforms in this bill are the changes to  mandatory minimums. We all know people who have been caught up in a  criminal justice system that can be unfair. I believe strongly in  enforcing our laws on the books and putting criminal offenders behind  bars to protect public safety, but for nonviolent, low-level drug  offenders, there are more creative and evidence-based ways to deal with  them than longer prison sentences.   The FIRST STEP Act allows judges to sentence below the mandatory  minimum for low-level, nonviolent drug offenders who work with the  government.   It also reduces some of the longest sentences now on the books,  including decreasing the second-strike mandatory minimum of 20 years to  15 years and reduces the third-strike mandatory minimum of life in  prison to 25 years.   This bill includes a crucial provision to allow people who were  sentenced under discriminatory drug laws, which required a longer  mandatory minimum sentence for the possession of crack than for the  possession of the same amount of cocaine, to petition to be resentenced  under the reform guidelines we passed in 2010.   Significantly, this bill will not automatically reduce any one  person's prison sentence. Instead, the bill simply allows people to  petition courts and prosecutors for an individualized review based on  the particular facts of their case.   That is what justice is supposed to be about. It is not always a one- size-fits-all. It is giving the people who work in the justice system  knowing you have mandatory minimums still in place, knowing you want  fairness across the system, but it allows judges and prosecutors to  look at an individualized case and decide what is best for public  safety and what is best for the community. By giving prosecutors and  judges this discretion, we will give them the tools to better see that  justice is done.   The FIRST STEP Act also incorporates much needed reforms to our  Federal prisons to treat people more humanely and to encourage  participation in programs intended to help people from committing  another crime after they are released.   In my old job as Hennepin County attorney, I always said we would try  as much as possible to run our operation as a business. We would be  efficient, we would keep track of what we were doing and be accountable  to the public and show them what the results were with regard to our  prosecutions and the numbers and what the sentences would be. We did  all that, but one of the things I also knew is, while you want to run  government as much as possible as efficiently as a business, there was  one way we were not like a business in the criminal justice system: We  did not want to see repeat customers at our doors. That is not what you  want when you are running the prosecutor's office. We wanted to make  sure people could get their lives back and their acts together so they  didn't keep cycling through the criminal justice system.   This bill, the FIRST STEP Act, includes a provision to require that  Federal prisoners be placed in a facility as close to their primary  residence as possible. That makes sure families aren't separated, and  they can continue to have visitors. One of the things we know is, it is  very important for them to make that transition when they get back in  the community. This straightforward change is an important step toward  reducing recidivism because research suggests that people who maintain  contact with their families while they serve time are less likely to  commit crimes after they are released. Other key provisions in this  legislation expand access to treatment and education.   I look at this two ways. One, when I first became a lawyer at a  private law firm in the Twin Cities, I actually got involved in a  program called Amicus, where we went to visit people in prisons. I  visited a woman for a number of years until I became chief CA--that  became a little awkward--but she went on to serve her sentence and got  back out into the community. That program was really the community  saying: We want to keep the thought out there that there is hope, that  these people are going to get out at some point, and they need role  models and people who are willing to work with them. I saw that work  with my own eyes.   The other reason I care so much about this bill is that I am a child  of an alcoholic--someone who went through treatment and who, after a  number of DWIs, was finally pushed into treatment and was, in his own  words, ``pursued by grace.'' I think other people, whether they are in  the prison system or not, should be able to have that same opportunity  for themselves and for their kids.   I was able to see my dad literally climb the highest mountain as an  adventurer, a mountain climber, and a columnist but sink to the lowest  valley because of the disease of alcoholism.   You see that all the time in our prison system. Whether it is drugs  or whether it is alcohol, that is one of the reasons people get  involved in crime, to feed their addiction or because they are not  functioning normally and making decisions they would make if they  weren't addicted.   This bill encourages the use of evidence-based treatment for opioid  and heroin abuse and will help to address the addiction that is the  root cause of so many crimes.   I come from a State that believes in treatment. We are known as the  ``Land of 10,000 Lakes,'' and every so often people jokingly call it  the ``Land of 10,000 Treatment Centers.'' That includes, of course,  Hazelden Betty Ford. We are very proud of their work, but there are  also multiple other treatment centers in our State. It is a major part  of our criminal justice system and our drug courts. We had one of the  first major drug courts in the country, and I continue to carry on that  work as a Senator.   Taken together, the prison reforms in this bill and the recidivism  reforms and reentry reforms are an important step that will help us to  make progress toward reducing the number of repeat offenders.   As a prosecutor, I have always believed that our job was to serve the  cause of justice, and that was to convict the guilty but protect the  innocent. Sometimes the innocent are, of course, victims of crime. That  is the first thing that comes to mind. But the innocent are also people  who are unfairly accused of crimes. That is why it is so important to  have all of these measures in place, whether it is videotaped  interrogations or jury selection that is fair--to make sure our process  is fair.   At some point, when someone has served a sentence and turned their  life around, they go from guilty, which they once were, to having a  chance to go out there as an innocent person who is just trying to lead  a life. That is what our job is as Senators--to do justice, to make  sure we have rules in place that make sure the guilty go behind bars if  they have committed a serious crime but also to protect the innocent.  That includes the families of victims and the families of offenders.   There is still much work for us to do to improve our criminal justice  system, and I am committed with my colleagues, many of whom I mentioned  earlier, who have been leaders on this bill--I see Senator Leahy here  from the State of Vermont, former chair of the Judiciary Committee, who  worked so hard on this as well. So many people have contributed to the  effort from the left and from the right, from the Democratic Party and  from the Republican Party.   This is a victory for justice today as we consider this bill. I urge  my colleagues to support it.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   