 Mr. Speaker, today we have an opportunity, as well as  the wonderful items in this bil that Mrs. Dingell talked about, to make  long overdue reforms to the way that the Food and Drug Administration  reviews over-the-counter medicines.    Nearly 7 in 10 parents report giving their children an OTC medicine  to help treat a sudden medical symptom. Similarly, 81 percent of adults  use OTC drugs as a first response to a minor ailment.   Despite the widespread use of these medicines, though, the FDA is  forced to use a cumbersome and archaic monograph pathway for review and  approval. This antiquated, 40-year review system does not keep pace  with recent medical advances and the burgeoning of the OTC market,  which now has over 300,000 drugs. As a result, the current monograph  fails to respond to OTC safety issues in a timely and effective manner.   During the 2 years between 2004 and 2005, the CDC reported 1,500  cases of children under the age of 2 visiting emergency rooms due to  serious side effects of over-the-counter drugs of cough and cold  products. Since this finding, the FDA has been trying to revise the  cough and cold monograph to warn parents about the risks that these  common drugs can cause. But the FDA can't do that because they are  hamstrung due to the burdensome process it has to undergo to revise  these monographs.   This bill, H.R. 7328, which I worked on with my colleagues, Mr.  Latta, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Green, Mr. Burgess, and Mr. Guthrie, is a rare  triple win because it helps regulators, consumers, and industry:   It modernizes an outdated FDA process;   It ensures consumers get access to safe and effective over-the- counter drugs;   It provides industry with the certainty to innovate and develop  cutting-edge OTC products; and   It gives the FDA the tools and resources to remove dangerous and  ineffective products from the market.   Let's pass this bill right now, and let's urge the Senate to get  something done and pass this before the Congress ends.   