 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Vermont for  his leadership, and I am pleased that Senator Durbin has brought us  together. I also see the Senator from Delaware and the Senator from  Oregon here.   I appreciate the work we have seen on the other side of the aisle on  so many of these issues regarding elections and Russia, including the  Presiding Officer's support for moving forward on a number of these  things.   Our next election is right around the corner. In fact, this coming  Saturday marks 100 days from the 2018 elections. As we prepare for the  midterm elections, two things are clear: First, we must hold Russia  accountable for the attacks against our democracy in 2016. This wasn't  meddling. This wasn't just sending a few little tweets. This was an  actual cyber attack on our democracy, and we have to call it what it  was. Secondly, we must do more to deter Russia and safeguard our  democracy against future attacks.   As complex as all this is, that is really quite simple. The first  thing is, we have to figure out what happened and hold the people  accountable. That is what is happening with the Mueller investigation,  and that is what is happening with the Intelligence Committee  investigation and other committees as well. Secondly, we have to  protect our own democracy in the future from Russia, from other foreign  entities, from anyone who might try to take away our democracy. That is  exactly what happened in this last election.  [[Page S5247]]    Over the last 18 months, I have come to the floor time and again to  make this point: Election security is national security. Efforts to  interfere in our domestic politics and attack our election  infrastructure represent a threat to our democracy and our security.   We know that Russia coordinated an attack against our democracy that  launched cyber attacks against at least 21 States, including my own.  The latest indictment from Special Counsel Mueller's investigation  revealed that the Russians hacked the website of a State board of  elections and stole the information of roughly 500,000 voters. We not  only have them potentially trying to influence the vote, we also have  them actually stealing voters' private information, which, of course,  is another way to deter voters from wanting to vote. Russia's efforts  also included sophisticated information warfare designed to divide our  country and weaken Americans' confidence in our election system.   Hard-working women and men in our intelligence agencies from both  Democratic and Republican administrations have confirmed this. The  heads of all of our major intelligence operations under President Obama  and under President Trump have said that this happened. In fact, months  ago, Director Coats said that not only did it happen but that the  Russians are getting, in his words, bolder.   Yet, this month in Helsinki, President Trump was asked if he stands  by the conclusions of the U.S. intelligence community or the denials of  Vladimir Putin. He chose to go with Putin. He stood there in front of  the world, and he called Putin's words ``extremely strong and  powerful.'' That is why so many in this Chamber--Republican and  Democratic Members of the Senate--have come out and called him on it  and affirmed the U.S. intelligence conclusions and denounced the  President's actions.   There is no substitute for Presidential leadership--we know that--but  in its absence, Congress must act. We need to make strong bipartisan  commitments to defend our elections and show unwavering support for our  intelligence agencies.   Among others things, today Senator Graham and I submitted a  bipartisan resolution that reaffirmed strong congressional support for  our intelligence agencies and our diplomats. This is supplemental to  the work, of course, that Senator Coons and Senator Flake have been  doing. It declares that an attack on our election system by a foreign  power is a hostile act that should be met with a swift and forceful  response.   Passing this resolution sends a clear message to Russia: We are  united in our commitment to make sure you pay a heavy price for  attacking our elections, and we are prepared to exercise our authority  to impose even stronger sanctions.   If this administration won't act, Congress must.   In order to safeguard future elections, State and local officials on  the frontlines of this fight must have the tools and resources they  need to prevent cyber attacks.   We recently voted to provide $380 million in election security  funding to States. That was an important first step. All the States I  have talked to say that was just the beginning, that they would need  more resources, but it was an important first step. I worked on that  with Senator Lankford, as well as Senator Coons and Senator Leahy.   I will note that $380 million is just 3 percent of the cost of one  aircraft carrier. That is what it is--3 percent of the cost of one  aircraft carrier. We have a foreign government that has been trying to  attack our elections. We must do more.   During a recent Rules Committee hearing, State and local officials  testified that more resources are needed. Last week, Vermont's  secretary of state and the president of the National Association of  Secretaries of State, Jim Condos, called on Congress to provide  additional funds on an ongoing basis, not just when a crisis happens.  This week, nearly half of our country's State attorneys general sent a  letter urging Congress to appropriate more funding for election  security. That is why today Senator Leahy, Senator Coons, and I will be  offering this amendment to the appropriations legislation that is  before us this week that would provide additional funding for election  security.   I am continuing to work with Senator Lankford on the Secure Elections  Act, which, along with Senator Graham and Senator Harris, now has 10  cosponsors, Democrats and Republicans, equally divided. That bill is  important. Senator Blunt has agreed to a markup in August. That is very  critical to our moving forward to have legislation that puts some  parameters in place, puts best practices in place, and requires audits.  All of that must happen, but for now, we can't wait. We are almost 100  days away from this election.   Director of National Intelligence Coats recently reaffirmed the  threat Russia poses. He said this: ``Today, the digital infrastructure  that serves this country is literally under attack. . . . It was in the  months prior to September 2001 when, according to then-CIA director  George Tenet, the system was blinking red. And here we are nearly two  decades later, and I'm here to say the warning lights are blinking red  again.'' That is from our National Intelligence Director under  President Trump.   I would close with this--something that happened 95 years ago. In  1923, Joseph Stalin, then General Secretary of the Soviet Communists,  was asked about a vote in the Central Committee of the party. Stalin  was unconcerned about the vote. After all, he explained that who voted  was ``completely unimportant.'' What was ``extraordinarily important,''  he said, ``was who would count the votes and how.''   Now, nearly 100 years later, we have someone by the name of Vladimir  Putin trying to control who counts the votes and how in our own  country. This time, it is now, and it is in our elections. Those are  the stakes. Election security is national security, and it is time to  start acting like it   