 Mr. Speaker, today I join my colleagues in calling  attention to an attack on one of our most basic fundamental rights as  American citizens--the right to organize in our workplace.   The impending Supreme Court case, Janus v. AFSCME, is nothing more  than a continued attack by corporate CEOs on American workers' right to  unite and advocate for fair labor standards. This critical right offers  working people the opportunity to get ahead through bargaining with  their employers for better wages, benefits, and working conditions.   Wherever you work, if you appreciate a 40 hour work week, sick leave  and vacation days, guaranteed safe working conditions, then you have  unions to thank. And the outcome of this Supreme Court case will impact  you. It was not a benevolent employer who brought fair labor standards  to the American workforce; it was American workers. And an attack on  the ability to organize in the workplace is an attack on all of them.   Since the inception of labor unions, American workers--both unionized  and non-unionized--have enjoyed substantial gains in wages, safety, and  stability. In fact, throughout the 20th Century, the growth of unions  gave rise to the creation of the great American middle-class, who has  contributed immensely to our great nation. Over the years, however, a  change in global economy, unfair trade agreements, and a deliberate  effort to weaken unions have made life much harder for the middle  class. In fact, for far too many middle-class families, the American  dream has sadly now become nothing more than a memory of time passed.   This decimation of the middle class coincides with the Majority's  relentless attacks on labor unions. The Majority has pushed right-to- work legislation, tried to weaken enforcement of workers' collective  rights, and has even tried to repeal prevailing wage laws. They are  working hand-in-glove with the Trump administration, which supports a  national right-to-work bill. We are seeing many dangerous attacks on  the state level, too.   I continue to fight against these attacks on our workers. All the  while, I will also keep fighting to overhaul NAFTA, which has caused my  district to lose half of its manufacturing jobs. In holding our trading  partners to a higher standard, it is critical that we practice what we  preach. That means promoting strong labor standards here at home and  protecting American workers against unyielding efforts to weaken their  right to organize.   