 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 2\1/2\ minutes on this amendment.    Mr. President, I rise to urge my colleagues to oppose my  colleague Senator Lee's amendment, which would interfere with the Food  and Drug Administration's ability to enforce their regulations related  to the names of dairy products. This amendment, if passed, would upend  the FDA's review of nutrition innovation as part of its nutrition  innovation strategy. It would short-circuit the agency's efforts to  review standards of identity and other tools to provide meaningful,  accurate information about food products to consumers, and it would  block the agency from addressing the mislabeling of imitation products  that use dairy names without meeting the legal requirements to use  those terms.   The FDA currently has an open docket and the public is able to  comment on these issues. We should all let that process play out.   But this isn't just an attack on the FDA's process. It is an attack  on dairy farmers across the country and in my home State of Wisconsin.  This attack couldn't happen at a worse time. Dairy farmers are facing  extremely difficult times. In Wisconsin, last year we lost over 500  dairy farms, mostly small and medium family-size farms--almost 6  percent of the dairy farms operating in our State.   Dairy farmers in Wisconsin work hard to meet the various requirements  for the milk they produce. This ensures that when a consumer buys a  dairy product, it will perform in recipes as expected, and it will  contain high-quality nutrients for those consumers.   I want to finish with one key point. There are already existing  regulations on the books that define what constitutes dairy. However,  the FDA has failed to enforce their own rules as imitation products  have used dairy's good name for their own benefit.   I introduced the Dairy Pride Act to force the FDA to stop sitting on  the sidelines and to enforce its own rules. Instead of blocking the FDA  from doing its job as the Lee amendment would do, we should ensure that  the FDA moves forward and enforces its own rules. Dairy farmers in  Wisconsin shouldn't be asked to wait any longer.   I urge my colleagues to oppose the Lee amendment.    Madam President, I rise to urge my colleagues to support  my bipartisan amendment with my colleague Senator Susan Collins. It  would spur innovation in the dairy business.   This amendment would do three simple things. It would foster the  development of innovative dairy products that respond to consumer  demand, support new and existing dairy entrepreneurs to develop their  businesses and expand their markets, and provide technical assistance  to dairy processors to update their manufacturing processes and meet  consumer demand.   Dairy farmers are facing extremely difficult times. These farmers are  facing retaliatory tariffs, uncertainty about trade deals and export  markets, and low milk prices. This amendment would provide technical  assistance and solutions for dairy entrepreneurs so that farmers, dairy  co-ops, and other businesses can find new ways to compete, increase  their efficiency, and find more homes for the surplus of milk that we  have.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   I yield back.   