 Mr. President, I join my colleague from West Virginia  and thank her for her leadership on this work.   The continuing problem of opioid abuse--the epidemic that has swept  our Nation--has struck at the heart of my State, like West Virginia. In  my State, there were 694 deaths from opioids and other drug overdoses  in 2017. That is more than the number of people who died from car  crashes and homicides combined in the State of Minnesota.   No matter where I go, I hear heartbreaking stories. It is not just  beloved superstars like Prince whom we have lost in Minnesota; it is  teenagers in Duluth and young people in our farmland, 12-year-olds.   One story I heard from some people at a small town gathering was  about 12-year-olds being courted by drug pushers. The drug pushers tell  them to go home to their parents' medicine cabinet. They are given a  list of stuff to look for and are told: If you bring one of those  bottles of pills with those names on it, we will give you a beer. That  is happening in my State.   There is the story of Shelly Elkington's daughter, Casey Jo, who was  a champion swimmer who hoped to study nursing like her mom, but in  2008, she was diagnosed with Crohn's disease. After painful  complications, Casey Jo received her first prescription opioid for pain  relief.   As many of you know, about four out of five heroin users got their  start on prescription drugs. The very pills that are supposed to ease  someone's pain end up getting them hooked or, worse yet, getting them  killed. That is what happened to Casey Jo. She died of an illegal drug  overdose, but she first became addicted because of that painkiller she  took that day. That is what  [[Page S6473]]  is happening to too many families in Minnesota and across the country.   Here in the Senate, we have made some progress on the epidemic. Last  Congress, I led a bill with three other Senators--Senators Rob Portman  of Ohio, Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, and Kelly Ayotte of New  Hampshire. It is called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act,  known as CARA, and it was signed into law. It encourages States and  communities to pursue several strategies, including increasing the  availability of naloxone to save lives in overdose situations.   Later in 2016, this Senate and this Congress made $1 billion in  funding available for treatment and prevention with the passage of the  21st Century Cures Act. I got to be at the bill-signing with President  Obama and Vice President Biden.   Earlier this year, we made an additional $3.3 billion available as  part of the government funding bill.   That is all progress, but we still have a lot of work to do. We are  taking important steps forward by passing this legislation today, which  includes more than 70 provisions to take on addiction. We have worked  with the administration, we have worked with the House, and we see this  as a bipartisan priority.   One of the major pieces that are in this legislation is based on the  STOP Act that I introduced with Senator Portman to help stop dangerous  synthetic drugs from entering our country in the first place.   We know this is a serious problem. Powerful synthetic drugs like  fentanyl, which is up to 100 times more potent than morphine, keep  coming in from China. In my State, there were 172 deaths involving  synthetic opioids last year. That is a 74-percent increase from the  year before. More than 90 percent of those deaths involved fentanyl.   That is the reason I joined with Senator Portman to introduce  legislation to close the loophole that allows substances like fentanyl  to be shipped into our country in the mail using the U.S. Postal  Service. That is what the traffickers are doing. They are sending these  drugs in the mail to our country from China and from other places.   Under current law, the U.S. Postal Service doesn't require advance  electronic data for packages entering the country. That makes it easier  on the traffickers and harder for our law enforcement officers to  locate packages that contain illicit drugs. Our commonsense legislation  requires that these shipments provide this data to make it easier for  our Customs agents to detect packages containing synthetic drugs and  stop them from being shipped to communities across the country.   The way I look at it is this: If Target--a hometown company in  Minnesota--can find a pair of shoes in Hawaii from a simple SKU number,  I would think we would be able to stop traffickers and criminals from  sending in incredibly dangerous drugs that literally can kill people  with an amount basically the size of a pinch of salt, that we would be  able to stop them from bringing this into the country in U.S. Postal  Service packages. That is just wrong.   With 318 million international packages having entered our country  without advance electronic data last year, it is clear that we must do  more. I look forward to this measure being signed into law as part of  this package.   Another provision in this legislation is a provision called the SALTS  Act that I authored with Senator Graham. It passed the Judiciary  Committee in May. Our bill will help to crack down on criminals who  sell and distribute analogue synthetic drugs. Senator Graham and I have  been trying to pass this for a long period of time, and I am glad this  is finally getting done.   The issue of synthetic drugs hit home for me when, a few years ago, a  19-year-old from Blaine, MN, died after overdosing on a drug called 2C- E. Back then, I introduced a bill to outlaw 2C-E and eight similar  substances, and it was signed into law as part of a broader bill. I  remember we worked on that with Senators Graham, Grassley, Schumer, and  others, and we combined the bill and were able to get those listed on  the illegal drug list. But that is not enough because we are seeing  that new synthetic drugs are constantly coming into the market.  Criminals are adjusting the chemical composition of these drugs, so as  we get one listed, they just change it a little bit so that it is no  longer contained on the list because it has a different chemical  composition. But it is still an illegal drug manufactured for the  purpose of getting people hooked.   The bill Senator Graham and I have crafted will make it easier for  law enforcement to prosecute the criminals who traffic what are called  analogue drugs--similar drugs where compositions have been changed  enough to make it so that they are not on the list. The bill addresses  a loophole in current law that allows drug dealers to skirt the law by  labeling these drugs as ``not intended for human consumption'' when  they are placing people in danger every day. They slap that label on  and say ``See, we didn't mean that to be illegal,'' and they change the  composition so it is not illegal on the list.   What our bill does as part of this opioid package is it allows for  the consideration of factors to help to make clear that these dangerous  substances really are intended for human consumption no matter what  label they slap on them, such as the substance's marketing, labeling,  or the difference between its price and the price at which the  substance that it is represented as--like candy or bath salts--is  normally sold. That is a good clue that it is not just candy or bath  salts.   Since I first introduced this bill, the Drug Enforcement  Administration has taken action to emergency schedule fentanyl  analogues on a temporary basis. But we know that criminals are  continuing to come up with new analogue drugs, and this measure will  help us to meet those threats.   The last provision in this bill that I want to talk about is based on  legislation that Senator Rubio and I introduced, and that is the  Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act. Our bill targets unscrupulous  actors who prey on patients seeking treatment to exploit their health  insurance by making it illegal to provide or receive kickbacks for  referring patients to recovery homes and treatment facilities. These  kickbacks are already illegal under Federal healthcare plans like  Medicare, but there is no Federal law to prohibit them in private  health insurance plans. When people are struggling with addiction,  their focus should be on getting well, not on worrying whether  treatment facilities are trying to take advantage of them to make more  money. It is simply outrageous. Our bill will crack down on healthcare  facilities or providers who try to game the system to take advantage of  these vulnerable patients.   Those are three provisions I have worked on that are in this bill,  but, as we know, there is a lot of other good work that has been done  in this bill. In the end, the way I look at this is that our first goal  is to stop people from getting addicted in the first place. That means  doing all we can to stop this fentanyl, carfentanil, and all the  illegal drugs from coming in. That means providing education in our  schools so kids understand what is happening and how dangerous these  drugs are. That means working with our doctors and healthcare providers  so they are not overprescribing opioids. We now know that four out of  five heroin users got their start on legal prescription drugs. We want  to put limits--and that is going on all over the country with  Republican and Democratic Governors--and we must do more here.   The second piece of this is making sure we have treatment available  for people who are addicted. There are all kinds of work being done on  treatment, from SUBOXONE, to the work that is being done in the medical  device industry as they look at potential ways to get people off of  these drugs, to traditional treatment methods. We have to be openminded  to all possibilities to get people off of these drugs because once  addiction occurs, they are very hard drugs to kick. That means we are  going to have to put in resources to combat that.   I personally support Senator Manchin's bill, the LifeBOAT Act, which  is a commonsense approach that allows a one-penny additional fee on  each milligram of active opioid in these drugs so that that money can  be used to pay for treatment. We should be using those kinds of  innovative ideas at the Federal and State level.   The last point is to go after the bad guys, the people who are trying  to get people hooked on these drugs. That is  [[Page S6474]]  where two of the bills I just discussed--the analogue bill with Senator  Graham and the bill that Senator Portman introduced with me, the STOP  Act, which requires the Postal Service to track these packages--it is a  combined effort.   There is a law enforcement piece of this, but we cannot forget that  at its core, we want to stop this cycle where people are getting  addicted. And when they do get addicted, when that happens, we have to  get them the treatment they deserve.   I used to be a prosecutor in the criminal justice system, and I  always said that we wanted to run our office as efficiently as  possible. We wanted to use business techniques in how we ran an office.  But there was one important way that we were not like a business: We  didn't want to see repeat customers. We didn't want to see people  cycling in and out of the criminal justice system. The best way we can  ensure that doesn't happen is by making sure that people get the  treatment they need so that they can go on to lead happy, productive  lives.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   