 Mr. Speaker, first let me thank Congressman Tonko for  leading this important hour in memory of our beloved friend and  colleague, Congresswoman Louise Slaughter. Every time I walk on this  floor, I still look for Louise. Actually, Paul, right there. The void  that she has left is just unbearable.   Her passing was devastating news for all of us here, but I must once  again send my thoughts and condolences to her beautiful daughters, her  grandchildren, to her entire congressional district, the State of New  York, and really, to our entire country.   Louise was a dear friend and mentor, and she was an unparalleled  legislator. Of course, she loved her district and fought for them with  passion, intellect, and dedication.   I also want to say to Louise's staff how much I know, like Anna said,  that she loved you and she respected you. I have to say, around here  poaching is a no-no. Well, Louise poached one of my staff members, and  I told her. And when we talked about it, I said: I am so happy, Louise.  You are the only Member that I would be happy about poaching.   And so thank you, all, because I know she loved you, and I was happy  to allow Louise to poach my staff because she did an incredible job for  Louise.   Louise invited me to her district several times. I tell you, the love  and the respect all across her district, I witnessed. I said, if only  my district saw this, how she brought people together, because I think  we could learn a lot from Louise's ability to build coalitions.   I remember when I first came to Congress, yes, 20 years ago--April  21, it will be 20 years--Louise came up to me and she said: Honey.   She called everybody ``Honey,'' as you know.   She said: I want to be your friend, and I want to get to know you.   She said: I want to invite you to come up to Seneca Falls to mark the  150th anniversary of the Declaration of Sentiments.   I tell you, that was quite a remarkable moment for me to be with  Louise Slaughter, and we became close friends from that day forward.   She was a trailblazer, the only microbiologist in Congress. She had a  Ph.D. She was brilliant. Also, watching Louise work late into the  night, past midnight, but yet she stayed engaged and energized no  matter how late the Rules Committee worked. She used her role, though,  as chair to fight for children and for families, for women, for  communities of color, for those living below the poverty line.   Another remarkable thing about Louise was her humor. Any Member of  Congress, just ask anyone, Republican or Democrat, and they will tell  you a story. They will share a story about her sense of humor. Yet  Louise was very direct. She did not mince her words. She was a straight  shooter, and you never had to guess where she was coming from.   I remember when her dear husband, Bob, passed.   I got to know Bob because we traveled together several times.   When Louise came back, she told me: Honey, I couldn't live if I  didn't have this job. I love serving the people of my district. I love  helping the people of western New York. I love serving this country.   This was her life's work.   Finally, let me just say I not only lost a colleague, but also a dear  friend. My prayers are with her family and friends, her staff, her  district. Louise will have a lasting place in history, though, and her  spirit is with us tonight. She was a woman who exuded grace, dignity,  intelligence, and she touched and enriched all our lives.   Louise, we will miss you so much. May you rest in peace. May God  bless you.   And again, I thank Paul for this opportunity.   