 Mr. President, I join my colleagues, Senators Markey,  Wyden, and Hassan, on the floor to add my name to a resolution to  overturn the FCC's decision, which is ill-advised and very wrong as it  relates to growing an innovation economy.   The internet is one of our most important national economic drivers.  In 2017, our internet economy produced more than $1 trillion in output  and created nearly 200,000 new jobs. In my State, Washington, it has  provided a platform for new innovation across many platforms and  applications. As a result, 13 percent of our economy is based on  innovation and technology. This economic activity supports 250,000  jobs. To say that the FCC's stymieing of the internet is acceptable is  fighting words for the State of Washington.   From increasing access to healthcare, such as telemedicine, to making  sure we find more affordable healthcare, to reforestation after natural  disasters--the internet is providing great tools and solutions for all  of these things.   Last week, several companies from my State joined me in expressing  opposition to the FCC and calling on Congress to pass this  congressional resolution sponsored by my colleague Senator Markey and  all of the Democrats. These companies know this resolution is  important.   Redfin, an internet company based in Seattle, is trying to address  new ways of doing real estate business. It is a full-service real  estate online tool that has helped save $400 million in how we process  home sales.   Another company, Deja vu Security, spoke about how, if you really  want to be great on attacking cyber intrusion, you need to know when it  happens, not after the fact or after a 20-minute delay because you are  not paying the highest rates.   Seattle-based DroneSeed uses drone technology to help reforest lands  after natural disasters.   All of those companies joined me in saying that they wanted to see  the FCC's actions overturned and that they wanted this resolution to  pass. Why? Because they know this is a big part of our economy.   Tech innovators got to where they are by having an open internet and  a level playing field. This really is about cable versus the internet.  It is about big cable companies that want to charge more to consumers  and businesses versus startups and individuals who want access to these  new applications.   Just three big cable companies control access to the internet for 70  percent of Americans, and over the past decade, the prices that  Americans pay these kinds of companies have risen almost twice as fast  as inflation. What the FCC is doing is giving cable companies the  ability to raise your rates even more. That is what this debate is all  about.   I hope our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will at least  take a chance and look at this and understand that by giving all of  that power to three big cable companies, they are going to charge more  for internet access; that charging more or slowing down service for  people who won't pay will have an undue impact on consumers and the  economy. That is why we are out here fighting, because so much of the  internet economy is based on an open internet, so much of a rural  economy that is helping us grow jobs in rural parts of the United  States or even just our ag economy that depends so much on current  internet information as decisions are made. Are our farmers going to be  charged more because they aren't willing to pay the cable rate that you  wanted?   I join my colleagues in saying let's pass this congressional  resolution that basically says there has to be a free and open  internet. Let's get back to the innovation and the creation of more  jobs, not artificially slowing down the internet and giving a big win  to cable companies.   I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.   