 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on  H.R. 2809, the ``American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act of 2017''.  Before turning to my substantive concerns with the bill, I must note my  disappointment with the process followed by the Majority--a process  that led to the Majority's putting this bill on today's suspension  calendar without any attempt to engage with the Minority to address our  concerns in the ten months since the bill was marked up in the Science  Committee. That is not the way we should be legislating in this House.   However, here we are. I would anticipate that very few Members have  had any opportunity to review this legislation or to examine the issues  it raises. So in my remaining time, I will attempt to identify a few of  the concerns I have with this bill.   First, H.R. 2809 proposes a significant realignment of governmental  space organizations, and a very significant increase in the  responsibilities and authorities to be given the Department of  Commerce's Office of Space Commerce--an office that currently has only  a handful of employees. These would include the authorization and  supervision of nongovernmental space activities. At the same time, the  FAA's Office of Commercial Space Transportation (FAA AST), which has  built up significant expertise and staff over the years in the areas of  licensing commercial space launches and reentries and which has  coordinated authorization of a non-traditional space mission, would  have no significant role in any of the commercial space activities  covered in this bill beyond launch and reentry licenses. As a result,  DoC will have to build a new bureaucracy to carry out its new duties,  and in the process have to duplicate the skills that already reside in  FAA's AST. All of this would be set in motion without a single House  hearing on the proposal or any other substantive review of it.   At the same time that the Department of Commerce is given those  significant new responsibilities, including ensuring compliance with  the Outer Space Treaty, something that has been and is a core  responsibility of the State Department, the bill would significantly  limit DoC's ability to disapprove a certification application as long  as the paperwork is complete, regardless of any non-Outer Space Treaty- related concerns involving U.S. international obligations that the  application might raise. Again, all of these measures are included in  the bill without any substantive prior congressional review of the  proposals. I could go on and cite other examples, but in the interests  of time I will just note that the bill also would significantly weaken  the enforcement of the international standards and guidelines covering  ``planetary protection'', i.e., the prevention of contamination of  scientifically important sites on planetary surfaces or moons that  might accrue from commercial space activities. These standards and  guidelines were largely shaped by NASA through years of engagement in  relevant international bodies, but the bill would replace them with a  largely laissez-faire approach to the problem of potential  contamination by commercial space activities.   Mr. Speaker, I will stop with that example. I could cite concerns  raised by a number of agencies, including NASA, but the reality is that  none of them are going to be resolved by today's House debate on the  suspension bill H.R. 2809. The potential for unintended negative  consequences from provisions that have not been thoroughly vetted  should give all of us pause, as should the pages and pages of comments  from agencies such as NASA that warrant attention before the Congress  finalizes legislation. For example, NASA's has raised a concern about  the bill's ambiguity as to whether its activities will be subject to  the oversight of another federal agency, especially those that involve  the use of commercial services as part of a NASA mission, which could  adversely impact its ability to carry out its challenging initiatives.   In closing, the bill before us attempts to address important issues  that need our attention if we are to appropriately balance the needs of  the emerging commercial space industry and the government's  responsibility to protect the interests of America's citizens and honor  our international obligations. It makes a positive contribution to the  debate on how best to proceed in undertaking future commercial and  governmental space endeavors. However, for the reasons I have already  discussed, I think the bill is only partially successful in that  attempt. In any event, many of these complex issues are not going to be  resolved by a single piece of legislation and will likely require  legislative efforts over multiple Congresses. That said, the bill  before us does represent a useful starting point for discussion and  debate. As a result, I do not intend to oppose this bill moving out of  the House today. Instead, if after this bill leaves the House, the  Senate decides to engage on this legislation or its own legislative  approach, I hope and expect that the issues I have flagged today--along  with others--will receive the bicameral scrutiny that they deserve.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr.  Lipinski for his leadership on this issue and for introducing this  legislation.   Scientific research conducted at our nation's universities and  national laboratories has had an undeniable impact on our daily lives.  The societal impacts of research have been varied. Scientific advances  have improved public health and safety, increased our national  security, enhanced our quality of life, and advanced our economic  competitiveness.   The societal benefit of research is only realized if the science  successfully makes it out of the laboratory. This does not always  happen, and in fact, the successful commercialization of scientific  advances is largely the exception, rather than the rule.   The path from the laboratory to the market is difficult to navigate.  Many promising ideas are never considered for commercialization, while  some researchers invest significant time and money into launching a  startup only to realize that there is no market for their innovation.   The commercialization of scientific research is an important driver  of economic growth. Now, more than ever, global competition is pushing  companies to innovate and incorporate new technologies into their  business models. At the same time, researchers are generating  innovative products, processes, and services with the potential to  transform entire industries.   To maintain our position as the global leader in technological  innovation, we must ensure that we are realizing the full economic  potential of federal investment in research. Other countries have  caught on to research as one of the secrets to our success, and they  are nipping at our heels.   To accelerate and streamline the process of maximizing the impact of  research beyond the laboratory, the National Science Foundation  launched its Innovation Corps, or I-Corps, program in 2011. The NSF I- Corps program leverages existing curriculum, tools, and educational  resources to prepare grantees to identify and pursue commercial  opportunities with their NSF-funded research.   Since it was established, the I-Corps program has successfully  provided entrepreneurship training to nearly 3,000 individuals at over  200 universities. Combined, I-Corps grantees have raised over $100  million, with $30 million coming from private investors. Grantees have  used the skills and networks they gained from their I-Corps training to  start over 360 companies.   The success of I-Corps has generated significant interest from  individuals outside of academia. The Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of  2018 expands the reach of I-Corps by extending eligibility to SBIR  grantees and other outside entities. The bill also builds upon the  existing I-Corps curriculum by adding a course to help research  ventures that are ready to be brought to market.   I encourage my colleagues to join me in support of this bill.   