 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for  yielding, and I make the very point that there are three Members on  this floor today from the Judiciary Committee who have an enormous  amount of seniority, who have seen the long journey that our talented  genius-based musical icons in our Nation have traveled to come to this  point, and so I say congratulations.   In the markup, I indicated that there was a harmonious sound coming  from the Judiciary Committee and that it was evident that we could work  together in a bipartisan manner.   I thank the chairman, Mr. Goodlatte, and the ranking member, Mr.  Nadler, who have been intimately involved; and I am reminded of all of  those who have come in and out of my office through the years as I  served on the Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet Committee  some years back and that they were still traveling even in this year,  2018.   So I applaud Mr. Collins and Mr. Jeffries for providing that musical  tone. This is a very important bill. It is an important bill because it  was an inconsistent patchwork that governed the industry that was in  dire need of reframing, and the MMA 2018 addresses that patchwork. And  specifically, under title II, it finally gives a just compensation to  those artists who recorded works prior to 1972.   First and foremost, the MMA is a proposition that is supported by  both the majority of songwriters and publishers and the digital service  providers.   Secondly, it modernizes the process and brings music licensing into  the 21st century--long overdue.  [[Page H3540]]    Third, it puts unclaimed royalties in the hands of the content  community, rather than sitting with digital services. It streamlines  the streamline.   Fourth, it finally creates a comprehensive database, and confidence  grows in the market.   And for all of those individuals who provided us the joy that was  earlier mentioned, it creates a formalized body run by publishers that  administer the law, the mechanical licensing and compositions streamed  on services like Spotify and Apple Music, and others; it changes the  procedure by which millions of songs are made available; and it funds  the creation of a comprehensive database, but, more importantly, it  helps those who prerecord it.   My tribute to Aretha Franklin, Dionne Warwick, the late Jackie  Wilson, Duke Fakir, The Shirelles, French Family in Houston, Bun B,  Trae tha Truth, and the late Crickets, the Ebony singers in Houston,  the Houston Grand Opera, Mrs. Barbara Tucker, End Jazz, Jason Moran,  Kirk Whalum, Howard Harris, Imani children's band, Kashmere jazz band;  and, of course, gospel, Kirk Clark, Kathy Taylor, Michael McCain, and  Georgia Adams. Houston is a hub, Mr. Speaker, and we are celebrating  because of this bill. I congratulate everyone.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Music Modernization Act of 2018  (MMA) of which I am an original cosponsor.   This bill has arrived at its current state through the diligent work  of various stakeholders involved, including the music industry,  congressional staff, and Members of Congress.   Hours of debate, negotiation, and deliberation have yielded a product  of cooperation and compromise.   I commend the industry and the parties involved in drafting this  bipartisan solution--it is rare that this committee reaches such  agreements when considering major legislation.   Houston, being a music hub with its Grammy Award winning orchestra  and Grammy nominated rappers including my dear friend Bun B from  Underground Kingz, will certainly benefit from this legislation  becoming law.   The exemplary efforts exhibited by the music industry in this  instance, with the goal of solving problems and addressing a wide  variety of stakeholder concerns, are a model that this committee and  this Congress should use as inspiration to best serve the American  people.   The need for this legislation is clear; much of the current licensing  system was established in an analog era, with non-digital physical  recordings done song-by-song, using compulsory licenses first  established in 1909.   In addition, artists who recorded works prior to 1972 do not receive  any digital performance royalties under federal law, and current  statute does not ensure that non-recording artists such as producers,  sound engineers, and mixers receive revenue from webcasts of their  work.   The inconsistent patchwork that governs the industry is in dire need  of reframing and the MMA 2018 addresses that patchwork and specifically  under Title II, finally gives just compensation to those artists who  recorded works prior to 1972.   With the MMA, Congress is fulfilling its duty to provide order and  guidance to the faulty program currently in place.   The United States has the most innovative and influential music  culture in the world, but its legal framework for music licensing dates  back to the age of the Victrola.   There is a widespread perception from across the industry that this  complex framework is under strain and needs updating.   The last general revision of the Copyright Act took place in 1976  following a lengthy and comprehensive review process carried out by  Congress, the Copyright Office, and interested parties.   Congress significantly amended the Act in 1995, with the Digital  Performance Right in Sound Recordings Act (``DPRSRA''), and 1998, with  the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (``DMCA''), to address emerging  issues of the digital age.   While the current Copyright Act reflects many sound and enduring  principles, and has enabled the internet to flourish, it could not have  foreseen all of today's technologies and the myriad ways consumers and  others engage with music in the digital environment.   First and foremost, the MMA is a proposition that is supported by  both a majority of songwriters and publishers and the (Digital Service  Providers)--two groups who rarely agree.   Secondly, it ``modernizes'' the process and brings music licensing  into the 21st century.   Instead of bulk Notices of Intention--the environmentally unfriendly  process of sending actual physical letters of intent to each publisher  for each share of each song--the licensing will be done electronically.   Third, it puts unclaimed royalties in the hands of the content  community, rather than sitting with the Digital Service Providers.   Fourth, it finally creates a comprehensive database.    While various companies and services have a version of a database,  U.S. publishers have not agreed on one that is both comprehensive and  accurate.   As part of the MMA, the digital service providers will pay for the  creation and maintenance of a database that will finally put all  mechanical licensing information in one place that is accessible to  all.   Finally, it provides streaming services with confidence that, if they  follow the process, they can accurately and comprehensively license all  the musical works on their service without fear of billion dollar  lawsuits against them.   And confidence grows markets and boosts economy.   A number of interested music industry groups have come together to  create a consensus bill that makes several major changes including:  Title I--Music Modernization Act.   The Music Modernization act creates a formalized body, run by  publishers, that administers the ``mechanical licensing'' of  compositions streamed on services like Spotify and Apple Music (these  companies are referred as Digital Service Providers or DSPs).   The bill reflects how modern digital music services operate by  creating a blanket licensing system to quickly license and pay for  musical work copyrights.   It changes the procedure by which millions of songs are made  available for streaming on these services and limits the liability a  service can incur if it adheres to the new process.   Discusses music litigation that generates legal settlements in favor  of simply ensuring that artists and copyright owners are paid in the  first place without such litigation.   The MMA funds the creation of a comprehensive database with buy in  from all the major publishers and digital service providers.   Ends the flawed U.S. Copyright Office bulk notice of intent system  that allows royalties to go unpaid.   The bill also creates a new evidentiary standard by which the  performance rights organizations American Society of Composers,  Authors, and Publishers (ASCAP) and Broadcast Music Incorporated (BMI)  can argue better rates for the performance of musical works on DSPs.   It implements uniform rate setting standards to be used by the  Copyright Royalty Board for all music services.   The bill shifts the costs of the new licensing collective created by  the bill to those who benefit from the collective--the licensees.   The MMA updates how certain rate court cases are assigned in the  Southern District of New York.   Title II--Compensating Legacy Artists for their Songs, Service, and  Important Contributions to Society (CLASSICS) Act provides a public  performance right for pre-1972 recordings.   Title III--The Allocation for Music Producers (AMP) Act ensures that  record producers, sound engineers, and other creative professionals  receive compensation for their work   I urge my colleagues to join me in support of the MMA.   