 Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for yielding me time  and for his tremendous leadership as our ranking member on the Defense  Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition once again to this bill. I think  the House has taken it up now for a third time this year.   Let me just start by saying I grew up in a military family. I am a  military brat. My dad fought in World War II and in the Korean War. He  was stationed, among his posts, at Fort Bliss, Texas.   And I want to say that supporting our troops, making sure that they  have everything they need, is extremely important. And opposing this  budget, for me, of course, does not reflect my support for our troops.   But I just have to tell you, this bill appropriates the $664 billion  in defense spending for this already out-of-control Pentagon budget. It  also includes more than $75 billion for wars that Congress has never  debated or voted on. And what is worse, this bill includes $1.2 billion  in overseas contingency operations to increase troop levels in  Afghanistan by 3,500 troops. This is really outrageous, and this fund  should really be eliminated.   Now, the Pentagon has failed to achieve the requirement to audit  itself by 2017, and we know that billions of dollars have been found in  waste, fraud, and abuse. That is unacceptable.   Instead of writing blank checks--which is what I think this bill  does, another blank check to the Pentagon--Congress needs to live up to  its constitutional obligation to complete an audit, first of all, to  determine how to make sure we have a rational defense budget that  protects our national security and supports our troops, not to provide  excess contracts that lead to waste, fraud, and abuse. We also need to  debate matters of war and peace.   So we need to pass my amendment, which I tried to do, quite frankly,  last year in this very bill, that would sunset the 2001 AUMF, and it  would give us 8 months--not immediately, but 8 months--to debate and  vote on a new one before it would be enacted. It took 3 days to enact  the last one. That is what the debate was. I am asking for 8 months.   This important amendment would provide Congress plenty of time to do  our job and finally have a debate on matters of war and peace. However,  even though my amendment passed the Appropriations Committee in a  bipartisan fashion, Republicans unilaterally decided to strip this  amendment from the bill, really, I have to say, in the dead of night.    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, this was very undemocratic and underhanded, and  it makes me wonder: What is the Speaker afraid of?   So I asked for my amendment to be debated and voted on on the House  floor, and again Republican leadership refused--really a shame. Our  brave troops deserve us to come together and do this so that they know  that their country has their back.   I voted against the 2001 authorization because I believe it opened  the door for any President to wage endless war without a congressional  debate or vote. Quite frankly, unfortunately, history has borne that  out.   According to the Congressional Research Service report, the 2001 AUMF  has been used more than 37 times in 14 countries to justify military  action. This report examines only unclassified incidents, and it was  conducted 3 years ago. So how many other operations have been conducted  without the knowledge of Congress or the American people? These  authorizations have also been used to justify perpetual wars that are  thousands of miles away.   I will conclude by saying that now any President--any President--can  unilaterally wage war under this outdated authorization forever,  really, until it is repealed. Now we have an administration bent on  increasing our presence in Afghanistan and never leaving Syria, both  wars that the American public know nothing about.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this bill, and reject this  wasteful spending.   