 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the Trump  administration's recent proposal to expand offshore drilling to more  than 90 percent of U.S. waters. This handout to Big Oil executives puts  short-term corporate profits ahead of the long-term health and  livelihood of America's coastal families, and it ignores the growing  threat posed by climate change.   This administration is too weak-kneed to stand up for American  families, too weak-kneed to say ``enough is enough'' when Big Oil  executives demand more, and Big Oil executives keep demanding more  because they don't like being told that any area is off limits.   Big Oil didn't like being told that the extraordinary natural,  cultural, and historical value of Bears Ears and Grand Staircase- Escalante made them off limits for fossil fuel development. So  President Trump opened up much of the previously protected land for  future drilling and mining.   Big Oil didn't like being told that the Arctic National Wildlife  Refuge, one of America's last untouched expanses of wilderness, was off  limits. So President Trump and this Republican Congress included a  provision in the Republican tax bill to allow drilling for the first  time in this pristine reserve.   Big oil didn't like being told that our coasts, which provide the  homes and livelihoods for millions of Americans, are off limits. So the  Trump administration, faithful as ever to whatever Big Oil wants,  issued a proposed offshore drilling plan that would allow drilling in  more than 90 percent of America's coastal waters. In doing so, the  Trump administration is threatening the Atlantic coast with unwanted  oil drilling for the first time in more than 30 years, threatening to  introduce new drilling rigs to the Pacific coast for the first time in  30 years, threatening the eastern Gulf of Mexico with drilling for the  first time in more than 10 years, and threatening to illegally reopen  portions of the Arctic for drilling in areas that were permanently  protected in 2016.   Our coasts are working waterfronts supporting hard-working families.  This unprecedented expansion of offshore drilling endangers hundreds of  thousands of jobs that depend on the health of our oceans. In  Massachusetts, there is shipping in and out of Boston, fishing from  Gloucester to New Bedford, and tourism and small businesses on the Cape  and the Islands. The ocean is our lifeline, as it is for so many  coastal States and towns around the country.   The multibillion-dollar coastal economy has been a key part of the  American economy since our Nation's founding. Our coastal communities  are united in opposition to an expansion of offshore drilling. They  understand the risks that Big Oil imposes on them.   Our coastal communities remember when the BP-Deepwater Horizon  oilspill occurred in 2010. One offshore oil well blew and caused the  Deepwater Horizon drilling rig to explode, and what was the  consequence? It killed 11 workers, injured 17 more, and unleashed one  of the worst environmental disasters in human history. Nearly 5 million  barrels of oil gushed into the ocean, contaminating more than 1,300  miles of coastline and nearly 70,000 square miles of surface water.  Millions of birds and marine animals died from exposure to the oil and  other toxic chemicals. The gulf fishing industry lost thousands of jobs  and hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue, and the spill  devastated the gulf's coastal tourism economy. The environmental and  economic devastation hit working families and small businesses across  the entire region.   A commission formed to investigate the BP oilspill concluded that  there were ``such systematic failures in risk  [[Page S152]]  management that they place in doubt the safety culture of the entire  [offshore drilling] industry.'' The Federal Government vowed to crack  down on the offshore oil industry that had been cutting corners at the  expense of worker safety and environmental safety. The Bureau of Safety  and Environmental Enforcement studied ways to improve oil rig  inspections and issued new rules of the road to try to prioritize  safety.   But President Trump has abandoned that safety-first approach. He  ignores the lessons of the BP oilspill. Instead, he listens to his Big  Oil friends. Last month, the administration began rescinding key safety  regulations designed to protect our coastlines from another BP spill  disaster. I just want to give one example.   In 2016 the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement  implemented new rules to require independent, third-party certification  of safety devices on oil rigs. It is not a bad idea to get someone  independent to take a look at oil rigs before people put their lives at  risk and hundreds of thousands of people could lose their livelihoods  if an accident occurred--not a bad idea. But the Trump administration  has said that this commonsense approach is an ``unnecessary . . .  burden'' on industry. Just to be clear, this so-called burden would  amount to less than a penny on the dollar for an industry that already  enjoys tens of billions of dollars in taxpayer subsidies. That is less  than a penny on the dollar to protect the livelihoods and maybe the  lives of people living on our coasts.   The Trump administration's insistence on padding the pockets of Big  Oil while small coastal towns are left carrying all the risk is a  perversion of how government is supposed to work, but this is what  happens when the Republican Senate allows leadership positions at the  Department of the Interior to be filled with industry insiders who  reward their past--and, in many cases, their future--employers, rather  than serving the American people.   American families deserve forward-looking leadership that builds for  the future and ensures that America will lead in the necessary fight  against climate change, but President Trump thinks leadership is  handing over management of our public resources to the Big Oil  executives who are looking to stuff their pockets while they can, and  he chooses to ignore the writing on the wall.   Our planet is getting hotter, and 16 of the last 17 years were the  hottest on record. Our seas are rising at an alarming rate. Our coasts  are threatened by furious storms that can sweep away homes and  devastate even our largest cities. Many communities are just one bad  storm away from complete devastation. Our naval bases are under attack,  not by enemy ships but by rising seas. Our food supplies and our  forests are threatened by an endless barrage of droughts and wildfires.   The effects of man-made climate change are all around us, and things  will only continue to get worse at an accelerating pace if we don't do  something about it. Will addressing climate change be tough? You bet it  will. We will need to retool, to install offshore wind turbines instead  of President Trump's offshore drilling rigs. But there is no country  and no workforce in the world that is more willing and more able to  tackle the challenges of climate change head-on than the United States  of America. Yes, it is hard, but it is what we do. It is who we are.   The American people deserve leadership that knows the strength of the  American people; leadership that believes in the innovative resolve of  American workers ready to build clean energy infrastructure of the  world; leadership that will deliver a clear message to the Big Oil  executives, hell-bent on protecting their own short-term profits and  who don't like being told that a place is off limits; leadership that  will not chain our economy to the fossil fuels of the past; leadership  that does not ignore the realities of climate change; and leadership  that does not put our coastal communities at further risk of another  devastating oilspill. The American people deserve leadership that works  for their interests, not for the interests of Big Oil.   I yield to my colleague.   