 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, once again, I stand on the floor of this  great body to urge my colleagues to support American manufacturing and  American workers.   The first shovel was struck into the ground in Rome, New York, to  build the Erie Canal, which started the Industrial Revolution in  America on July 4, 1817. We were booming. Paul Revere started his  company there. Remington Arms was founded just down the road in Ilion,  New York, which supplied our military with firearms. These two iconic  companies remain, but many more have left.   Throughout our Nation and the region that I represent, factories that  once boomed with activity and production are now shuttered and empty.  Meanwhile, an entire segment of the population has been pushed out of  the workforce.   President Trump described the America we know in central New York in  his first inaugural speech: Our manufacturing plants are now ``rusted  out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape.''   In the 22nd District, the Rust Belt of New York, and in many other  regions across this Nation, economic activity has been on a consistent  downturn. Well-paying manufacturing jobs have become increasingly hard  to come by, leaving former industrial communities like ours empty as  families and businesses flee in droves. In my home State of New York,  we have lost 1 million residents since 2010 alone.   Here in Washington and in State capitals across the country, special  interests have been placed before the American worker. It is time to  put our citizens and our workforce first.   Mr. Chairman, the amendment that I have introduced will level the  playing field for American companies, and it will show our American  workforce that they have not been forgotten. And importantly, it will  reduce our military's dependence on foreign goods.   For 30 years, the Berry amendment included a domestic sourcing for  stainless steel flatware. However, in 2006, the provision was removed  when Oneida Limited, once in our region, the sole Berry-compliant  manufacturer in the U.S., closed its U.S.-based factories and moved its  operations to China, where almost all flatware is now manufactured.   In a true American comeback story worthy of a Hollywood Cinderella  story, two former Oneida Limited employees opened a new company,  Sherrill Manufacturing.   Greg Owens and Matt Roberts purchased Oneida's closed factory and old  equipment. They refurbished the old equipment and opened Sherrill  Manufacturing. They hired many former Oneida Limited employees and now  have a workforce of nearly 80. The product line Sherrill employees  create is appropriately known as Liberty Tabletop.   This former factory ``tombstone'' on our landscape is now a symbol of  American ingenuity, craftsmanship, hard work, and freedom.   The story of rebirth has given hope to my district. Sherrill  Manufacturing has a strong and proven record of selling high-quality  products at market prices. Since 2008, Sherrill has been among the top  providers of flatware to the Department of Defense and the General  Services Administration, fulfilling more than $6.8 million in Federal  contracts over the subsequent 8 years.   While I understand that there may be some concerns that this domestic  sourcing provision will increase costs, GSA has already found  Sherrill's flatware to be offered at ``fair and reasonable'' prices,  which is a major reason why the agency already purchases flatware from  Sherrill.   Most importantly, my amendment retains all existing waivers under the  Berry amendment, unlike some other Berry amendments. In the case of  negative changes to price or quality, the Department of Defense can use  other sources of flatware, including in other countries. Under this  amendment, it doesn't cost the Department of Defense anything to use  Sherrill.   Mr. Chairman, at this time, it is true that the only current Berry- compliant flatware manufacturer is located in my district. It is  Sherrill. However, that does not mean that others who support domestic  manufacturing cannot begin production and comply with this amendment.   Opening a door for American manufacturers can encourage entrepreneurs  across the country to start an operation of their own. My amendment  encourages the American, free market principles of competition and  ingenuity. Again, this amendment does not cost the Department of  Defense.   Passing this amendment will prove to American entrepreneurs and  visionaries that Congress' stated support for American jobs and  American manufacturing is not merely just lip service. It shows  Congress is committed to putting our Nation back on the path to  prosperity.   I would like to thank my colleagues who had cosponsored this  bipartisan amendment: My fellow New Yorker, Representative  John Katko,  who has 15  [[Page H4663]]  businesses in the neighboring New York district he represents that are  a part of the Sherrill Manufacturing supply chain; Representatives  Poliquin and Lipinski, both great supporters of domestic sourcing and  Buy America; Representative Walter B. Jones, a dedicated member of the  House Armed Services Committee; and Representative Tim Ryan, an  outspoken advocate for American manufacturing.    Mr. Chairman, again, I want to emphasize that this  amendment supports American manufacturing, helps a domestic supply  chain that spans 40 congressional districts from New York to  California, and decreases the Department of Defense's dependence on  foreign producers and goods.    Removing the variability and uncertainty that comes with foreign  sourcing of necessary materials for our military is the smart thing to  do, considering almost all our goods of this type are now made in  China.   Mr. Chairman, today we have the opportunity to give American  manufacturing the boost it deserves, while adding a measure of  certainty to DOD procurement, and I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   