 Mr. Speaker, I want to express my  appreciation for the leadership of Representative Culberson in setting  this special time to give recognition to Mrs. Bush.   We honor the life and legacy of First Lady Barbara Pierce Bush, a  great Texan and a great First Lady, a remarkable woman.   For her 92 years on this Earth until her taking her last breath on  April 17, she demonstrated constant examples of radiant elegance,  abundant courage, and brilliant intellect. When the news of her death  was announced, people from every political party, religious faith,  background, color, and creed mourned her with the Bush family.   She transcended the differences that are all too often exploited and  gave us a living example of goodness that can bring people together as  human beings. During times of trouble in the administration of both her  husband and her son in Washington, she remained a beacon of hope,  standing firm against the most horrific of storms. Even those who  violently disagreed with the policies of both Presidents found comfort  in the wisdom and compassion of Mrs. Bush.   I always admired Mrs. Bush's charisma, her true patriotism, and the  leadership she demonstrated in advocating for stronger literacy  programs. As our Nation's First Lady, Mrs. Bush made sure our young  people were better off through her commitment to charitable causes and  passion for service. She was a strong advocate for both civil and  women's rights and policies during her husband's administration, which  spoke volumes to her character and the legacy she leaves behind.    Four living Presidents, including her husband and her son, paid  homage to Barbara Bush at the memorial service celebrating her life and  legacy. Nearly 1,500 friends and admirers came to be with the Bush  family and to say good-bye to a woman who had befriended many of them.   Hours after the internationally televised service concluded, she was  laid to rest in a grave located on the grounds of the George Bush  Presidential Library and Museum in College Station. She was buried next  to her daughter, Robin, who passed away from cancer when she was just 3  years old.   We all have been blessed to bear witness to a truly exceptional woman  who embodied what she believed: those who have been blessed with  abundance have a responsibility to assist those who were not as  fortunate.   There are many whose lives were enhanced by the service,  graciousness, and the love that First Lady Barbara Bush carried in her  heart and soul.   Mrs. Bush took pride in her family and taught them to love and serve  others. I hope her family can take solace in knowing that she is in a  better place watching over them.   All of us will miss Barbara Bush. Her truthfulness, her fairness, her  elegance, and her passion. The Nation and the world is a better place  because she lived amongst us, giving all that she could without malice  or animosity.   