 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Hawaii, and  our sympathy is with the State of Hawaii as they respond to this  volcanic eruption. I noticed on the news this morning that they were  referencing it could be as bad as Mount St. Helens. Trust me, that had  a devastating impact on our State. I hope that all Federal agencies are  helping in whatever ways they can with Hawaii's natural disaster.   I also thank her for talking about the importance of net neutrality.  I, too, have come to the floor to defend the open internet. It is a  pro-consumer, pro-innovation rule that we have to build on because it  is worth 7 percent of our GDP and 6.9 million jobs. That is what the  internet economy is.    The net neutrality rules that we are fighting for today have four  bright-line rules that help businesses, help consumers, and help our  internet economy to grow. They are these: No. 1, don't block content;  No. 2, don't throttle content--that is, don't slow it down--and No. 3,  don't create paid prioritization, which is like in the Burger King ad  saying: If you want the next Whopper available, pay $15. I think they  did a pretty good job of showing what would happen if you had every  business operating that way. No. 4 is transparency, to make sure that  you know exactly what you are getting charged for.   The Obama-era Federal Communications Commission adopted rules that  basically protected consumers and businesses on those four things. Why  did they do that? Because there were some who were trying to eke their  way into making more money off of consumers and businesses on what is  basic service.   Title II was the regulatory framework that the Obama-era FCC used to  make sure that consumers were protected. They were the strongest tools  available, and they helped to make sure that there was not monopolistic  behavior that would harm businesses.   The rule that was established by the then-Federal Communications  Commission was an open internet with the FCC being the cop on the beat.  That is to say, if you have these rules, you also have to have someone  who is going to enforce them, someone who is going to look at the  monopolistic behaviors of cable companies or providers and say: That is  unfair to consumers and businesses.   But under the Trump-era FCC, all of those rules were thrown out. That  is why we are here today. I and my colleagues are saying that we want  to go back to the protections of the internet that are called ``net  neutrality'' to make sure that the FCC--instead of a passive entity  that just OKs every charge that cable companies want to do--says: These  are rules about not slowing down content, not engaging in  [[Page S2693]]  monopolistic behavior. These things are wrong, and we are going to be  the policeman on the beat.   The FCC can protect consumers and innovators, and they can make sure  that internet traffic does not violate an open internet. But, as I  said, the Trump-era FCC is trying to throw out these strong rules, and  cable companies are already--already--starting to raise prices for  higher speed.   In Vancouver, WA, Comcast recently announced that higher speed tiers  would be available but only to consumers who purchase expensive paid  TV-internet bundles. That is why we are here. Because while it sounds  like: Why do we want to give cable companies the opportunity to  throttle, block, or create paid prioritization, we also have to realize  that today the internet economy is so much bigger than it has ever  been; that it is a job creator and an innovator. In my State, it is 13  percent of our economy, and thousands of jobs that continue to grow  every day as new applications for the internet are created.   It is so important that businesses, which are even using these apps  to help run their businesses more efficiently, continue to get access  to those tools. But what about an internet in which a cable provider  decided to artificially slow down that website and thereby create a  disincentive for the very things that are helping to make our  businesses more efficient?   So we want to make sure that the FCC does its original job. What is  that? Well, they are there to promote development and adaptation of  communication networks in the public interest. They are serving  consumers, and that is the center of their mission.   The center of their mission should not be serving cable companies.  That is why courts have said to the FCC: If you want to have the  authority to protect an open internet, you have to do that under title  II. Basically, the court explained that if enforcing open internet  principles and being a watchdog against abuses is important to the  FCC's mission of promoting the deployment and adoption of  communications in the public interest, then, those powers have to flow  from title II of the Communications Act. So that is why the Obama-era  FCC adopted those rules.   Today we know that the internet is a basic necessity. It provides  access that helps our healthcare delivery system work, our education  system work, our banking system work, shopping, and all sorts of things  that make it a necessary tool in life today.   When a service is that essential and critical to individuals and  communities and their economic success, we need to make sure that  consumers have protections and to make sure that it is not abused.   In the United States, just three providers of internet access have  about 70 percent of consumers. In any market with only a few players,  it is essential that we protect businesses and consumers, and that is  exactly what title II does. It helps to protect us from a cable company  gouging and its close cousin--paid prioritization.   Title II makes sure that the barriers to entry are not erected so  that entrepreneurs or startups that want to bring new products to  market aren't artificially slowed down and a larger competitor that can  pay more for it can continue the access.   Just recently, we had an event with Redfin, a company that is  changing the real estate market in the Pacific Northwest by helping to  drive down the cost to consumers for real estate purchases. They made  it very clear that Redfin was able to develop today because it had an  open internet and its consumers and business partners could connect to  it. But in a world where they were just starting out new and they had  to pay for prioritization to get good broadband service, they may not  have been as successful.   These rules--title II--give expert agencies the tools to look behind  the curtain and make sure that cable companies are providing the  services that do not violate an open internet.   There is a reason that cable companies don't want to follow these  rules. It is because they want to make more money. I get it. They want  to make more money. But I would say that with 40 percent of Americans  having no choice in whom they buy internet services from, we have to be  much more vigilant. These companies have several vertically integrated  companies at the top, and they are seeking to amass more and more  content. That could give them the tools, again, to block content, to  slow it down, or to x out a competitor if they so choose. I do not want  to see the FCC sitting on the sidelines and not policing this kind of  environment.   I know that AT&T is now trying to merge with Time Warner. These large  companies want to continue to amass content and to drive the  marketplace. The American Consumer Satisfaction Index tracks consumer  satisfaction, and these big companies are at an all-time low. Do  consumers think they are going to do the right thing on their own? Do  they think cable companies will do that?   The cable industry ranks at the very bottom of 43 industries in  consumer satisfaction. In fact, it has been in the dead-last position  for 5 years. So does the public think they are doing the right things  when it comes to them or their businesses? I think that survey says it  all. They have great concern.   One of the reasons cable companies give for why they don't want to  follow net neutrality rules is because they say it will hurt their  investment in networks. Well, I guess I would ask the question: Did the  Obama-era FCC rules slow down investment? No, they didn't. The big  cable companies continued to make investments in their networks.   In the year immediately following the FCC rule that went into place,  the entire industry showed that the total capital expenditures  increased by more than $550 million above the previous year's  investment. For example, in a 2017 earnings report, Comcast, the  Nation's largest broadband provider, noted that its capital  expenditures increased 7.5 percent to $9 billion and that it continued  to make deployment in platforms like X1 and wireless gateways.   Likewise, AT&T spent $22 billion on capital investments, up $20  billion from the previous year.   In fact, 2016 represents the industry's highest single-year jump in  broadband network investment since 1999.   So the notion that they are somehow going to slow down on investment  is just not true. The historic growth came after companies had a full  year to digest the impacts of title II and net neutrality rules being  put in place by the Obama-era FCC.   So where are we today? Well, these companies continue to make money,  and they want a free pass on continuing to make more. That is why our  goal is not the profits of big cable companies. Our goal is to make  sure that the internet economy continues to grow and the juggernaut of  job creation and innovation continues to expand.   We want the internet ecosystem that has doubled as a percentage of  GDP from 2007 to 2017 to continue to grow. As I said, in my State it is  about 13 percent of our State's economy, and I spend practically every  day in the Senate hearing about another innovation from someone in my  State. It might be the farm economy and more efficient ways to produce  products or get products to market or manage their livestock. It might  be in telemedicine and helping someone from one side of the State to  the other to get access to care. It might be as basic as connecting  people to their families and loved ones, but it is the internet that we  know today that is so integral to our lives.   I hope the commonsense legislation in front of us--the CRA--which  would restore those Obama-era FCC net neutrality rules, passes. I hope  our colleagues will understand that getting exorbitant internet fees  from cable providers is not the direction the American people want to  go. American entrepreneurs, innovators, and consumers cannot afford to  take that hit. What they want to see is an open internet--one that  continues to allow so much more of the internet economy to flourish.   Let's make sure that we say to the FCC: We don't want you folding or  sitting on your hands. We want you to police the internet, and we want  you to have the rules to do it.   That is why we must pass the CRA today. I hope our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle will join us, because there is just too much at  stake in our innovation economy.   I thank the Chair.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S2694]]    