 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the underlying  legislation, H.R. 5895, and urge adoption of my amendment to division C  of the bill, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations  Act for fiscal year 2019. This amendment would increase critically  needed funding for suicide prevention and outreach programs as part of  a broader mental health service for our veterans.   Veterans make up less than 9 percent of the U.S. population, yet  veteran suicides account for 18 percent of all suicides in America.  After adjusting for differences in age and sex, that puts the risk of  suicide at 22 percent higher among veterans than for civilian adults,  and the suicide rates for female veterans has risen more than 85  percent since 2001.   This tragic trend is even more egregious in my home State of Arizona.  According to a recent study by Arizona State University Center for  Violence Prevention and Community Safety, Arizona veterans are nearly  four times more likely to take their own lives than nonveterans.   This study shows that veterans in Arizona committed suicide at a rate  of 55 per 100,000, compared to a rate of 14 per 100,000 for nonveterans  in Arizona. In my home State, that means veterans are 391 percent more  likely to commit suicide than nonveterans--391 percent.   Despite these stark and startling statistics, studies and data across  the board consistently show that mental health services, and,  specifically, suicide prevention for veteran populations, continue to  go unmet. It is not enough to simply talk about studies and statistics  and hope for the best. Lip service will not save lives.   For over 500,000 veterans that call Arizona home, this can be a life  or death issue. Today and every day, on average, 20 veterans took their  own lives--20 of my fellow warriors, 20 heroes, 20 loved ones, sons,  daughters, mothers, fathers, 20 vets who often survived combating the  enemy in conflict, only to come home and take their own lives.   Mr. Chairman, this is unacceptable. When they raised their right hand  and took an oath that they were willing to defend our freedoms with  their lives, we have a covenant that we got their back, and we are  going to give them everything that they need.   I urge my colleagues, please, to support my amendment and ensure  funding for suicide prevention programs is increased and we save their  lives.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the ranking  member for their commitment to our vets and to preventing suicide of  these warriors, and I urge our colleagues to support the amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.   