 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support H.R. 5759,  the 21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act of 2018. This  bipartisan legislation, which was reported out of the House Oversight  and Government Reform Committee by voice vote, seeks to modernize and  improve the delivery of citizen facing and internal digital services by  government agencies.   This legislation builds on the Connected Government Act that I  authored and which was signed into law last year. Like the Connected  Government Act, the 21st Century IDEA requires federal agency websites  to be mobile friendly and secure by providing citizens with an improved  customer experience. The bill requires agencies to upgrade their online  experiences, provide a digital, mobile friendly option for any paper- based form, requires a plan for the expanded use of electronic  signatures, and establishes federal agency chief information officers  as the responsible officials inside the federal government for carrying  out these requirements. All critical factors in improving customer  experience.   American citizens deserve and expect a modern, cost effective digital  experience when interacting with the federal government. Recent data  from the IRS shows that in-person or live assistance calls to the  agency cost taxpayers between $40 and $60 on average, while digital  transactions cost only $0.22 on average. A recent 2017 Forrester  Research study on Federal Customer Experience Index also found that,  ``federal websites and mobile apps still offer experiences that are  worse than those provided by nondigital channels like physical  locations and call centers.'' The need for enhanced citizen-facing  digital service delivery is clear and will dramatically drive down the  cost of government operations and improve customer experience.   Restoring the United States Government's global leadership in  technology and digital government requires a new approach. To that end,  H.R. 5759 is needed to modernize federal agency websites, support the  increased use of mobile devices, transition away from paper-based forms  and in-person transactions and bring the U.S. government into the 21st  Century.    