 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3978, a package  of commonsense solutions, each passed with support of both parties by  the House Financial Services Committee. Madam Speaker, I also thank  Congressman Hill of Arkansas for his leadership in moving the package  forward.   One of these solutions is H.R. 1645, the Fostering Innovation Act,  legislation we introduced to help Arizona biopharmaceutical companies  make lifesaving breakthroughs.   Business expenses always involve tradeoffs. When Arizona small  businesses spend money on costly regulations that provide little public  benefit, they have less money to invest in research, development, and  job creation for Arizona families.   That is why I introduced this bill. This narrow fix ensures that  innovative emerging growth companies, or EGCs, have the time and  capital to develop and perfect scientific breakthroughs. Right now,  they are exempted only for 5 years from these costly external audit  requirements. That is often not enough time for these emerging  companies to prepare innovations for commercialization. Our bill  temporarily extends this exemption for an additional 5 years for a  small subset of these EGCs with an annual revenue of less than $50  million and less than $700 million in public float.  [[Page H1164]]    The Fostering Innovation Act empowers innovative Arizona companies,  like HTG Molecular Diagnostics, to use valuable resources to remain  competitive, stable, and, ultimately, successful.   HTG is a Tucson-based developer of targeted molecular profiling  technology. This innovation ensures genetic testing can be turned  around accurately and quickly, in as little as 24 hours. For patients,  doctors, and families grappling with unexplainable symptoms or  illnesses, genetic testing can provide critical insights and inform the  best course of treatment.   These are lifesaving breakthroughs. It is what companies like HTG  should use their limited resources to fund, not unnecessary and costly  paperwork.   I urge my colleagues to support American ingenuity, job creation, and  growth by passing this act.   Mr. Speaker, I thank, in particular, Chairman Hensarling and  Congressman Hollingsworth of Indiana for working with me on a consensus  solution that cuts red tape and supports innovative and potentially  lifesaving medical research.   