 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this  Continuing Resolution because we must stop kicking the can down the  road, and that is all this Countinuing Resolution will do.   The Republican approach to governing has been to pass short term  extensions of programs and Continuing Resolutions that merely delay the  hard work of making decisions on the big issues facing our country.   This is now the fourth stop-gap Continuing Resolution for Fiscal 2018  that we are being asked to consider. Each time Republicans have said  they need more time to deal with this crisis of their own making. And  yet each time, they have failed to negotiate with Democrats to make any  progress toward the bipartisan budget agreement that we need in order  to develop responsible appropriations bills.   Instead, Republicans are again bringing a bill to the floor that  fails to address the big challenges our nation faces. This CR does not  help Americans recovering from the hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico, the  Virgin Islands, Florida, and Texas and the wildfires and mudslides that  have ravaged California. It does not fund community health centers that  people depend on for their healthcare or help those who need assistance  battling opioid addiction. It does not protect those in danger of  losing their pensions, and it will not stop our nation from hitting its  debt limit.   Republicans have also failed to negotiate in good faith on a solution  to the crisis that President Trump himself created for the millions of  Dreamers living in this country.   Dreamers are American in every way but their citizenship, and due to  the President's actions, more than 16 thousand of them have lost their  DACA protections, an average of 122 per day. Tens of thousands more  Dreamers will eventually lose their jobs and their protection against  deportation if we do not take action.   As the author of the Dream Act in the House, I believe we must act  NOW. It is inhumane to force Dreamers to live in fear and uncertainty.  They can't afford to wait until the last minute for a solution, as  Republicans have done so often while leading Congress.   Governing by repeated CRs is neither governing nor leading. It leaves  federal agencies such as our Department of Defense unable to plan for  the future or begin new initiatives, which undermines our national  security and leaves our homeland more vulnerable. This is not how the  appropriations process is supposed to work.   We cannot keep kicking the can down the road. I oppose this CR and  urge my colleagues to vote no so we can get the job done now.   