 Mr. Chairman, first, I commend Chairman Thornberry,  Ranking Member Smith, and the committee staff, who have worked many,  many long nights on the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authorization  Act, a bill that displays a true example of bipartisan support.   The Subcommittee on Readiness' portion of the bill takes important  steps to aid readiness recovery and improve our military's readiness.   The bill includes a number of provisions aimed at improving readiness  of the surface Navy. This is a priority for the subcommittee,  especially following the four incidents that occurred in the Pacific  last year. While the Navy has taken steps to address issues identified  in the Strategic Readiness Review and Comprehensive Review, additional  steps are still necessary.   The bill also includes reporting requirements to improve oversight of  key readiness issues and assess readiness over time. We further address  military installations and infrastructure by supporting resiliency,  force protection, research and development, and improvements to our  defense communities.   The bill provides continuing support to our DOD civilian personnel,  who are invaluable to military readiness. Their hard work does not go  unnoticed.   I especially thank Chairman Thornberry for following through on his  commitment to me to include my provision to address the critical  workforce shortages on Guam for our construction and healthcare  industries.   I also thank Ranking Member Smith and the distinguished Subcommittee  on Readiness chair, Joe Wilson, for all of their support.   It is important that we address Guam's workforce challenges to meet  requirements of our international agreements and for enhancing our  regional security. I look forward to continuing to work together to  protect the full intent of this legislation.   This bill also supports American ship repair jobs on Guam and the  United States. The bill requires the Navy to treat vessels without a  homeport as if they are homeported in the U.S. or Guam. This will  ensure that scheduled maintenance of these ships is performed, as  intended, at domestic American shipyards rather than in foreign  countries.   In addition, the bill prohibits the Navy from redeveloping Guam's  former ship repair facility for any purpose other than to support  depot-level maintenance, to include the mooring of a floating dry dock.  The Navy should maintain depot-level ship repair capability, especially  in the Western Pacific.   Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle as this process continues.   