 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Green for  being an outspoken advocate for his constituents, but especially for  affordable healthcare for all Americans, especially children. It has  been a privilege serving with him.   Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the families with children with complex  medical needs all across America, I rise to urge approval of the  IMPROVE Act, which includes a bill that I have been working on for a  number of years with Representative Joe Barton called the ACE Kids Act.   We drafted the Advancing Care for Exceptional Kids Act a few years  ago with the simple but important goal of putting families and children  first. The bill authorizes the creation of cost-saving and time-saving  health homes where specialized care is coordinated in a high-quality  setting.   Mr. Speaker, the children with complex medical conditions and their  families are heroic.   Caroline West in Tampa, Florida, has a rare genetic condition, also  cerebral palsy and a seizure disorder. She can't walk. It is very  difficult for her to speak, but she is able to attend school part-time  and enjoys the life of a typical teenager, in many respects.    Lucy Ferlita is the only living person in the United States with  early onset myopathy with areflexia, respiratory distress, and  dysphagia. Very little is known about this disease, but what we know is  that it is very difficult for her to eat. She has to have a feeding  tube, a ventilator to breath, and nursing care 24 hours a day, and yet  she is a bright and social 6-year-old.   Jaden Velasquez has a congenital heart defect. He was born with it.  The left side of his heart is severely underdeveloped. He has undergone  numerous surgeries, yet he is a loving and happy 10-year-old, loves  swimming, and is enjoying life.   Lakota Lockhart, with congenital central hypoventilation syndrome, a  central nervous system disorder, causes him to not be able to breathe  every time he tries to sleep.   I met these children in Tampa, Florida, at St. Joseph's Children's  Hospital. They have the world-renowned Chronic-Complex Clinic that was  started 16 years ago by a passionate pediatric doctor named Dr. Daniel  Plasencia. The ACE Kids Act is modeled after the work being done at St.  Joe's by the professionals at the Chronic-Complex Clinic and the 700  kids and families they currently serve and other children's hospitals  all across the country.   The families have shared with us how difficult it is to get quality  healthcare. It is oftentimes so fragmented and uncoordinated that they  have to go from one office to another, and maybe the specialist is in  another State. That is why we put together the ACE Kids Act, to help  coordinate care in a single setting to help give these kids a better  quality of life, and the ACE Kids Act will do just that.   The bill provides an incentive to States to establish health homes to  better coordinate care for kids with medical complexities. It also  directs HHS to provide guidance to States on best practices relating to  providing care across State lines.   As so many of these families know all too well, coordinating care  across State lines can be burdensome, so that is the aim of the ACE  Kids Act: to lift that burden.   In addition to Congressman Joe Barton, who has worked diligently for  so many years to get this over the finish line, I thank all of the  families with children with complex medical challenges. They deserve  credit for moving this bill forward, coming to Congress, and helping to  explain the importance of coordinating care.   I also thank Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Pallone, Chairman  Burgess, and Ranking Member Green for their support, and our stalwart  partners: Representatives Herrera Beutler, Eshoo, and Reichert.   Thank you to America's children's hospitals, the March of Dimes, the  American Academy of Pediatrics, and thanks to the professional staff at  the committee for your dedication to these families, especially Rachel  Pryor, Samantha Satchell, Tiffany Guarascio, and Josh Trent and Caleb  Graff on the Republican side.  [[Page H10049]]    Additionally, this bill would not be where it is without the stellar  work of Representative Barton's staffers: Krista Rosenthall, Gable  Brady, Sophie Trainor, and Jeannine Bender, and my LD, Elizabeth Brown.   Passage of this bill will be a gift to so many families during this  holiday season and beyond, so I urge my colleagues here in the House  and then over in the Senate to pass the ACE Kids Act contained within  the IMPROVE Act.   