 Mr. President, I rise today to join many of my  colleagues who have come to the floor to speak about our country's  third branch of government; that is, our courts.   Senators have a solemn obligation to advise and consent on the  President's nominees to our Federal courts. As a member of the  Judiciary Committee, I take that obligation very seriously.   As Senator Merkley--who is heading up this evening's speeches and has  brought a number of people together--knows, it is not just an  obligation of  [[Page S5022]]  members of the Judiciary Committee; it is also an obligation of  Senators, when they look at the judges who are coming out of their  particular States, to make sure that this is a person--whoever the  nominee is--who represents our country as an independent voice and  someone who respects precedent as a member of the Federal bench,  whether it is on the Supreme Court level or whether it is on the  circuit or Federal district court levels.   In the U.S. Senate, we are here to do the people's business and not  the President's business. This is an important job, particularly when  it comes to nominees to our Nation's highest Court. The next member of  the Supreme Court will make decisions that will affect the lives of  people across the country for generations.   In the last decades, the Supreme Court has decided whom you can  marry, where you can go to school, and--for people like my grandpa, who  was a miner and who worked 1,500 feet underground his whole life--how  safe your workplace is. Those are decisions that affect people and  their lives.   The next Justice of the Supreme Court will make decisions that will  affect the lives of people across the country, determining whether  health insurers can deny coverage to people who are sick or have a  preexisting condition or whether women's rights are protected. These  are all cases that will be coming to the highest Court of the land. It  is for this reason that it is critical that here in the Senate, we do  our jobs and thoroughly examine Judge Kavanaugh's record.   This is part of our jobs in evaluating Supreme Court nominees,  regardless of which party controls the White House. In fact, when  Justice Elena Kagan's nomination was considered, because she had worked  for an administration, approximately 171,000 pages of documents were  made available.   Given Judge Kavanaugh's years of service on the DC Circuit, as well  as his previous work in the Bush administration, we will need to do due  diligence in reviewing the record. That is part of our job.   For a lifetime appointment to our Nation's highest Court, the  American people deserve no less. This is especially important because,  for me, many of Judge Kavanaugh's past rulings are very troubling.   One area that I am concerned about is, of course, related to Judge  Kavanaugh's record on consumer issues. I have done a lot of work in  this area, and, of course, I am concerned about the Executive power  issue. I would say that is a paramount concern, as well as some of his  other decisions regarding healthcare and women's healthcare, but I want  to discuss the consumer issues because I don't think they get a lot of  attention, and they should. They matter to people in their everyday  lives.   In his current job, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau, which protects consumers when it comes to everything  from credit cards, loans, and mortgages, was unconstitutional. He also  went out of his way to dissent against net neutrality.   Judge Kavanaugh also wrote a dissent that would have limited a  woman's access to contraception, and he ruled against allowing a woman  the right to control her own reproductive health in a decision that was  later reversed by the full DC Circuit.   We also know that Judge Kavanaugh has criticized the case called  Chevron, which ensures that health and safety rules stay on the books.  It is about how you consider agency decisions and the experts in the  agencies. As I noted in Justice Gorsuch's hearing, overturning Chevron  would have titanic, real-world implications, jeopardizing rules that  protect health and public safety, requirements against lead-based  paint, and clean water protections for our Great Lakes.   Finally, as I noted at the beginning--I will sort of end with my  discussion of his rulings as I began--there are concerning implications  to Judge Kavanaugh's writings, which support an expansive view of  Executive power. It is an important moment, this moment in our  country's history. We just saw the President of the United States stand  next to Vladimir Putin and not publicly raise any of the issues that I  thought should be raised, and we have Members of both parties gravely  criticizing those decisions.   What I can say to the people of our State is, no matter what happens  in the White House, our Founding Fathers set up a system of checks and  balances. There is a check because of the courts, which can make  decisions when they interpret our Constitution. There is also a check  because of the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate.   What does Judge Kavanaugh say about this? When they are in school,  kids are told--and I know I was told this--that no one is above the  law. But decisions he has made and his writings would not lead you to  that same conclusion, that simple lesson that we were taught.   When you look at the article he wrote for the University of Minnesota  Law Review, as well as one in the Georgetown Law Journal, he has an  incredibly expansive view of Executive power. He has said that we  shouldn't even have a special counsel process, when in fact Members of  the Senate, including those on the Judiciary Committee, Democrats and  Republicans, have gone the other way and said: Yes, we want the check  of a special counsel investigation when it is necessary--as it has been  found to be in this case by the Trump Justice Department--but we want  to make sure that the special counsel is protected. That is what the  Judiciary Committee said.   We passed a bill out of the committee that strengthened that law and  made it harder for someone to fire the special counsel. Yet in his  writings, Judge Kavanaugh said that the President should be able to  fire the special counsel. He also said that the President should be  able to deem whether or not a law is constitutional. These are  certainly questions I will be asking about in the Judiciary Committee,  and I think we have a right to do that.   Yes, we can ask about a case that is before the Court, but before I  came to the Senate, I had seen numerous nominees, including Supreme  Court nominees, answer questions about cases such as Brown v. Board of  Education and Griswold v. Connecticut. Justice Alito answered a  question about that case.   A number of the nominees on the Supreme Court today have answered  questions about settled precedent, and I believe we should be able to  ask Judge Kavanaugh those questions and receive answers, especially for  cases that are 45 years old.   People can have certain views on issues. Everyone does; judges do.  But they have an obligation to follow the Constitution, to follow the  law, and to respect precedent, and that is going to be our job so that  the American people can understand where this nominee is coming from.   First, we will review all of those documents I talked about that are  sure to come our way, and then, secondly, we will ask the questions the  American people expect us to ask and get the answers they deserve to  have.   I would also like to briefly address one of the two circuit court  nominees before the Senate this week, because even as we review the  President's Supreme Court nominee, we cannot lose sight of the  importance of our lower Federal courts. The overwhelming majority of  cases are decided by these lower courts. That is why it is imperative  to have judges who are fair and committed to equal justice under the  law for all Americans.   One Senate tradition that has been key to the appointment of good  judges has been the blue slip. The blue slip is a check and balance  that has promoted cooperation and better decision making about judges  across party lines. It is for that reason that I am deeply concerned  that the Ninth Circuit nominee now on the Senate floor will be  receiving a vote, despite not having a blue slip from either home State  Senator.   Prior to his nomination, no judge has ever been voted out of the  Judiciary Committee--since I have been there--without a blue slip from  either home State Senator. Since the tradition has been in existence,  we have said that there should be a blue slip. There is no blue slip in  this case. If Mr. Bounds is confirmed, he will be the first judge in  history to be appointed to the Federal bench without a blue slip from  either Senator from his home State.    This is all the more concerning, as noted by Senator Merkley and  Senator Wyden, because they have tried to  [[Page S5023]]  work with the White House in a bipartisan manner to find a qualified  nominee to fill this vacancy. They convened a bipartisan committee of  Oregon lawyers to review applications and make recommendations. This  committee included attorneys chosen by those two Senators, as well as  by Republican Congressman  Greg Walden.   This is how judicial vacancies in Oregon have been filled for the  past two decades, including the time when former Republican Senator  Gordon Smith was in office.   So it is extremely unfortunate that my colleagues have disregarded  this process. I respect them very much. I think they should have had a  say. I think they should have been consulted, and I think we should  follow the blue-slip process.   Thank you very much, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   