 Mr. President, Donald Trump promised during his inaugural  address to fight for ``the forgotten men and women of our country,''  but in Donald Trump's Washington, the Senate sits on its hands as the  revolving door spins faster and faster. Brian Montgomery is just the  latest in a line of bankers, lawyers, investors, and consultants who  cashed in on their big-time public service and now want back in.   Mr. Montgomery has just been confirmed to be the Commissioner of the  Federal Housing Administration, the FHA, which provides taxpayer-backed  insurance that helps millions of Americans buy homes they might not  otherwise be able to afford. Lenders make loans to these families  because the FHA gives them some protection in case the families  default. Like any insurance, there are strict rules about who  qualifies. Unless it is managed well, the FHA could expose taxpayers to  a risk of billions of dollars in losses.   Mr. Montgomery knows something about the FHA. He was the Commissioner  from 2006 to 2009 while the housing market was flying high and when it  all came crashing down. Since almost the day he left, he has been  making buckets of money selling his knowledge to banks who broke the  rules and are trying to escape the consequences.   Here is what I mean. One month after leaving the FHA, Mr. Montgomery  founded and became vice chairman of a new company called Collingwood  Group which, according to reports, was known in the housing finance  industry as a specialist in helping firms navigate FHA-related  penalties and lawsuits. Who better to navigate the rules of the FHA  than the guy who used to be in charge of the FHA?   One of Collingwood's clients was Wells Fargo. They were in trouble  for defrauding FHA, and in 2016 paid HUD a $1.2 billion fine. That is  billion with a ``b.'' Wells Fargo admitted that from 2001 to 2008, it  had lied to the FHA about whether certain loans were eligible for FHA  insurance. Mr. Montgomery was in charge of the FHA from 2006 to 2008  and let that fraud happen. After he left, he went to the other team,  giving Wells Fargo the inside scoop on how to beat the rap.   Collingwood also represented U.S. Bank. In 2014, U.S. Bank paid $200  million for defrauding FHA. In its settlement, U.S. Bank admitted that  ``from 2006 through 2011, it repeatedly certified for FHA insurance  mortgage loans that did not meet HUD underwriting requirements.'' The  taxpayers paid Mr. Montgomery to manage the FHA for 3 of those years,  and he didn't stop the fraud. When he left, U.S. Bank paid him to help  them get away with it. I guess it pays to be an inside guy.   I have seen some amazing cases of people spinning through the  revolving door, but this one might take the cake. First, Montgomery  runs an agency that puts taxpayer money on the line. While there, he  looks the other way as the banks submit piles of fraudulent mortgages.  The government then loses millions and millions of taxpayer dollars.  Then, Mr. Montgomery waltzes right out the door and 1 month later  starts a company advising the same big banks on how to pay the  government back as little as possible for frauds they committed on his  watch.   Look, he may have the best of intentions, but we can never expect the  American people to trust Washington if we approve nominees like Mr.  Montgomery. It is bad enough that he put taxpayer money at risk by  looking the other way as the banks committed fraud and then bad enough  that he got rich working for those same banks. Now the Senate is  letting him go back and do it all over again? No way. It is finally  time to crack down on the revolving door.   Mr. President, 10 years ago, as the economy lurched toward a  financial crisis, millions of American families braced for the impact.  Over the next few years, almost 9 million families lost their jobs and  millions more lost their homes and their savings. Giant banks--pillars  of Wall Street for generations--crumbled, bringing communities across  this country with it.   In the aftermath of the crisis, Congress passed commonsense rules to  make sure Wall Street could never again crash the economy and leave  American families with the wreckage, but Donald Trump thinks that Dodd- Frank is ``a disaster,'' and he has promised to do a ``big number'' on  the safeguards it created. He hired an army of bankers and bank lawyers  from Wall Street to do the deed, and now Jelena McWilliams is the  latest piece in the puzzle.   Here is just one example. In the runup to the crisis, giant banks  proved to be terrible judges of risk and ended up sucking down billions  of dollars in taxpayer bailouts just to survive. To fix this, Dodd- Frank directed the banking regulators to set strong capital standards  that limited how much risk the big banks could load up on and required  them to hold enough cushion to survive in case their bets went bad.   Policymakers and regulators from both sides of the aisle agree that  these financial regulations made our economy safer. Former FDIC Chair  Sheila  [[Page S2893]]  Bair and former Vice Chairman Thomas Hoenig--both Republican  appointees--recently wrote in the Wall Street Journal that gutting  capital rules ``would weaken system resiliency.'' Current FDIC Chair  Martin Gruenberg--a Democrat--said that strong capital requirements  were ``among the most important post-crisis reforms'' and has opposed  joint efforts by the Fed and the Treasury to undermine them.   Ms. McWilliams would drop that opposition. In fact, she is not even  sure there was anything wrong with the capitalist standards before the  crisis. That is not the only rule she would roll back. Donald Trump's  Wall Street mercenaries have taken aim at a lot of critical post-crisis  rules, and everything we know about Ms. McWilliams suggests she will  support those efforts. Here is what is on the agenda.   First, there is the Volcker rule, which prohibits bank deposits from  gambling with Grandma's checking money. Banks are looking to scrap this  rule, even though they are raking in literally record profits, but the  FDIC has to agree before there are any changes. As soon as Ms.  McWilliams is confirmed, bingo. Sorry, Grandma.   Next is guidance that prevents banks from offering abusive, short- term loans similar to payday loan products. The OCC has told the banks  it regulates to have at it. With Ms. McWilliams in charge, it is only a  matter of time before the FDIC banks get in the game.   Third, there is also the Community Reinvestment Act, the CRA, which  is designed to make sure a bank serves all credit-worthy customers in  its community, regardless of the color of their skin. Lending  discrimination is rampant in America, even though 98 percent of banks  pass their CRA exams, but banks and the Trump appointees they send to  Washington want to make the test for passing even easier. Under Ms.  McWilliams, the FDIC evidently will not stand in the way.   I could go on and on, but here is the thing. It is not just that I  disagree with Ms. McWilliams or think her actions will make consumers  and our economy less safe; it is that Senate Republicans are stacking  the deck to allow Ms. McWilliams to make these decisions without any  discussion.   The five-member FDIC Board is supposed to be split between  Republicans and Democrats, but the Senate is moving to confirm Ms.  McWilliams before the White House has even nominated a Democratic Vice  Chair for the agency. If Ms. McWilliams moves forward, the FDIC will be  under complete Republican control for an indefinite amount of time.  Democrats should oppose the McWilliams nomination on this basis alone.   Ms. McWilliams is the latest Trump appointee who thinks the biggest  problem with our financial rules is that the government is just too  darn hard on the banks. Most Americans don't feel that way. They want  tougher rules on Wall Street, not weaker ones. We should listen to them  because they are the ones who pay the price when things go wrong on  Wall Street.   I urge my colleagues to vote no.   I yield the floor.   