 Mr. President, first, I wish to thank Senator Blumenthal  for organizing this block of time and for his continued leadership in  the fight to protect women's healthcare. Today marks the 2-year  anniversary of the Supreme Court's decision in Whole Woman's Health v.  Hellerstedt.   That landmark decision struck down two provisions of a Texas law that  imposed medically unnecessary, burdensome requirements on abortion  providers and reaffirmed a woman's constitutional right to access safe,  legal abortion. If the Supreme Court had allowed these provisions to  stand, more than 75 percent of all reproductive health clinics in Texas  would have been forced to close, leaving many women unable to access  the care they need.   Whole Woman's Health was a significant victory for reproductive  freedom, but the assault on a woman's constitutionally protected right  to an abortion has continued unabated over the past 2 years. During  that time, Iowa passed an outrageous bill that would prohibit women  from seeking an abortion after 6 weeks of pregnancy, often even before  these women knew they were pregnant.   West Virginia enacted legislation that would prohibit the State's  Medicaid Program from covering abortion services for low-income  residents. Indiana passed an onerous new law requiring physicians to  report confidential patient information to the State if a woman  experienced complications from an abortion.   Louisiana recently passed a law establishing a 15-week abortion ban  that includes criminal penalties for any physician who performs the  procedure after that time--with only a very narrow exception to save  the life of the mother.   These are the kinds of lengths those who want to limit a woman's  right to choose will go to. Advocates have recognized the harm these  laws would have on women and have filed suits to block their  implementation. Several lower courts have ruled that these restrictions  are unconstitutional and could come before the Supreme Court for review  in the months and years ahead. These laws are only a few of the  hundreds of new restrictions enacted in States across the country that  are harming women's health and violating their constitutional right to  an abortion.   To understand the negative impact of these laws on women, I point to  a recent report from the Guttmacher Institute that found 58 percent of  women of reproductive age in our country live in a State considered  hostile or extremely hostile to abortion rights. Only 30 percent live  in a State supportive of abortion rights. We are talking about millions  and millions of women who are living in States that are extremely  hostile to abortion rights.   Respect for a woman's constitutional rights should not depend on  where she lives. Women in Texas, Louisiana, or Iowa deserve the same  respect as women living in States like Hawaii, where we have some of  the country's most humane, expansive protections for reproductive  rights. In fact, Hawaii was the first State in the country to legalize  abortion. These disparities and protections for women in different  States can have life-or-death consequences for women in need of  reproductive healthcare.   Earlier this year, I shared the story of Dr. Ghazaleh Moayedi--an  abortion services provider who used to practice in Texas but now lives  and works in Hawaii. Dr. Moayedi's story is worth sharing again because  it poignantly captures what is at stake for women living in States with  sweeping abortion restrictions.   In her letter to me, Dr. Moayedi shared the story of a young woman in  her Texas town who sought medical treatment with another provider after  her water broke at 22 weeks. This woman desperately wanted a baby, but  her fetus was not viable outside the womb. Because of Texas's  restriction on abortion services, the patient's doctors were unable to  counsel her on all medically appropriate options, including immediate  delivery.   This patient became increasingly ill and requested an abortion to  prevent her condition from getting worse. The doctors on her case  refused this request. Why? Because Texas law would not allow them to  respond to her request.   After spending 2 weeks in a hospital intensive care unit, this woman  was transferred to Dr. Moayedi's care, where she ultimately had to have  both hands and feet amputated due to severe infection. She also lost  her baby.   Dr. Moayedi recently moved from Texas to Hawaii, where she provides  lifesaving abortion care to women at all stages of pregnancy, including  a woman with a desired pregnancy who was flown in from a neighbor  island for management of her previable labor.   Despite the expert specialist care she received, the patient's water  broke at 22 weeks. At that point, there was nothing Dr. Moayedi could  do to prevent labor. She performed an abortion and saved her patient's  life.   The stark contrast in outcomes for Dr. Moayedi's two patients is  completely unnecessary. Women across the country have a constitutional  right to an abortion, and Congress needs to do more to fight back  against what States like Texas, Louisiana, and Iowa are doing.   It is time for Congress to pass comprehensive legislation that  prevents States from imposing unconstitutional restrictions on  abortions and that ensures every woman has access to the healthcare  they need when and where they need it. We need to pass the Women's  Health Protection Act, a bill introduced by Senator Blumenthal and one  I have supported since its introduction in 2013.   This critical piece of legislation would explicitly prohibit States  from imposing restrictions that limit women's access to safe and legal  abortion services. It would prevent States like Iowa, Louisiana, and  Mississippi from imposing abortion bans before viability; it would  preclude States like Arkansas from restricting access to medication  abortion; and it would stop  [[Page S4488]]  States like Texas from passing laws that impose arbitrary and  capricious requirements on facilities and abortion providers that do  not improve the health of their patients.   Passing this legislation is particularly important following Justice  Kennedy announcing his retirement. The fundamental rights of women  should not be subject to the whims of Donald Trump and whomever he  selects to fill Justice Kennedy's seat. Congress needs to take decisive  action to protect a woman's right to choose. I urge my colleagues to  join me in supporting the passage of the Women's Health Protection Act.   I yield the floor.   