 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding  and, once again, for her tremendous leadership on so many issues as our  ranking member.   As a member of the Appropriations Committee and the Budget Committee,  I rise in strong opposition to this continuing resolution. This bill  kicks the can down the road for the fifth time--mind you, fifth time-- since October. It also shamelessly includes the stand-alone defense  spending bill of $659 billion to an already out-of-control Pentagon  budget.   This bill breaks the budget caps. It includes $75 billion for wars  that Congress has never debated or voted on. It also includes more than  $1 billion in funds to increase troop levels in Afghanistan by 3,500,  not to mention the millions--the billions, actually--in waste, fraud,  and abuse that taxpayers have already lost by irresponsible Pentagon  spending.   This is outrageous. Republicans control the House, the Senate, and  the White House. The least they could do is keep the government open.  Yet here we stand, once again, with no deal on DREAMers and no  agreement on a long-term spending bill.   Clearly, Republicans have no strategy on funding the government. They  would prefer to pass CR after CR after CR after CR. This is beyond  irresponsible, Mr. Speaker.  [[Page H893]]    How long will Republicans govern from crisis to crisis? Nobody can  manage their household or their business like the Republicans are  managing our government spending.   This short-term resolution once again ignores urgent bipartisan  priorities the Democrats have been fighting for for months with  Republicans, the most urgent of which is passing a clean Dream Act.  DACA recipients are American in every way except on paper, and right  now their lives are hanging in the balance. We have less than 1 month  until DACA expires, a deadline that the President, himself, created.   This continuing resolution is really irresponsible, and it is morally  bankrupt.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, this continuing resolution fails to honor the  temporary protective status for immigrants.   It fails to raise budget caps for defense and nondefense spending,  and it neglects to provide desperately needed funding for hurricane-  and wildfire-impacted communities, the opioid crisis, and our veterans.   This bill underscores the majority's complete lack of regard for  everyday Americans and struggling families.   Continuing resolutions leave the American people out on a limb with  no confidence in their Federal Government. This resolution makes it  clear that that is just what Republicans want to do.   The American people sent us to Congress to govern in their best  interest. Now we have spent the last 4 months passing short-term  spending bills one after another, and for what? Because Republicans  refuse to do their job.   Instead of wasting more time on this terrible CR, we should deal with  our bipartisan priorities and fund the government for the long term. It  is the right thing to do for our communities and our country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this bill.   