 Madam President, over 2 months ago, the Senate Judiciary  Committee unanimously voted to advance the Justice for Victims of  Lynching Act of 2018, which I introduced proudly with Senators Booker  and Scott. This is a historic piece of legislation that would  criminalize lynching, attempts to lynch, and conspiracy to lynch, for  the first time in America's history.   Lynching is a part of the dark and despicable aspect of our country's  history that followed slavery and outrageously continued unabated in  our country. According to the Equal Justice Initiative, lynching was  used as an instrument of terror and intimidation 4,084 times during the  late 19th and 20th centuries. These lynchings were needless and  horrendous acts of violence motivated by racism. We must acknowledge  that fact, lest it be repeated.   Lynching is a crime committed against innocent people. These crimes  should have been prosecuted. There were victims who should have  received justice, but they did not.   With this bill we are finally able to change that and correct a  burden on our history as a country. We finally have a chance to speak  the truth about our past and make clear that these hateful acts should  never happen again without serious, severe, and swift consequence and  accountability.   From 1882 to 1986, the U.S. Congress failed to pass anti-lynching  legislation when it had an opportunity 200 times. We now have an  opportunity to pass this bill and to offer some long overdue justice  and recognition to the victims of lynching and their families-- recognition that these are crimes for which there should be severe  consequence and accountability.   I now yield to my friend, the Senator from the great State of New  Jersey, Cory Booker.    Madam President, I thank my friend Senator Booker. It is  truly an honor to be on the floor of the Senate with my colleague and  friend proposing this legislation.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the  Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 3178 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I further ask unanimous consent that the substitute  amendment be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be considered  read a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I want to thank our colleagues for this  incredibly important act of bipartisanship in the U.S. Congress.   Thank you, Madam President.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Thomas  Dotstry, a fellow in my office, be given floor privileges for the  remainder of the 115th Congress.   