 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this three-cornered  minibus before us. It is really the opening pitch of 12 bills of which  we are a part, and it partially funds our Nation's energy and water  development requirements; military construction; the legislative  branch; and, of course, programs to serve our Nation's veterans who put  their lives in service to liberty at home and abroad every day.   Please let me thank Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Lowey, and  our very able subcommittee chair, Mike Simpson, as well as our  committee staff for their tireless efforts to bring this first set of  appropriation bills over the finish line.   Though it is fair to say Republican leaders took the long way to a  bipartisan agreement, we now find ourselves passing three  appropriations bills before the October 1 deadline of the beginning of  the new fiscal year. Something that should not be a momentous occasion  has thus turned into one.   While I don't think that our subcommittee deserves a pat on the back  for simply doing our job, let me note that this is an achievement we  have not seen in many, many years with our bill, Energy and Water  Development. This House must move toward regular order again, and this  sets the pace.   Our specific title contributes to ensuring the critical availability  of energy and water for our Nation's domestic stability, as well as our  national security, not just for today, but for the tomorrows to come.   America has made enormous strides in increasing our energy  independence to close to 90 percent in the short term. No bill is more  important than this one in reaching 100 percent independence as the  strategic goal for our Nation. But it is not yet time to declare  mission accomplished. Future energy security is the ultimate goal we  must continue to strive for.   The nearly $7 billion in funding also in this bill for the Army Corps  of Engineers will ensure continued forward progress across all project  areas. The Corps can contribute mightily to infrastructure investment  for modernization and job creation across our Nation. The Corps' role  in essential flood control is critical as we watch the approach of  Hurricane Florence and we think about navigation and the  responsibilities of the Corps, as well as environmental restoration.   I am grateful for the chairman's continued partnership to address the  Asian carp threat to our freshwater Great Lakes ecosystem, as well as  for funding to keep our Great Lakes ports open to shippers. Our Nation  has a wonderful navigation system that drives economic investment and  undergirds our essential industrial manufacturing base.   This bill makes many other important investments for our Nation,  including reversing the misguided cuts to the Office of Energy  Efficiency and Renewable Energy in the House bill. The compromise  yielded an additional $57 million to sustain the momentum to rapidly  falling prices for wind and solar energy as critical to achieving an  all-of-the-above energy platform.   This funding also allows us to continue investing in the Office of  Advanced Manufacturing, vehicles technology, and bioenergy. These  programs are an investment in clean energy technologies, and they drive  our global leadership in innovation and set us on the path for  continuing job creation.   This bill strongly funds programs that were eliminated in the  President's budget, including weatherization assistance to conserve  energy and the path-breaking office of the Department of Energy's  advanced research, ARPA-E, which unlocks science to build our future  and the progress that goes with it.   Additionally, harmful, controversial policy riders that have no place  in this bill were removed. One dealt with the waters of the U.S., and  one would interfere with an ongoing judicial process. Both would have  seriously hindered passage of this bill.   With regard to funding the VA, I am concerned we have set ourselves  on a course for another self-inflicted crisis when funding for the VA  MISSION Act runs out. Our veterans deserve the best treatment in the  world, not to have their care used as a political weapon for partisan  gain.   Mr. Speaker, again, I thank my colleagues and friends from the  committee, Chairmen Simpson and Frelinghuysen, and Ranking Member  Lowey, for their persistent leadership for our Nation, and to the  Senate for bringing such a good example of bipartisanship, which I hope  we can continue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this package.   