 Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman  from Hawaii (Ms. Hanabusa), and I have an amendment at the desk.  [[Page H6442]]     Madam Chair, this amendment would increase the United  States Geological Survey's surveys, investigations, and research  account by $4,798,500 to accommodate for impacts caused by recent  volcanic eruptions. The offset for this modest increase comes from the  Interior Secretary's administrative account.   On May 8, 2018, in my district, the Kilauea Volcano on the Big  Island, Hawaii, began erupting. The volcanic activity and destruction  has yet to stop or wane. It has destroyed over 700 homes, forcing  thousands of people to evacuate, to seek emergency aid and shelter, and  to somehow find a new future for their lives.   There has never been a more critical time where the United States  Geological Survey's Volcano Hazards Program on Hawaii island has been  sorely needed; however, their office was severely damaged by the  seismic activity from the ongoing volcanic eruptions.   Hawaii island itself has seen hundreds of these types of seismic  eruptions over the last month and a half. As a result, the staff  currently occupy empty spaces at University of Hawaii at Hilo, like  classrooms, or they telework, undermining their quality of work, with  the staff potentially putting their lives at risk.   The United States Geological Survey provides essential information  for the health, safety, and well-being of people all across the State  of Hawaii, and in neighboring locations such as the Marshall Islands,  which has been blanketed by volcanic smog following the Kilauea  eruption.   To most effectively do their job, this team needs a workplace where  they can house their equipment, conduct research, and most effectively  uphold their mission, which is to enhance public safety and minimize  social and economic disruption.   This amendment will provide the necessary resources for this team to  at least temporarily relocate to a suitable location and continue to  carry out their lifesaving historic work.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to help us immediately address this  situation and pass our amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member  for their support for this very timely and important resolution.   I have been on the ground there and have seen how the United States  Geological Survey's HVO is literally monitoring the activity 24 hours a  day, sending out realtime updates to people whose lives and homes and  farms hang in the balance.   Unfortunately, the volcanic activity that we are seeing there right  now is continuing at a very aggressive rate with no end in sight, so  his support for this amendment comes at a critical time, and I really  appreciate it on behalf of my constituents there.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   