 Mr. President, what a pleasure it is to be here on the  Senate floor with such determined advocates on behalf of the families  all across our Nation who are dealing with this devastating disease of  Alzheimer's.   I spoke earlier in the week about the many terrific provisions in  this bill on the Defense appropriations side and on the Labor, Health,  and Human Services part of the appropriations package, but I am  delighted to be here today to shine a spotlight on the additional  funding for Alzheimer's disease.   As a member of the Appropriations Committee, it has been such a  pleasure to work with my colleagues, including Senator Moran, Senator  Capito, and our leader, Chairman Blunt, on this shared priority year  after year. I particularly want to recognize the extraordinary  leadership of Chairman Blunt in making sure that adequate funding is  provided for this devastating disease.   Alzheimer's is the sixth leading cause of death in the Nation, and it  is increasing at unprecedented rates. Like many families, mine too has  known the pain of its devastating consequences. Today, an estimated 5.7  million Americans are living with Alzheimer's.   In addition to the human suffering it causes, Alzheimer's is our most  costly disease at $277 billion a year, with Medicare and Medicaid  covering $186 billion. Without a change in the current trajectory, the  number of Americans with Alzheimer's is expected to triple to as many  as 14 million by 2050, costing more than $1.1 trillion per year and  bankrupting the Medicaid system.   Fortunately, Congress has taken significant actions and in this bill  recognizes the urgent need to continue our investment full speed ahead.   Since the 2011 signing of the National Alzheimer's Project Act, known  as NAPA, which I coauthored with former Senator Evan Bayh, we have  increased funding for Alzheimer's by $1.36 billion. Seven years ago,  NIH received only $440 million for this research, compared to more than  $5 billion for another very serious disease--cancer. Since that time,  we have steadily boosted Federal research dollars for Alzheimer's--to  $936 million in 2016, $1.4 billion in 2017, and $1.8 billion last  year--but this bill before us achieves a milestone because by adding  another $425 million for this research, the total funding for the first  time will exceed the $2 billion mark. This is the largest increase in  history, and it allows us to reach the level that experts have advised  us is necessary to find a means of prevention, effective treatments, or  ultimately a cure by the year 2025.   This has been a bipartisan commitment. Alzheimer's doesn't care  whether you are a Democrat, a Republican, an Independent, or a Green.  It does not discriminate. This robust commitment promises returns such  as we have seen for cancer, diabetes, and other chronic illnesses.  Fueled by Federal support, researchers are beginning to understand more  clearly the complex biology of Alzheimer's with sophisticated new tools  that are leading to better imaging agents and therapies.   NIH research is laying the foundation for precision medicine through  the Accelerating Medicines Partnership for Alzheimer's Disease, which  will produce more targeted therapies that I believe will lead to a  means of either preventing or at least delaying the onset of this  disease. With NIH funds, scientists are also exploring possible risk  factors, including diet, heart health, diabetes, and exposure to  environmental toxins. Results from the Systolic Blood Pressure  Intervention Trial released last month found that lowering blood  pressure is associated with reducing the risk of mild cognitive  impairment and dementia.   Through a $25 million NIA grant, the Jackson Laboratory in Maine is  co-leading the Alzheimer's Disease Precision Models Center with Indiana  University--the first of its kind--to accelerate the most promising  research into therapies from the bench to the bedside. This is exactly  the kind of collaboration and sharing we need to make a difference.   As chairman of the Senate Aging Committee and founder and co-chair of  the Senate Alzheimer's Task Force and as a Senator representing the  oldest State in the Nation by median age, I am committed to making 2020  the dawn of light for Alzheimer's to alter the path for generations to  come. The robust support in this bill represents a historic step  forward that will promise dividends in the future. As glimmers of light  seep through this door that has been shut tight for far too long, we  must continue to push forward. We cannot let up on the accelerator of  funding.   We need to improve the lives of those living with Alzheimer's and  their caregivers. How many of us have seen an elderly parent caring for  a beloved  [[Page S5879]]  spouse with severe dementia? It takes a toll not just on the victim of  the disease but on the entire family and particularly on the  caregivers. That is one reason I have introduced the BOLD  Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Act with Senator Cortez Masto. This  bipartisan bill would promote public health knowledge and awareness of  Alzheimer's disease, cognitive decline, and brain health by supporting  implementation of the CDC's Healthy Brain Initiative: Public Health  Road Map. BOLD now has 48 cosponsors, I am delighted to report, and we  are on track to consider the bill soon in the HELP Committee, led by  Senator Alexander and Senator Murray. BOLD follows our previous  efforts, such as NAPA, and, together with the extraordinary increase in  NIH funding that we are providing today, these congressional actions  are poised to usher in a whole new era in our battle against this  devastating disease.   I have visited research laboratories all across the United States-- the Mayo Clinic, NIH here in the Washington area, Jackson Laboratory in  the great State of Maine, the University of Pennsylvania, Harvard--and  I have seen what is going on in the labs due to the increases in NIH  funding we have provided. It is so exciting. I am convinced that if we  sustain this commitment, we will be able to avoid such tragedy for so  many American families, as well as avoid the tremendous burden of our  Nation's most costly disease.   Again, I salute Chairman Blunt's efforts to continue to press forward  and thank him for his leadership and strong support of biomedical  research.   I yield the floor to the chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Blunt.   