 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about paid family  leave. I want to introduce this topic by saying that politicians across  America, whether they are local, whether they are in State offices, or  whether they are in very important bodies like the U.S. Senate, make  one pledge; that is, to support American families. They promise to try  to make life just a little easier for people who are raising the next  generation, to do what it takes to encourage people to have families  and to have children, so our future is secured not only with a  workforce but also the vibrancy that is America.   It has been 25 years since we adopted the Family Medical Leave Act.  That was a great step forward, and I actually remember when it  happened. I was North Dakota's attorney general cheering from the  sidelines, thinking: We have solved this problem. We are now protecting  parents from losing their jobs and enabling them to care for their  newborns. Unfortunately, it wasn't enough. It wasn't enough because how  many people, even if they have the protection, can afford to exercise  their rights under the Family Medical Leave Act? The answer is very,  very few in my State.    It is absolutely essential that we take this to the next step. It is  essential that we make sure we are not forcing our citizens to choose  between working--as they have to when families live paycheck to  paycheck--and caring for their newborn. Many daycare facilities will  not even take an infant until they are 10 or 12 weeks old. So what  choice have we really given people under the Family Medical Leave Act?   Just 15 percent of the workforce in the United States has access to  paid family leave through their employer. That leaves millions of  people without access to paid leave for time away from their job to  care for a new child or a seriously sick relative.   It is well past the time that the United States of America--the  greatest country in the world--has a Federal paid family and medical  leave policy to truly support working families.   I will tell my colleagues that I find this issue particularly vexing  because North Dakota competes with the rest of the country for  workforce. If you go to California, this benefit is extended through a  State system. If you go to Rhode Island, this benefit is extended  through a State system. New York is pursuing a State system. Certainly  States with large populations, like New York and California, have the  economies of scale to offer this benefit in a State-based system. Guess  what happens to a State that only has just over  [[Page S676]]  700,000 people in population. Think about the percentages that we would  need to run a State-based program.   We need a national solution to this problem. I know a lot of people  are saying: Well, the States are doing it; they are the laboratories of  experimentation in this great democracy. But the fundamental problem is  that for States like mine that don't enjoy economies of scale, this  will not be a reality for the women, for the families in my State who  want to have children. Also, daycare is the second issue that makes  this so difficult.   We need to make sure that people know they are going to have a  guaranteed income for those first three months of child-raising. Why is  that important? It is important because we know that as a matter of  physiological development, that bonding period of time with your  parents during those early months is so critical. When children get  detached from their parents during those early months, they can suffer  psychological effects that will last forever. So we need to get this  done.   Let's talk about what proposals are on the table. I don't want to be  critical because I think it is wonderful that this issue has come to  this body, not only on this side of the aisle, to talk about the need  for paid family leave. But, once again, where we applauded the Family  Medical Leave Act, we left too many people behind. We can't do that  again. That is why it is really important that we analyze the proposals  that are out there.   I know that along with my good friend, the Senator from New York, we  have been having long and extensive conversations with many Republicans  about this issue, as well as with many folks in the White House, about  the need for Federal paid leave. Over the past few days, details have  come out about a Republican plan that would have new parents do  something we should never do, which is take money out of our retirement  system. The plan suggests that new parents take money out of their  Social Security benefits. Think about that. We have a retirement crisis  in this country. Too few people have anything other than Social  Security to live on in their older years, and now we are saying: Guess  what. Borrow against that. Get your Social Security to help you pay for  what happens today, and then hope upon hope that you will have enough  money to retire in the future. It is, quite honestly, the wrong  direction.   This plan does not, in my opinion, support families. It would not  help most working families and those who could use it. It would force  them to choose between caring for a newborn or a family member or their  retirement savings. I think it is likely that people would take that  option, but jeopardizing their future retirement is not a choice they  should have to make.   Additionally, just think about this: Women already get, on average,  20 percent less in Social Security benefits than men. Why is that? It  is that way because of the pay gap we have in this country--another  issue we could discuss, but we are not going to do that today.   Social Security is a critical retirement security plan in this  country, and for far too many families, it is the only thing they can  rely on in retirement--something we need to fix--and we don't need to  exacerbate it by complicating the Social Security retirement crisis  with the problem of paid family leave.   So I am here to advocate for a bill that Senator Gillibrand has  introduced and I have proudly cosponsored called the FAMILY Act. It is  a real Federal paid leave policy that I think we desperately need. We  need to support working families, and this bill does, because it would  make that promise of family paid leave possible.   Our bill provides 12 weeks of partially paid leave for workers  dealing with serious health issues of their own, including birth and  adoption of children, or for family members. Our bill would create an  affordable, effective earned benefit that both employers and employees  could and would contribute to. For employees, the paid leave benefit  would always apply to them no matter where they live. It is  transportable, which is so important in this new gig economy.   Almost half of North Dakota workers do not qualify for a single--now,  I want my colleagues to remember this--work day where they could get  sick, and only about one-third of North Dakota's workers are eligible  for and can afford unpaid leave. For them, the FAMILY Act would make  all the difference. No family should have to choose between a loved one  and their job. No family should have to make the choices that they have  to make today, frequently delaying raising a family because they simply  can't afford it when they put pen to paper.   Our bill also levels the playing field for businesses. I think this  is an important part. I want people to understand this. If you are a  small firm in North Dakota that does coding--let's say you are a  software firm and you get an exciting new product and you want to  generate excitement within your business. You want to recruit the best  and the brightest coming out of our universities, coming out of our  tech schools, but you are competing against Microsoft and you are  competing against Google and you are competing against all of those  companies that can afford to provide that benefit. Many, many of the  small businesses in my State have said: Help us compete; help us  compete for the best and brightest. When those benefits are offered to  workers, where are they going to go if they want to raise a family?  They are going to go not just to where the pay is better, but they are  also going to go where they can get the benefit of paid family leave.  It is critically important that small businesses be enable to enjoy the  economies of scale.   If you work in retail and you say ``I want to exercise my right to  paid family leave or my right to family leave, and I am going to go,''  the employer is going to protect the job, but they can't afford to pay  that person when they are paying another person in a small business. If  my colleagues can think about this the way I think about it--we have  unemployment insurance for a reason. We have unemployment insurance  because temporarily people have to get out of the workforce because  maybe their job no longer exists or they have lost their job for some  reason. We give unemployment benefits to help bridge them to the next  job and to keep them in the workforce. As a condition of that, we ask  them to continue to look for a job, and, hopefully, we provide some  services in their search for a job.    Think about the unemployment system. Who here would repeal  unemployment insurance? It is temporary. This is an extension. Think  about it like we would think about unemployment insurance. If something  happens in your family--you have a baby, your mother gets cancer, your  husband gets cancer--you can't afford to take time off, but you can't  afford to leave them alone. So what do you do? You exit the workforce,  potentially qualifying for food stamps, potentially qualifying for  government benefits. This benefit keeps people in the workforce.   When I talked about this benefit in Dickinson, ND--not exactly a  hotbed of liberalism--and explained why I thought it was important, a  woman came up afterward and said: Do you know what I really like about  your plan?   I said: That we are going to help families?   She said: Well, that is important. But I really like that it keeps  people in the workforce, that they have a job when they come back, and  that they are able to bridge that and not leave employment.   Think about the economic disruption when somebody can't keep an  employee because of these challenges. Retraining costs are high.   When this started in California, this was not yet again another big  government program. People would talk about it that way. Satisfaction  levels with this program from every end of the spectrum in California  are off the charts--with employers and employees, with small business  and with large business--because they know that the retraining and  retooling they would have to do for employees is expensive, and they  want to keep the good employees that they have.   Let's do something for families. Let's actually do something. Let's  not just promise it. Let's not mortgage our retirement for it. Let's do  something for families and actually take this burden and say: We are  going to help you. If you want to have a child, it is 3 months of paid  family leave. It is not at your total salary. It will not be the full  amount, but we are going to help you if  [[Page S677]]  your mom gets sick with cancer so you don't have to leave your job to  take care of her. We are going to work with families to make this  happen.   I guarantee that this will be a program that will be remembered the  way we remember other great programs, such as Social Security,  Medicare, and unemployment insurance.   I urge my colleagues to take a look at the FAMILY Act. Take a look at  all of the good economic arguments that go with it--not the  heartwarming arguments, which I think we can make, but the economic  arguments about why this makes sense for American business and for the  American economy.   I yield the floor.   