 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation,  which ignores the urgent need of the American people. The Federal  Government's fiscal year started October 1 of last year.   But instead of fulfilling their responsibility to fund our government  in a timely manner, President Trump and the Republicans spent months  working to pass their tax scam.   Now, because they didn't do their jobs, Mr. Speaker, Republicans are  asking us to vote to kick the can down the road again. This is no way  to run a government.   The American people deserve immediate action on the critical issues  that matter to our country. We need a budget agreement in order to do  that. We need to keep our government open. We need to protect our  national security, and we need to meet the needs of our community and  these hardworking families.   We need to protect workers' pensions by enacting responsible reforms  that will save struggling pension plans. We need to provide disaster  relief to our fellow Americans who were hit hard by hurricanes and  wildfires last year. We need to reauthorize the Special Diabetes  Program, which funds treatment and prevention programs for Native  Americans. And, yes, we need to pass a Dream Act, which protects  children from President Trump's cruel termination of DACA.   The American people overwhelmingly support these priorities, but you  won't find them in this bill. Instead, Republicans have turned this CR  into a tax bill that has provisions that didn't make it in their  original tax plan.   While this legislation does finally reauthorize the Children's Health  Insurance Program, it abandons our community health centers, where  parents take their children to get the care that they need.   Make no mistake, this bill will cause layoffs at clinics, which means  fewer people in my district throughout Minnesota will get the care that  they need.   Mr. Speaker, the Republican Party has total control in Washington,  but instead of working for the American people, President Trump and his  allies in Congress are ignoring them.  [[Page H530]]    Minnesotans and Americans deserve a better deal than the one that  they are getting from this Republican Congress. It is time for  President Trump and the Republicans to end the chaos, to truly work  across the aisle to find ways that we can fund this government  responsibly, and to address our national priorities.   