 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for  her leadership on America.   I had the privilege of traveling with her, under the leadership of  our colleagues Juan Vargas and Susan Davis, to their districts earlier  this week to see firsthand what was happening at the border.   So I come to the floor now with that fresh information. And I come to  the floor as a mother of five children, grandmother of nine, who knows,  as many of you here who are parents know and all of you here who are  children know, the importance of the bond between parent and child and  how breaking that bond is outside the circle of civilized human  behavior.   Mr. Speaker, I want to quote a favorite President, I am sure of yours  and many in this body, President Ronald Reagan.   In his final days of the Presidency, President Ronald Reagan said:  ``And since this is the last speech that I will give as President''--my  colleagues, I want you to hear this because this is about Ronald  Reagan. Maybe you don't want to hear it. Okay. They don't want to hear  it.   President Ronald Reagan said: ``And since this is the last speech  that I will give as President, I think it's fitting to leave one final  thought, an observation about a country which I love.''   President Reagan went on to say: ``Yes, the torch of Lady Liberty  symbolizes our freedom and represents our heritage, the compact with  our parents, our grandparents, and our ancestors. It is that lady who  gives us our great and special place in the world.''   President Reagan went on to say: ``For it's the great life force of  each generation of new Americans that guarantees that America's triumph  shall continue unsurpassed into the next century and beyond.''   These are the words of President Ronald Reagan in the final days of  his Presidency as he said in the ``last speech that I will give as  President.''   Beautiful values.   Today, we are considering two Republican bills that insult our  Nation's values and tarnish our heritage, as the President said, ``as a  beacon of freedom and opportunity.''   Both do absolutely nothing to solve the heartbreaking and horrific  situation for children on the border. According to the United States  Conference of Catholic Bishops, both bills ``perpetuate child detention  and undermine existing protections relating to such detention.''   That is from the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. Both  of these bills fail to provide a permanent legislative fix for our  Dreamers, selling out their American Dream to build the President's  obscene border wall.   Both are loaded full of every anti-immigrant provision imaginable,  dismantling legal family immigration, slamming our doors to millions  who have followed the rules and have been waiting for years for a visa,  and cutting off the lifeline of asylum to countless vulnerable  refugees.   In terms of those refugees, in testimony that was given at the House  Democratic Steering and Policy Committee meeting that the Democrats  had--the Republicans didn't come--the National Association of  Evangelicals testified that the United States Refugee Resettlement  Program is the crown jewel of American humanitarianism.   And, yet, it is horrible what they do in these bills to cut off the  lifeline of asylum to countless vulnerable refugees.   The Speaker's bill carries out the President's family deportation  agenda. It paves the way for long-term incarceration of families in  prison-like conditions and the denial of basic health and safety  protections for children.   The Republican plan is a family incarceration plan. It replaces one  form of child abuse with another, and it brazenly violates children's  human rights. Why do Republicans think traumatized, terrified little  children at the border do not deserve the same basic respect that their  own children do?   According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, family detention  poses serious dangers to children's health and can result in ``lifelong  consequences for educational achievement, economic productivity, health  status, and longevity.''   Congress should be working day and night to protect vulnerable  children. We should be working on legislation that protects Dreamers,  keeps families together, and respects America's heritage as a land of  newcomers, as spelled out by President Reagan in his last speech as  President of the United States.   These bills will not go anywhere in the Senate. Yet, a vote for these  bills is a vote to destroy the queen-of-the-hill discharge petition,  destroying the best chance this Congress has to provide a bipartisan,  permanent legislative fix for Dreamers.   Republicans need to walk away from these bills. They need to call on  the President to rescind his family incarceration policy, which is as  much a stain on our Nation's history as is his family separation  policy, tearing children away from their parents.   Democrats reject this outrageous legislation and reject the  Republicans' attack on Dreamers, vulnerable children, and families, and  we reject your zero policy. It has no place.   I urge a ``no'' vote on both of these bills in this rule and any  subsequent rules that come up.   