 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.  [[Page H7126]]    Mr. Speaker, since the National Flood Insurance Program's multiyear  authorization expired on September 30, 2017, ideological differences  have led Congress to pass six short-term extensions, and have even  allowed the program to briefly lapse twice since the government  shutdowns.   More than 5 million families rely on the NFIP for affordable flood  insurance coverage. Communities rely on the NFIP for flood maps and  mitigation assistance, and small businesses rely on the NFIP to pick up  the pieces when the inevitable storm hits. Yet, the long-term stability  of this critical program continues to fall victim to partisan politics.   Mr. Speaker, 2017 was an absolutely catastrophic year in terms of  hurricanes and other national disasters. In 2017, for the first time on  record, three Category 4 hurricanes made landfall in the United States,  serving as painful reminders of the importance of affordable and  accessible flood insurance.   While Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria may be a distant memory for  some, families affected by these storms are still just beginning their  long road to recovery, and we continue to learn about the challenges  that families in Puerto Rico face with no signs of leadership from the  Trump administration.   We are here today in the midst of the 2018 hurricane season with no  credible plan to do anything differently from the partisan gamesmanship  that has brought the NFIP to the brink of a lapse several times already  this Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I am deeply disappointed that Congress continues to miss  opportunities to responsibly help homeowners, businesses, and renters  who all need access to affordable flood insurance by taking sensible  steps to stabilize flood insurance premiums, deal with the NFIP's debt  and invest in up-to-date and accurate flood maps.    Instead, the House has passed controversial and ideological reforms  that make flood insurance more expensive, less available, and less  fair, which is, obviously, going nowhere in the Senate.   Given the critical importance of the NFIP to our housing market, I am  pleased that we are taking the small step today of reauthorizing the  program for 4 months to at least provide some level of certainty to  businesses and families, but let us not be fooled into thinking that  our work is done. I have led the effort for years to provide long-term  reauthorizations of the NFIP that also ensure the affordability and the  availability of flood insurance, and I will continue to do so when this  latest short-term extension expires in November.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Cleaver), who is the ranking member of  the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee of the Financial Services  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman  from Missouri an additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Al Green), who is the ranking member of  the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Financial  Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman  an additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer), who has long pushed for  reducing flood risk in this country.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), who has been a true leader  on the National Flood Insurance Program. He comes with a very, very  important background. He was chairman of Louisiana's Coastal Protection  and Restoration Authority. So I am pleased to have worked with him, to  have talked with him, and to understand that we need him when we are  working on the reforms that we will work on after we pass this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Palazzo), continuing in this  bipartisan effort to pass a clean bill. He has long been a champion of  the National Flood Insurance Program.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve  the balance of my time    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to hear  that some of my friends on the opposite side of the aisle are going to  cooperate in a reauthorization bill, taking into consideration many of  the concerns.   I do want you to know that I sent a letter out just July 18, Mr.  Speaker, 61  [[Page H7130]]  Members signed this letter for reauthorization. I want you to know that  I understand that we have differences, and I understand that I am  focused on affordability as one of the important aspects of any  reauthorization bill.   I do know that some on the other side are concerned about how many  times flooding will take place where people will have to be  reestablished, the homes rebuilt, repairs done, how many times. I know  all of that. We know all of that. But we are here now, and we have no  choice. We have got to pass this bill this evening. A clear bill that  will reauthorize for 4 months, and then let's have Mr. Duffy have  another shout out loud about how we are going to do a long-term  reauthorization bill when we take up the bill after the 4 months.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no more  speakers, and I am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time.   Mr. Speaker, partisan gamesmanship and harmful reforms passed out of  the house stalled the NFIP's long-term reauthorization for long enough.  While I would prefer a longer term reauthorization of this important  program, I strongly support today's 4-month extension to provide  homeowners, businesses, renters, and communities with the certainty  they deserve.   But make no mistake. This short-term reauthorization does not absolve  Congress of its responsibility to reauthorize the flood insurance  program for the long term. It is past time for Congress to do its job  and pass a long-term reauthorization that will ensure Americans are  protected this and every hurricane season to come.   Mr. Speaker, flooding is truly a humbling and equalizing force. It  brings out the best of America during the worst of times, with everyone  putting aside their differences to come together to help one another in  our time of need.   Now it is time for Congress to do the same thing. We must put  partisanship and ideology aside and ensure the continued affordability  and availability of coverage for millions of Americans. The long-term  reauthorization of the NFIP that ensures affordable flood insurance  continues to be available to communities across our country must be  Congress' priority when we return from the August recess.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   