 Mr. President, I am pleased to be here this morning to  join my colleagues in saluting the public service of our friend Senator  Jeff Flake.   In his remarkable book, ``The Conscience of a Conservative,'' Senator  Jeff Flake offered these words that apply to both sides of the aisle  and across the political spectrum. Rather than constantly pursuing  partisan advantage, he wrote, ``the better path always is to break out  of rigid ideological thinking, to listen to reasoned arguments on both  sides, and to use your best judgment.''   Reason and courage have defined Senator Flake's 18 years in  Congress--12 in the House of Representatives and 6 here in the Senate.  Throughout these years of service, he has always been knowledgeable,  insightful, and dedicated to America and its values.   It has been a privilege to work closely with him on many vital  issues. Senator Flake has always been willing to take on the most  difficult challenges and offer constructive solutions, as his work on  immigration reform demonstrates. As my colleague from Delaware has  said, he is unafraid. He will take on any challenge, no matter the  consequences.   As chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, I have appreciated his  commitment to the well-being, safety, and security of seniors across  the Nation and in his beloved home State of Arizona. Senator Flake was  especially helpful in our committee's examination of international  criminal cartels that were using unsuspecting American seniors as drug  ``mules'' to smuggle narcotics across international borders, not  realizing the cargo that they were carrying.   Senator Flake has been an outstanding leader on the Foreign Relations  Committee as chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health  Policy. His firsthand knowledge of issues from his early mission work  in South Africa and Zimbabwe has helped to guide his efforts. I was  proud to have been a cosponsor of a bill he authored with Senator Coons  to combat the wildlife trafficking crisis, which became law in 2016. In  fact, it was on a congressional trip that I first met my friend Jeff  Flake, and I remember thinking that he was so fascinating. He knew so  many things of which I had very little knowledge.   He talked about his time in Africa, and I will always remember--and  this will bring a smile to his lips as well--when he told me that the  words for describing it being very cold outside were the equivalent of  a phrase that sounded like ``buy a coat.'' I am sure I ruined the  pronunciation, but he is nodding affirmatively. I always loved that and  will remember that little vignette.   When Senator Flake announced last year that he would not seek re- election, he offered these words on the Senate floor:   ``We must respect each other again in an atmosphere of shared facts  and shared values, comity and good faith. We must argue our positions  fervently and never be afraid to compromise. We must assume the best of  our fellow man and always look for the good.   I think it is significant that those words resonated both with the  Senator from Delaware and with me, and I am sure with many others.   Senator Jeff Flake always gave his best, and he always helped us to  find the good. I join my colleagues in wishing him, Cheryl, and his  family well, and in expecting many more contributions from this leader  of many gifts and determined principles.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I stand here today with a heavy heart,  as we pay tribute to our friend and colleague, Claire McCaskill of  Missouri. Senators represent their State and, not surprisingly, they  often reflect their State's heritage, traditions, and values.   The people of Missouri rightly prize their reputation as independent,  straightforward, and trustworthy--qualities that define my friend,  Senator Claire McCaskill.   To that, I add another quality that defines this accomplished leader  from the Show Me State. Like her inspiration in public service,  President Harry Truman, Senator McCaskill is feisty. In her two terms  in the Senate, Senator McCaskill has demonstrated her belief that no  one party holds a monopoly on good ideas. It has been such a pleasure  to work with her across the aisle on so many issues. She was always the  best of partners: strong, strategic, determined, and she got a lot  done.   An issue that brought us together as leaders of the Senate Aging  Committee was the extensive bipartisan investigation we launched in  2015 into the extreme spikes in the prices of many prescription drugs.  The findings of our investigation were appalling, and the reform  legislation we coauthored is producing results in spurring approval of  lower cost generic drugs and increasing transparency in the  pharmaceutical industry.   Our work together on drug pricing uncovered the gag clauses that  industry uses that can prohibit your local pharmacists from telling  consumers if their prescription would cost less if they paid for it out  of pocket rather than using their insurance. The Patient Right to Know  Drug Prices Act that Senator McCaskill and I coauthored and that was  signed into law this October ends this egregious practice, saving  consumers money and improving healthcare.   We also investigated numerous financial scams that attempted to rob  seniors of their hard-earned savings. Once again, working together, we  were able to get a new law passed that tackled this serious issue as  well. There is nobody in this body who is more talented at questioning  individuals who came before our committee and were trying to shape the  truth or deceive or distract than Claire McCaskill. She, as Senator  Blunt mentioned, was always well-prepared; she was always insightful;  and she was always tough.   I remember one hearing we had where the GAO was testifying before us,  and sure enough, Claire had read the entire GAO report--not just the  executive summary, the whole report. Thus, her questions were so  penetrating that she brought out information that never would have  surfaced in that hearing.   As Missouri State auditor, a prosecutor, and a Senator, Claire  McCaskill has always been a champion for accountability, dedicated to  rooting out waste, fraud, and abuse in government programs. She has  always been determined to get to the truth and to get to the bottom of  an issue. During the damaging shutdown of 2013, she stepped forward as  a charter member of our Common Sense Coalition to help restore the  faith of the American people and to reopen government.   I have worked so closely with Senator McCaskill during her entire  time in the Senate, and I will miss her so much. She is a tough, no- nonsense leader, a dedicated public servant, and, most of all, a good  friend.   Claire, I thank you for your public service, and I wish you, Joseph,  and your family all the best in the years to come.   