 Mr. President, last year, around this time, millions of  Americans were mobilizing, marching, calling, and writing with a  simple, straightforward demand. They demanded the U.S. Senate stand up  to Donald Trump and protect the nearly 30 million Americans who were at  risk because the Republican Party was hell-bent on destroying the  Affordable Care Act, the ACA.   With a vote on repealing the Affordable Care Act looming late in the  evening, I came to the Senate floor that night intending to stand with  the thousands of Hawaii residents who wrote or called my office with a  sense of urgency to save their healthcare.   I wasn't scheduled to speak that evening. I had already spoken many  times previously about the importance of healthcare. As the debate wore  on, much of it focused on healthcare in the abstract. I felt compelled  to talk about the immediacy of healthcare because of what I was  experiencing.   Two months earlier, I had been diagnosed with kidney cancer during a  routine examination. It is a moment everyone dreads, but it is also a  moment nearly every family in this country has experienced at some  point. Even as I reckoned with what came next--two surgeries and now  ongoing immunotherapy--I knew I was fortunate. I had health insurance  that allowed me to focus on my treatment rather than worrying about  whether I could afford the care that would save my life.   Every American deserves the same peace of mind because healthcare is  a right, not a privilege just for those who can afford it. During my  treatment, I was heartened by the kind words of support by my  colleagues from both sides of the aisle. Many share stories about how  cancer touched their lives. For some, it was a personal battle. For  others, it was a child, a parent, or a spouse.   I was touched by their compassion. It meant a lot to me to know so  many people were pulling for me. I was dismayed that evening on the  Senate floor because the empathy my colleagues showed me did not extend  to the millions of people who would lose their healthcare if the ACA  was repealed that night.   I rose that night and implored my Republican colleagues to show the  same compassion to the American people that they showed me by voting  against the repeal of the Affordable Care Act.   In a dramatic late-night vote, we joined together across party lines  to save healthcare for millions of Americans, but the fight was not  over. There was the hope that we could come together to improve our  Nation's healthcare system.   We got off to a good start, with Senators Murray and Alexander's  good-faith negotiations on a plan that would have helped stabilize  insurance markets and provide a path forward to strengthening our  country's healthcare system.   Instead of embracing this bipartisan effort and proposal, Donald  Trump and Republican leaders doubled down on their efforts to destroy  and dismantle the ACA, no matter the consequences.   Last October, Donald Trump announced he would halt all cost-sharing  reduction payments that helped keep plans more affordable. In December,  congressional Republicans eliminated the ACA's individual coverage  requirement as part of a massive tax giveaway to the wealthiest 1  percent of the people and corporations in our country--a tax break, by  the way, they didn't even ask for.   With that, 10 million Americans stand to lose their coverage, and  millions more will see their premiums rise as a result. Earlier this  year, the Trump administration made it easier for insurance companies  to offer minimal--minimal--insurance plans to consumers. These plans  are called junk plans for a good reason because they don't require  insurers to cover some pretty basic essential health service benefits-- things as basic as annual physicals, trips to the emergency room, or  prescription drug coverage. In other words, your junk plan will not  provide coverage if you really get sick.   Two weeks ago, the President announced a draconian cut to the ACA's  navigator program--a program that helps people sign up for healthcare  coverage. In Hawaii, funding for ACA navigators is a particularly  critical tool for outreach to the COFA community, and these are  citizens of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States  of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau living and working in the  United States as part of our Compacts of Free Association with these  countries.   COFA citizens live, work, and pay taxes in the United States but face  significant health challenges and difficulty accessing healthcare.   Under current Federal law, COFA citizens are ineligible for Medicaid.  They are, however, eligible for subsidized healthcare coverage under  the ACA. This is where the navigator program comes in. This program  helps our COFA citizens navigate the enrollment process in their own  language and helps to ensure they have access to the healthcare they  need. Without access to the navigator program, the already underserved  COFA citizen community will face new challenges accessing the care they  need.   Last month, the Trump administration joined Texas and 19 other States  suing to invalidate the ACA's core protections for Americans with  preexisting conditions--illnesses like diabetes, asthma, or cancer. If  the President and Texas prevail in this lawsuit--which will end up  before the Supreme Court--nearly one in four Americans with preexisting  conditions will be at risk of either losing their healthcare coverage  altogether or find it unaffordable.   Healthcare is one reason I have deep reservations about the  nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. Judge  Kavanaugh was nominated by a President who has openly bragged about all  the things he has done to gut the Affordable Care Act and who expects  his judicial nominees to share his views.   In our democracy, every elected leader faces a reckoning with their  voters. This year, the American people are sending us a clear message  to protect their healthcare. They are standing up and speaking out  because healthcare is not just some abstract concern for them. It is  deeply personal for all of us. It is why healthcare is a top concern  for our constituents all across the country--whether they are  Republicans, Democrats, Independents, pro-Trump, or anti-Trump. Health  insurance impacts every single one of us.   This is not a game. Lives are at stake. Our constituents are watching  and demanding we listen and act to safeguard their healthcare, and they  will hold us accountable if we do not.   I yield the floor.   