 Mr. President, I also rise to honor my Senator next  door and my great colleague Senator Heitkamp.   As you could see from her beautiful remarks, she is a person of true  courage and strength and a friend to so many. We saw this strength when  she was running for Governor while battling breast cancer. We saw it  when she stood up for the people of North Dakota as their attorney  general, and we see that courage every single day in the U.S. Senate,  as she fights for the people of her State and the values that have  defined her as a public servant.   She is simply one of the best and one of a kind. Going forward, I  hope that people will listen to the speech that she just gave about  those seven generations, because that is service.   Heidi has always been true to herself and as mavericky as her red  hair. When I walk into a room filled with dark suits and I see that red  hair in the middle of it, I know where to go and exactly what I will  find. There is her joy and her optimism, so much of it coming from  growing up in a family of seven kids. There is her sense of humor,  which I love, even when it is mixed with some serious trash talk, even  when it is directed at my State next door. There is that friendship,  which I treasure above all else. There is the example she sets of what  one person can accomplish when you combine so much heart and fierce  determination.   We saw it with the human trafficking legislation that she talked  about today. We saw it with her work on energy. We saw it with her work  for her farmers. Thanks to leaders like Heidi, we are making progress  on so many issues.   I will never forget the trip that I got to take to Mexico with  Senator Heitkamp and Cindy McCain on human trafficking. One of the most  memorable moments was when we visited a shelter of girls who had seen  unspeakable tragedy. We met a little girl named Paloma. That means  ``dove'' in Spanish. That girl, unlike the other  [[Page S7401]]  ones, didn't say a word. All she did was cry. That is all she did. It  made me think of what a refugee once said. She said that what she had  seen in her life would make ``stones cry.''   I saw the tears going down Heidi's face as that girl was just sitting  there crying. Heidi just doesn't watch that happen. She comes back, and  she takes those tears and puts them into action. That girl had no  voice. Heidi was her voice. She has done that time and again.   As she mentioned, everywhere you go in North Dakota, you practically  meet a member of her family, and somehow they all look the same.   There is also her wonderful husband Darwin, whom I adore. One of my  favorite Darwin stories was the time when we took the first all-women  Senators trip to Africa, and Heidi and I were sitting next to each  other with some people out in the countryside, with the elders. On one  side were all the women, with the women Senators, and on the other side  were all the men. I turned to Heidi--because all of the elders were  wearing these incredible hats and outfits--and I said: Who is the guy  at the end with the baseball cap?   She said: That is Darwin.   There he was. He was always there, always there for her.   So that is Heidi.   I will end with one story from that trip; that is, when we were in a  hut in the middle of nowhere, and there was a woman who lived there, a  widow, with her kids. We went into that hut, these women Senators, and  started asking that woman who was so proud of everything she had done-- all that was in this hut was one solar panel that she got for her work  and one thing on the wall, which was a chart that showed all of the  huts. It showed her with a star in the middle, and it showed how she  had helped to make sure they had good hygiene and if they got baby  care, as she was in charge of that.   One of us asked this woman, who we had learned had walked every day,  an hour and a half each day, to get water: What is your biggest  challenge?   This woman looked at these Senators and looked at this Senator with  red hair from America and said: I have no challenges. I am a leader.   That is Heidi Heitkamp. She is a leader. Whatever challenges she has  overcome in her life--health, representing a State that isn't always  easy when you look at it politically for a Democrat, the challenges she  had bucking our own party, taking things on--every single moment, she  overcame those challenges because Heidi Heitkamp is a leader.   I yield the floor.   