 Mr. President, I am here today to honor the life of  GEN John Abrams--a father, a husband, a friend, a soldier, and to so  many, a hero. He passed away last month at the age of 71 after spending  more than half of his life in the U.S. Army.   Rising from the son of a general to become himself a four-star  general, John Abrams embodied the spirit of selflessness and of  sacrifice for which our military is known. He spent his life fighting  to defend the freedoms that we all too often take for granted. He was  wounded in battle, returned to duty, and then wounded again, but he  refused to let any injury deter him. He was a soldier's soldier from  the very start, and those who knew him were made better by being in his  orbit.   He served in the Armed Forces for 36 years, first enlisting in 1966  before becoming commissioned as an officer just 1 year later. He made  it to four stars the hard way: by starting as a private--the lowest  rank.   Soon after he was commissioned, he deployed to Vietnam, where he  served two consecutive tours and volunteered for a third before being  sent home. Then, he was off to a Korean province just north of Seoul.  After that, he went to Germany for five tours, serving in Hungary,  Bosnia, and Kuwait as well--all this in service to his country, all in  an effort to add to the greater good.   He made history, becoming just the second American ever to command  the same unit as his father when he was promoted to lieutenant general  and tasked with commanding the V Corps in Germany--yes, that V Corps,  the same unit that stormed the shores near Normandy and fought at Omaha  Beach, that liberated Paris and took on the German troops during the  Battle of the Bulge.   His own heroism in Vietnam did not go unnoticed. He was decorated  with a Silver Star and a Purple Heart. But he would tell you that his  greatest decoration was that of being a father, a husband, and a leader  of soldiers.   He went on to lead the U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command,  overseeing the Army's training in its entirety. He continued to rise in  the ranks alongside his own brothers, one of whom just testified in  front of the Senate today and is set to be confirmed as the next  commander of U.S. Forces Korea.   Looking back, it is little wonder where General Abrams' strength of  character came from. His father served as the Army Chief of Staff,  commanding all forces across Vietnam from 1968 through 1972. His mother  founded the Army's chapter of the Arlington Ladies around that same  time, organizing volunteers to attend funerals to make sure that no  troop was ever buried alone. He combined his father's courage with his  mother's compassion, and in the process, he made this Nation a better,  safer place for the rest of us--for his children and their children and  my children.   He couldn't have done any of this without the loving support and  service of his family, his wife Cecelia and his two daughters. As the  quintessential  [[Page S6297]]  military family, they served alongside of him. To each of them, I  express my gratitude and that of this grateful Nation.   My thoughts are with all of General Abrams' loved ones today, along  with my deep gratitude. Thank you for sharing your father, your  husband, your brother with the rest of this country that he served so  valiantly for so long. God bless him and his legacy. God bless the  troops he cared so deeply about and led so ably. God bless the United  States of America.   I yield the floor.   