 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of reauthorizing FISA 702.   It is interesting, Mr. Speaker, to hear my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle talk about unconscionable delaying tactics or talking  about the need for regular order. I would point out, Mr. Speaker, that  just today on this floor, we have watched, once again, our colleagues  on the other side of the aisle playing games. We have had this  particular debate now delayed by the games that their Members have been  playing over the course of the last several hours with motion after  motion to adjourn. That is, Mr. Speaker, what I believe is  unconscionable.   This is a bill that is a bipartisan bill. The ranking member of the  Intelligence Committee as well as the chairman of the Intelligence  Committee worked very hard to come to agreement on this bill.   I would argue, if anything, Mr. Speaker, the bill goes too far in  terms of beginning the process that we cannot begin of putting walls  up.  [[Page H107]]    All of us lived through 9/11, and we know, Mr. Speaker, that one of  the things that we saw that day was what can happen when we make it  much more difficult for our law enforcement and our intelligence  agencies to connect the dots, much more difficult for them to stop  terrorist attacks against this Nation.   Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that goes directly towards those issues.  This is one of the most important pieces of policy and of authority  that the National Security Agency has. I think it is very important for  people who are listening to this debate to recognize that this  authority is an authority that allows surveillance of foreign nationals  on foreign territory, not in the United States.   I would urge my colleagues, particularly when we have got a bill that  is a bipartisan product, that is a product that has been worked on and  agreed to in a bipartisan manner, that it is unconscionable for them to  delay, unconscionable for them to hold the Nation's security hostage.   We are seeing it, Mr. Speaker, not just with respect to this  particular piece of legislation, but we are seeing it, Mr. Speaker,  with respect to the entire negotiations underway today over the budget  for the Nation.   We have seen a situation where, as they did today, they are trying to  accuse us of holding DACA hostage, of holding DACA individuals hostage.  That is not what is happening, Mr. Speaker.   The Democrats in this House, Mr. Speaker, are, in fact, holding our  national security hostage, and they are doing it with respect to the  funds that our military needs as well.   We are a nation today that is facing grave and growing threats. We  are a nation that is putting tremendous demands on our intelligence  service, on our intelligence professionals, and on our men and women in  uniform. I think that every Member of this body who decides to play  games, rather than do what is right and what is necessary and what our  constitutional obligation and our oath requires, ought to think as they  are doing that: What does it mean to the mothers and fathers across  this Nation who have children who are deployed for the defense of the  Nation, the mothers and fathers across this Nation who know that we are  sending their children into harm's way?   The Democrats in this body, Mr. Speaker, consistently continue to  hold up the funding that our military needs and, in this case in  particular, to hold up the reauthorization of this crucial piece of  policy.   So, Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the reauthorization of  this bill.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   