 Mr. Speaker, hello--hafa adai and aloha.   I rise today to honor the life and the legacy of the late Senator  Daniel Akaka.   Senator Akaka was a very dear friend and a champion for the people of  Hawaii and all Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. His tireless  advocacy for 22 years in the Senate and 14 years in this House before  that led to better Federal policies for and a recognition of the unique  needs of Pacific Islander communities.   As the first Native Hawaiian Senator, Senator Akaka fought for the  advancement of Native Hawaiians and the rights of all native people,  including Guam's Chamorro people.   He understood the need to support minority Americans and was a  passionate voice for native people. He understood the need to support  minority Americans, and Senator Akaka was a true friend of Guam,  working diligently to ensure that our issues were prioritized.   He gave Guam a voice in the United States Senate, and I was very  proud to work closely with him to ease the burdens of the Compacts of  Free Association on our islands, to promote better education for  Pacific Islanders, and to fight for veterans services for those who  sacrificed for our Nation.   I could always count on Senator Akaka among Guam's strong advocates  in the United States Senate. Our concerns and, indeed, the concerns of  all territories were always his concerns as well.   I am deeply saddened by the passing of this great statesman, friend  of Guam, and treasured colleague. I will miss Senator Akaka's kindness,  his aloha spirit, and his shared love for the islands and all of our  peoples. During his tenure in the Congress, he was a voice for peace,  tolerance, and equality.   So on behalf of Guam, I extend our deepest sympathies to his lovely  wife, Millie, my friend; his children; his grandchildren; his great- grandchildren; and the people of Hawaii.   Our country has lost a great man, but his legacy will endure through  the lives of the countless Americans he helped during his storied life,  and his career.   Senator Akaka, thank you--si yu'os ma'ase, and mahalo.   