 Mr. President, this is such an important issue, and  those of us who have spent time with any of the workers and those of us  who have spent time with small business owners who are deeply concerned  about the viability of their business under a ``last man standing''  kind of rule completely understand the level of grave concern these  Americans are experiencing as a result of the problem with  multiemployer pension funds like Central States. It is clear to me that  if we fail to act, workers and retirees could, and probably will, see  their retirement security disappear. Small businesses across the  country could, and probably will, face bankruptcy, and taxpayers would  still be left on the hook.   Today we are here to tell the stories and give the voice to the  workers, small businesses, and retirees who are most at-risk for losing  their pensions after years of hard work and playing by the rules. Today  I rise to give a voice to thousands of North Dakota workers and  retirees who are at risk of losing their retirement security because of  the financial instability of our multiemployer pension system.   The only way to prevent these workers and retirees from losing their  pensions is for Congress to act. These men and women did everything  right, and they live not just in North Dakota but in almost every  State. They played by the rules. They worked for years, if not decades,  often in labor-intensive jobs, like coal miners or as workers in the  trucking industry, such as UPS package delivery and grocery supply  stores. They acted responsibly when they negotiated for and started  putting money away in their pensions, taking wage reductions to  guarantee that their family had a future.   I also want to point out that when I asked how many of the pensioners  who come to my meetings served their country by putting on a uniform to  stand up, usually it is about a third to a half of the room. So let's  not forget that these are veterans who returned home. They started  working in their communities. They took off that uniform and continued  to build our communities, and now they are struggling to understand how  a government and how a society could be leaving them in this level of  uncertainty regarding their economic future.   I want to tell a couple stories of some of the people that I have  met. I want you to know that on Saturday, I had a meeting with over 140  workers in Fargo. They came from all over, and their stories were  heartbreaking. They couldn't understand, if they did everything right,  how in the United States of America they would have their financial  viability at risk. I had one man stand up who was 80 years old who told  me that he went back to work when he knew there was going to be a  problem, and he worked in the oil fields. He said: I am worn out; there  is nothing more I can do.   I want to talk about Donna Matson and her husband Mike, who worked as  a UPS driver for 30 years in Fargo, a job that had an impact on his  time with his family and his health. In 2013 he was diagnosed with a  progressive supranuclear palsy, a degenerative disease that requires  regular and expensive speech, physical, and occupational therapies.  That pension he put money into was supposed to be there to support his  family after Mike's decades of labor. Now, when he needs it most and  when his wife Donna needs it most, that pension could be ripped away.   Tina Kramer, from Mandan, was a member of the Teamsters, working as a  secretary for the local union for 25 years, through which she earned a  pension. Her husband was a member of the Steelworkers and worked for  Bobcat for about 30 years as a forklift driver, and he earned a  pension. Several years ago, both of them retired. Soon after, Tina's  husband suddenly passed away. Tina lost her husband's pension and now  relies solely on her pension. Tina has just a little bit of savings,  and she has already had to dip into that each month to pay her bills  for groceries and property taxes. Should the Central States Fund go  bankrupt, it is only going to get worse.   Mark Rothschiller, from Bismarck, gave up a lot to work many long  hours as a UPS driver for 27 years. When we say ``gave up a lot,'' he  gave up going to his kids' plays and sports games because he often  worked late. Because of the intensive labor of his work, he has had  five back surgeries and another rotator cuff surgery, which forced him  to retire early. If Congress doesn't act to fix the Central States  Pension Fund, he doesn't know if he will be able to pay his healthcare  bills.   Mark Lundeby, from Grand Forks, never thought he would be in the  position where after 36\1/2\ years of driving a semi, putting in 14- hour days, with extensive stretches away from home, he no longer may  have his retirement savings. That is the reality. He followed the rules  and paid into his pensions throughout his entire career. He tells me  that if we don't move legislation to protect his pension soon, he will  have to sell his house.   I invite any of our colleagues in this body to call a meeting of the  people who have been affected. I serve on the Select Committee on  Pensions. At our first meeting, we had a lot of discussion about how  difficult solving this problem will be. There was a lot of talk about  the math and how we could make the math work and how we could bring  this fund back into solvency. I said: That is right. We need to fix the  economics of the pension fund, but we cannot ignore our moral  imperative.   That moral imperative is to do the right thing, to make sure that, as  we are standing there, we realize that for very, very many--in fact,  for hundreds of thousands of citizens of our State--this is life or  death. This is the difference between having dignity in retirement and  being completely dependent on someone else to help them through. This  is at a time that they did nothing wrong, other than to plan for a  pension that would work for them, other than to bargain for a pension  that would work for them. We cannot  [[Page S2669]]  ignore the moral imperative. Yes, we need to fix this, and we need to  fix it soon because time is wasting. The longer we wait, the more  difficult it is going to be.   I invite all of our colleagues who aren't familiar with this issue to  call a meeting or to come to one of our meetings and to look these  veterans in the face, look these hardworking people in the face, look  at the active folks who don't know if their benefits are already going  to be given and available to them, look them in the face and say: It is  simply a math problem. Your problem is a math problem.   No, their problem is an American problem. It is a congressional  problem. It is an administration problem, and it needs to be fixed. We  need to make a commitment to making sure that the people who have  worked hard all their lives--the people we talk about every day on this  floor--are kept whole and moving in securing their pensions. It is an  American imperative.   