 Mr. President, I wish to thank my colleagues for their  words on this difficult, challenging topic.   On this day 2 weeks ago, the Parkland, FL, community ``took 17  bullets to the heart'' as Cameron, a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas  High School, so devastatingly put it.   Over the past years, the epidemic of gun violence has touched every  aspect of American life, from schools and churches to concerts and  night clubs and movie theaters, in homes and in the workplace. After  each of these tragedies, we say enough is enough, yet time and again  Congress fails to take action, and the discussion fades until this  deadly cycle once again repeats itself. But we cannot allow this  vicious cycle to continue.   Like many Americans, I have been inspired and touched by the bravery  of the students of Stoneman Douglas and by their determination to  create from this tragedy a legacy of positive change. They are looking  to us to help ensure that they are the last students who suffer through  a mass shooting. They will hold us accountable, as they should.   I have been inspired by students like Sam, who said that he doesn't  feel safe in his own country and powerfully asked at the White House:  ``How did we not stop this after Columbine? After Sandy Hook?''   And Emma, who has been calling out elected officials for the excuses  they make for putting the priorities of the gun lobby ahead of the  safety and well-being of their constituents. Emma and her classmates  rightly have called these excuses BS.   We must actually listen to these students, and we must act to protect  them and all of our children.   People across New Hampshire own guns for hunting, sport, and  protection. New Hampshire has a long tradition of responsible gun  ownership that I respect and that I am committed to upholding. But I  also know that the people in New Hampshire do not want dangerous  weapons in the wrong hands. It is our job to keep our citizens safe,  and we owe it to the students and survivors who are speaking out, to  those whom we have lost to tragic violence, and to their families and  loved ones to come together and make our communities safer.   The level of gun violence in America is a public health crisis that  is unique to our Nation, and like all public health challenges, there  are actions we can take to mitigate harm and save lives. We can put in  place responsible, commonsense policies that will do just that.   To start, we know that the shooter in Parkland displayed warning  signs that, if properly heeded and addressed, may have prevented the  incident, the massacre. But when law enforcement was called because of  these warning signs,  [[Page S1279]]  it is not clear that they had tools that would have allowed them to  confiscate the shooter's weapons. So one of the things we must do is  ensure that every State has what are known as red flag laws--laws which  allow courts to issue time-limited restraining orders to restrict  access to firearms when there is evidence that an individual is  planning to harm themself or others.   It is also long past time that we improve our background check system  to close loopholes and ensure that people who are already legally  barred from owning guns cannot easily access them--a step that we know  is supported by the vast majority of Americans.   Studies have shown the correlation between gun violence and people  with a history of domestic violence. We must close loopholes that  enable domestic abusers to access guns.   Additionally, for too long, the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention have been barred from conducting public health research on  gun violence. We must change that.   Finally, from banning the use of bump stocks to raising the  purchasing age of semiautomatic weapons to 21, we must look at  responsible steps to reduce access to deadly weapons of war that fire  at high rates and inflict massive harm.   No one gun safety measure is perfect, and no gun safety measure will  stop every act of gun violence, but that should not stop us from taking  action. After all, we take public health measures all the time that  don't prevent all diseases but vastly reduce the incidence of them.   In a country with a government of, by, and for the people, it is  simply an outrage to suggest that there is nothing the people who  govern themselves can do to ensure that their gun safety laws evolve as  firearm technology creates weapons of increasing lethality. I also  refuse to accept the notion that we cannot pass any law to address gun  safety because it is too hard or the challenges are too insurmountable.  That has not stopped our Nation before, and it shouldn't now.   Students in Parkland and young people across the country are speaking  out and making clear that they don't want to live this way. They don't  want the horror that they experienced to be inflicted on more of their  peers. These young voices are speaking up and sparking a conversation  that has been absent or has been pushed to the wayside for far too  long. It is up to us to meet them in this moment.   The purpose of self-government is to make sure that we all do, in  fact, feel safe and valued and that we each have a chance to build a  life for ourselves. Let's take action to give all of our citizens those  opportunities and keep our people safe from senseless acts of gun  violence.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   