 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to strongly support H.R. 6207,  the Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act  of 2018.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of this important piece of legislation  that seeks to promote free and fair elections in the DRC by imposing  sanctions on high level individuals who are undermining democratic  processes and institutions in the country as well as those who are  responsible for extrajudicial killings and have engaged in public  corruption.   The DRC has the potential to be one of the richest countries on  Earth. It has abundant deposits of copper, gold, diamonds, cobalt, and  many other minerals. The Congo River is the second largest river in the  world and the most powerful river in Africa, making way for enormous  potential to generate hydroelectric power, and some scientists say it  could provide enough power for all of sub-Saharan Africa's electricity  needs. DRC also has great agricultural potential, with its 80 million  hectares of arable land, climate conditions, and water resources.   This country has all the conditions to thrive and flourish, but it  has not. Instead, continued delays in holding elections have increased  tensions and unrest. Ongoing conflict in many parts of the country has  resulted in hundreds of thousands of internally displaced persons and  refugees. The country is in a human rights crisis, and on top of all of  this, the DRC is suffering from an Ebola outbreak. The humanitarian  crisis in the DRC has been exacerbated by the political crisis over  elections.    With respect to the ongoing political situation, the current crisis  in the DRC started in 2015 when President Kabila, who is  constitutionally barred from reelection, deliberately stalled planned  elections. President Kabila remained in post, although his second  constitutional term ended in 2016.   Since then, the political situation has steadily declined. The  Congolese government and security forces have cracked down on anti- government mobilization through excessive use of force on peaceful  protesters, shut down media outlets, and targeted arrests of activists.   In August 2018, President Kabila finally said he would uphold the  constitution and not stand for a third term. Even with this  announcement, the pre-electoral environment remains tense and unsafe  for activists, journalists, political opposition, and religious  leaders.   Additionally, according to Human Rights Watch and Amnesty  International, just this month the government made a new round of  arrests of pro-democracy activists ahead of presidential elections  scheduled for December 23. This heavy-handed display of police and  government security forces ahead of the long-awaited presidential  election undermines and threatens people's ability to freely  participate in the electoral process.   The government must immediately release all people arbitrarily  detained for peacefully protesting, including the numerous pro- democracy activists, political opposition leaders, and journalists.   Finally, the government must investigate and hold to account those  responsible for human rights violations, including arbitrary arrests  and detention, torture, and other serious abuses.    Mr. Speaker, this legislation is extremely important for  addressing conditions in the DRC, but it is also important for sending  a message to the world that the United States has not retreated from  its commitment to protect human rights and advance democracy around the  world.   The late former U.N. Secretary General, Kofi Annan, and nine former  African presidents said Congo's future ``is in grave danger.''   ``We are deeply concerned about the political situation in the  Democratic Republic of Congo [DRC], which represents a threat to the  stability, prosperity and peace of the Great Lakes region. . . .''   Mr. Speaker, the situation in the DRC is deteriorating as we speak.  It is time we act.   Following a call from the region, please join my colleagues Chris  Smith, Chairman Ed Royce, and Ranking Member Eliot Engel, and I, and  support this bill that supports human rights, democracy, and  accountability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.   