 Mr. Speaker, I join Ranking Member Grijalva in opposing  this legislation and urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   For 45 years, the Endangered Species Act has served as one of our  Nation's bedrock environmental statutes. The bald eagle, the American  alligator, and the gray whale are just a few examples of iconic species  that have recovered from the brink of extinction thanks to the  Endangered Species Act.   Despite its widely recognized success and broad support across State  and party lines, today, the House is seeking to pass yet another bill  that undermines this bedrock environmental law and causes irreparable  harm to salmon and steelhead species, species that are already at great  risk of extinction, species that play an irreplaceable role in the  Pacific Northwest's ecosystem. Their presence benefits more than 130  other species, including the critically endangered Southern Resident  killer whales, whose existence depends upon healthy salmon runs.   This is not just about the Pacific Northwest. Any effort to undermine  the Endangered Species Act and, thereby, its protections for the  species and landscapes that make our country uniquely American impacts  us all.   Several Federal agencies and courts have determined that dam  operations in the Columbia and Snake Rivers cause significant harm to  13 species or populations of salmon and steelhead listed under the  Endangered Species Act.   Instead of allowing science-based management practices that protect  both endangered species and the many users of these rivers, including  hydropower generators, this legislation locks in a failing operation  plan that has already been found in violation of the Endangered Species  Act. Knowingly endangering the existence of salmon is in direct  violation of the law and betrays the long bipartisan tradition of the  Endangered Species Act.   Instead of rolling back critical safeguards and recovery efforts, we  should reject this legislation and support a transparent stakeholder- driven process that protects endangered species and the many fishermen,  businesses, communities, and Tribes who depend on a sustainable  Columbia River.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 3144.   