 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak against the  Trump administration's egregious attack on our pristine coastlines in  the Pacific, the Atlantic, Alaska, and the eastern Gulf of Mexico.   Dramatic increases in oil and gas development offshore pose a direct  threat to our coastal economies in the United States, particularly in  the Pacific Northwest. I know many of my colleagues are going to join  me on the floor this afternoon to talk about this and about the  specific impacts in their areas.   The draft leasing plan, which is what has been put forth by the  Secretary of the Interior, is an unprecedented attempt to allow  offshore oil and gas drilling in over 90 percent of the U.S. Outer  Continental Shelf, including in Washington and Oregon.   The truth is that instead of creating new jobs in the oil and gas  sector, the administration is poised to choose big oil jobs over the  ocean-dependent industries like fishing, shipbuilding, and tourism on  our coasts. I know this because I just traveled to many of our coastal  communities in the State of Washington, which make their livelihoods  off of fishing or tourism, that are very concerned by this proposal.  And just yesterday, a public hearing was supposed to take place in  Tacoma, WA, which was canceled. The Trump administration failed to  account for the value of the existing robust coastal and ocean  economies that could be jeopardized by expanding offshore drilling in  those areas.   Our ocean-related economy is so important to our State that expanding  drilling directly threatens the ocean environment and marine resources  that support millions of jobs in construction, fishing, shipbuilding,  tourism, recreation, and maritime transport. The ocean-related  industries in the areas targeted by the administration's plan  contribute over 2.2 million direct jobs, nearly $75 billion in wages,  and over $150 billion in GDP. The reason I bring this up is that the  economic benefits of these industries cannot be overstated: nearly $8  billion from fishing and seafood, nearly $70 billion from marine  transport, and over $125 billion from tourism and recreation.   We know that oilspills or other natural disasters related to oil and  gas activities, such as the Exxon Valdez or the Deepwater Horizon  disaster, can disrupt entire coastal economies. For example, if you  took just the Deepwater Horizon spill in size and compared it to the  coastal areas of Washington and Oregon, the impacted area would cover  all of Washington and a big chunk of Oregon. We know that these can be  devastating.   The shore-adjacent counties in the targeted areas host over 39  million jobs and contribute over $2 trillion in wages. The economies of  the shore-adjacent counties represent 65 percent of the affected  coastal States' GDPs. That is just one way of saying that coastal  States and their economies are big drivers in our U.S. economy and that  they are extremely dependent on clean water, coasts, our oceans, and  our fisheries.   The Washington coast economy relies on healthy, sustainable oceans,  which support our fisheries in places such as Grays Harbor and Pacific  County and in many other parts of our State, to make sure they have  seafood processing, recreation, and tourism. Our Washington maritime  economy is worth $50 billion in economic activity and 191,000 jobs, and  tourism on the coast adds jobs for anglers, charter boats, cruise  guides, restaurants, hotels, and more, which are so iconic in the  Pacific Northwest. They are the culture and heritage of our coastal  communities.   The fact that so many recreational fishermen can be out on our  healthy oceans and attracting more people to come and explore is so  much a part of the Northwest that putting it at risk to oilspill  activities or activities related to exploration is just not something  these communities want to do. Just this past week, I received  resolutions from various communities on our Pacific coast that urged  that this idea be turned down.   The Washington and Oregon coasts are not really suited for oil and  gas development. First of all, there are extreme sea states,  treacherous storms, and the remote nature of our coastlines. As one of  our maritime communities told me, it doesn't really have the resources  for cleanup in the area. If a spill happened, who would be there to  clean it up? In the meantime, our fishermen, if they have oil sheens  behind their fishing boats, can be fined. If we are ready to fine  fishermen for oil sheens behind their boats, why are we proposing a  plan in the treacherous waters of the Pacific Northwest without having  any idea who is going to clean up the mess?   Adding to the risk in the Pacific Northwest is the Cascadia  Subduction Zone--one of the most dangerous faults in the United States.  The Cascadia Subduction Zone is long overdue to create a significant  earthquake. You hear from lots of people about this. In fact, after The  New Yorker wrote a big story called ``The Really Big One,'' many people  from across the country emailed me to ask: Are we ready for this to  happen? I can tell you, with what happened in Japan, people are very  concerned about how we prepare for that in the Pacific Northwest. So it  makes no sense to put an oil rig on one of the most high-risk,  earthquake-prone zones in the United States.   In a 1991 spill, the dangerous and choppy seas prevented first  responders from being able to contain more of the spill. That is why I  have fought to improve oilspill prevention and response in the State of  Washington by deploying our Neah Bay tug, which is a full-time tug, to  make sure we get boats safely through our waters; by increasing  oilspill response equipment throughout the Strait of Juan de Fuca; and  by pushing for the Coast Guard to invest in research on tar sands oil.   Those are some of the things we can do to protect ourselves, but we  need to do much more.   We must weigh future decisions about where we should allow oil and  gas exploration with the costs to our coastal economies.   We must incorporate the lessons we have learned from disasters such  as Deepwater Horizon, which is part of this picture, or the Exxon  Valdez in order to improve oilspill prevention, response, and safety.  Herring fish from Prince William Sound are still very much impacted and  have not fully recovered after the Exxon Valdez. So telling our  fishermen that this is a great idea, that Washington fisheries, whether  they be crab or other fisheries, should be susceptible to these kinds  of spills--that is just not something our fishermen want to hear.   In addition to these efforts to drill off of our coasts--efforts that  have been repeatedly blocked in the past--President Trump wants to roll  back important safety regulations that were put in place after  Deepwater Horizon, such as blowout preventer systems, well control, and  production safety systems.   Now Secretary Zinke wants to open these coastal areas. Our State has  been responding to his proposal for months and months. We gave very  important data to say that this was not a good idea off the coast of  Washington. It is interesting because Secretary Zinke made a last- minute decision with regard to Florida, which didn't turn in its  information about its State on this issue. Then later, after a visit  with the Governor, Secretary Zinke said that this was something he  didn't want to see happen. The people of Washington don't want  political games played. They want to have their say on this issue, and  they want to make sure their voices are heard loud and clear. Our  coastal economies are too important to us, from a jobs and cultural  perspective, to go about even proposing the research on drilling in our  coastal areas.   I am disappointed that yesterday there was a last-minute postponement  of a public meeting that was supposed to take place in Tacoma, WA, to  hear from our citizens about their opposition to expanding oil drilling  off our coasts. I am not sure whether there will be a hearing  rescheduled or exactly what was behind the cancelation, but it was one  of the first opportunities Washingtonians could have had to express  their views on this issue.  [[Page S632]]    Based on the vocal opposition of our communities, I sent a letter to  Secretary Zinke, with 15 of my House and Senate colleagues from the  Pacific Northwest, calling on Washington and Oregon to not be part of a  future lease program. I know that many people, including our Governor,  have done the same. Members from the Pacific, Atlantic, gulf coast, and  even Alaska are writing to Secretary Zinke, asking him to exclude their  areas from future drilling activities.   I am very concerned that we are wasting taxpayer money in reanalyzing  what we have analyzed before--that oil and gas development in the  Pacific Northwest does not make sense for our coastal communities. We  will fight to protect our fishing jobs, our tourism, our recreation,  and all of the things that are part of the center of our culture on our  coasts. We hope Secretary Zinke will follow science, protect our  coastal economy, stop this foolish idea that drilling off of our coast  is either necessary or prudent, and move about to protect our Federal  lands.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   