 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to take a few minutes  while we have an interlude here with the farm bill to speak along with  my colleague Senator Sullivan about the nomination of, in my view, an  extraordinary Alaskan--Tara MacLean Sweeney, who has been nominated to  serve as Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs at the Department of  Interior.   It is certainly my very strong hope that Ms. Sweeney can be confirmed  to this position before we leave for the Fourth of July recess. I see  no reason why this body should delay confirmation.   I want to give just a little bit of background and share, along with  my colleague Senator Sullivan, some of the attributes we are talking  about here.   Ms. Sweeney is truly a noncontroversial nominee. She has support  across  [[Page S4710]]  the political spectrum. She was reported out of the Committee on Indian  Affairs by a voice vote. There was no dissent. She is endorsed by the  National Congress of American Indians, and she enjoys strong support  across Indian Country--not only from Alaska Natives up in our State but  truly across Indian Country. She is Inupiaq. She is a very  distinguished leader, respected among indigenous peoples not only here  in the United States but abroad. She is truly eminently qualified for  the position.   So I want to share briefly the history of how we got here. It has  been many months--many, many months--and I think it is important to  know the process she has gone through. The President announced his  intent to nominate Ms. Sweeney on October 16, 2017. We received it in  the Senate about a week later, and from there she entered into this  frustrating bureaucratic purgatory is probably the best way to describe  it.   So I mentioned that Ms. Sweeney is an Inupiaq from the North Slope,  and like every other Alaska Native who was born before December 18,  1971, she is a beneficiary of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act.  Under that legislation, Ms. Sweeney received 100 shares of stock in the  Arctic Slope Regional Corporation. This is one of the 13 corporations  that has been created by Congress. Ms. Sweeney also inherited some  additional shares from her mother who died in 1996.   The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act prohibits Ms. Sweeney from  disposing of those shares. Why is that? These are not shares that are  like shares in IBM or General Electric. These shares are her birthright  as an Alaskan Native. The Department of Interior has concluded that Ms.  Sweeney's continued ownership of those shares creates no ethical  impediments to the discharge of her duties--none whatsoever. She has  also entered into an ethics agreement under which she will recuse  herself from matters involving the Arctic Slope Regional Corporation,  where she served as a corporate officer prior to her nomination.   Really, there is no conceptual difference between Ms. Sweeney's  service with her Native corporation and the service of her predecessor  Assistant Secretaries for Indian Affairs who all came to the office  after serving as elected Tribal leaders. In those instances, none of  the predecessors to Ms. Sweeney were disqualified for confirmation for  Tribal service, and she certainly should not be either.   Ms. Sweeney's corporation manages lands set aside for Native people;  so do nearly all of the federally recognized Tribes. Her corporation  engages in a variety of successful business activities that parallel  those engaged in by federally recognized Tribes in the lower 48. Voting  membership in Ms. Sweeney's corporation is constituted entirely of  Native people, just like membership in the lower 48 Tribes, and the  governing body in Ms. Sweeney's corporation is constituted entirely of  Native people, just as the governing bodies of the lower 48 Tribes.  There is no valid reason--certainly no valid reason to delay the  confirmation of Tara Sweeney to the post of Assistant Secretary for  Indian Affairs.   This is an agency that I think those of us who have been involved on  the Indian Affairs Committee, as I have for my entire tenure in the  Senate, know that leadership in this critical agency for our first  peoples is absolutely a priority.   There is so much that needs to be done within the Agency. The Bureau  of Indian Education, which Ms. Sweeney will oversee as an Assistant  Secretary, has earned a place on the Government Accountability Office's  list of high-risk programs for the 115th Congress. One of her  challenges will be to improve the Bureau of Indian Education.   When you think about the responsibilities you have as Assistant  Secretary with NBIA to address not only the education issues, the  health and safety issues, and the life and well-being of our Native  people, she has a lot of work to do. So leadership at the top is going  to require a handful of things. The first is steady leadership and a  strong commitment to lead. You just can't get to leading the agency  until you have been confirmed to the position. The second thing that  has to happen is to ensure that the agency is staffed and has the  resources to care for our Native children. The third is to have an  action plan in place that identifies the root causes of the agency's  problems and to identify real solutions. The fourth is the formulation  of corrective measures and to validate the work. The final one is to  demonstrate progress that the agency has overcome some of these issues.    I can tell you for a fact that Tara Sweeney is ready. She is beyond  ready. She has been teed up to do this, in my view, literally, her  whole life. She has gone through a very rigorous process. She has been  overwhelmingly endorsed by Native peoples across the country, those  whom she would serve in this capacity. She knows there are significant  issues and problems within the BIA that need to be addressed that are  going to be difficult, and she has said in front of us and to those of  us who know her well: I am not afraid to kick down doors. I am not  afraid to stand up and speak out loud for the people whom I will serve.   I know she takes these responsibilities very seriously. I know her  leadership skills. I know her managerial skills. I have no doubt that  she will do everything in her power to overcome these deficiencies that  the GAO has identified, but I also should be clear that there will be  no progress within the agency until one of the single most important  positions to Indian Country is permanently filled with an Assistant  Secretary.   I know we are having challenges moving through nominees on this floor  right now, but I would urge my colleagues to look at Tara Sweeney's  credentials. Look at her background. Look at how she has come to this  place. She is not a controversial nominee. She is well-qualified. She  did extremely well at her hearing before the Indian Affairs Committee.  She has answered every question that has been asked of her. Indian  Country is united in support of her.   I just ask that, for the good of the first peoples in this country,  they have that leadership at the top to come in and address so many of  these serious issues that face them today. Let us come together with  this nominee and move her through the process in a prompt and expedient  way.   I will close with one last comment before turning to my colleague,  and that is that of the 12 previous Assistant Secretaries at the BIA  over the years, 11 of those 12 have moved through confirmation here in  the Senate unanimously, without even a vote. Only one was required to  have a vote. As I recall, the outcome in support of that individual was  87 votes in favor. This is not a controversial position. This is not  partisan in any way.   This has to be an individual that is willing to bring together  people--our first peoples and those of us at government levels--to work  together to address the very real, serious, and significant concerns  that we have.   Tara Sweeney is just that person. I would urge colleagues: Please,  please, let's advance her quickly and expeditiously across the floor of  the Senate.   I would turn to my colleague who has worked very hard and also knows  Ms. Sweeney to be an extraordinarily capable Alaskan.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges  of the floor be granted to my first session summer interns: John  Grossl, Joseph Monsef, Vince Tenebro, Sheldon Prout, William Lee, Conor  Bates, Emma Ashlock, Katelynn Toth, Alison Nicholls, Yajaira Ponce- Moran, Denae Benson, Sterling Gingerich, Kaiwi Eisenhour, Michael  McCambridge, Alexandra Bender, Selia Butler, and Johnathan Slife for  today and tomorrow.   