 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding  time, because I was compelled to come to the floor this morning to  protest this cruel Trump GOP policy of family separation. This is a new  policy.   Under past Presidents, when people come to this country legally  asking for asylum because they are fleeing violence, domestic violence  and gang violence in other countries, it is legal to request asylum in  the United States of America. But under this new Trump policy that is  so cruel and so horrible, he is trying to send a message to the world  that this is an anti-immigrant country. We are not. He is trying to  send a message to this world that children can be used for pawns. We  are not going to let that happen.   President Trump and the GOP now want to use children as bargaining  chips to try to exact concessions from Democrats on a very anti- immigrant, very cruel, very wasteful policy, and we need people across  America to stand up and speak out.   The calls to my office are overwhelming. People think this family  [[Page H5292]]  separation policy that rips children away from their families is  horrible and cruel, and it is. And we need you to keep the calls  coming.   We are not going to let this happen. We are not going to let children  continue to be ripped away from their families, but we need backup.   We are here to say we stand with the families. We love these  children. Everyone should love these children, and we are not going to  put up with Trump's anti-immigrant, hateful policy any longer.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at  the desk.    I am opposed in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to  the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If  adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to passage, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, the House has been debating legislation to combat the  opioid epidemic. While many of the bills we heard last week and this  week are fine, together they fail to meet the challenge of this very  serious public health crisis where in America today, we are losing  about 40,000 lives a year due to opioid addiction.   Now, in the Energy and Commerce Committee over the past few months,  we have had numerous hearings and heard from all sorts of experts and  families and the DEA and health providers. And then back home, families  have been educating us on the challenges of dealing with opioid  addiction.   Families and public health experts and the medical community, they  have reached a consensus that we need a more comprehensive approach to  tackle the opioid epidemic that includes prevention, community-based  treatment, and integrated recovery plans. But it is very difficult for  us to be proactive in a meaningful way on the opioid crisis when the  Republicans and the White House continue to press us backwards when it  comes to access to affordable healthcare.   Just last week, the Trump administration launched a new attack on  Americans with preexisting conditions, and that includes families  struggling with opioid addiction. President Trump and the GOP asked a  Federal court to strike down the protection that prevents insurance  companies from denying coverage or charging more for a preexisting  condition.   This would be a devastating blow to those suffering from addiction,  not to mention cancer or diabetes or a heart condition or more. This  would leave more families without insurance and more families without  addiction treatment.   President Trump and the GOP were not successful last year in ripping  health coverage away from families across this country through  legislation, so now they are trying to do this through the court  system: take away the guarantee of health coverage for millions of  Americans with preexisting conditions. This is wrong and it will make  the opioid epidemic worse. Instead, we should be working together to  develop and fund a comprehensive robust plan to combat and treat  addiction.   Mr. Speaker, this is why I am proposing an amendment to strengthen  the underlying bill. My amendment, most importantly, makes the 5-year  limited repeal of the IMD exclusion for individuals with substance use  disorders contingent on the State expanding Medicaid. It is based on  the most up-to-date research and everything we know about how important  Medicaid and Medicaid expansion is to treating opioid addiction.   Mr. Speaker, Medicaid is central to treating addiction, because  families can get early intervention and treatment, including the  important medical-assisted treatment. In fact, Medicaid serves four out  of ten of nonelderly adults with opioid addiction.   According to a 2016 study by the National Council on Behavioral  Health, about 1.6 million people with substance use disorders now have  coverage because they live in one of the 31 States at the time that  expanded Medicaid. So they are more likely to receive treatment,  including access to naloxone and other drugs that help them stay off  the opioids.   The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality highlighted the  importance of Medicaid expansion in increasing insurance coverage among  people with opioid use disorders just recently. They found that the  share of hospitalizations in which the patient was uninsured fell  dramatically in States that had expanded Medicaid, from over 13 percent  in 2013 to just 2.9 percent 2 years later after those States expanded  Medicaid. The steep decline indicates that many uninsured people coping  with opioid addiction gained coverage through Medicaid expansion.   Medicaid is part of the solution to the opioid crisis, and  Republicans should not irresponsibly press to cut millions of  Americans, take away their lifeline as they propose massive cuts again  to Medicaid.   The Republican budget came out just yesterday. Surprise, surprise.  Again, they go after families who rely on Medicaid, not just Medicaid  expansion that has been so important to treating folks who suffer from  addiction, but families, children, our neighbors with disabilities,  folks that rely on skilled nursing care, the Republican budget released  yesterday says $1.5 trillion in cuts to those families. That is not  going to help solve the opioid epidemic.   Republicans in Congress cannot, on one hand, say we are facing up to  the addiction crisis, and on the other say we are taking away your  healthcare, whether it is Medicaid or preexisting conditions.   Mr. Speaker, I urge approval of my motion, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   