 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the  Barton amendment. This amendment would require the FDA to create high- quality, evidence-based opioid prescribing guidelines for acute pain.  These would complement prescribing guidelines for chronic pain created  in 2015 by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.   Taken together, these guidelines would finally provide providers  evidence-based recommendations on best practices for all types of pain.   While the opioid epidemic has many origins, it is universally agreed  upon that the treatment of pain over the latter half of the 20th  century is a significant contributing factor. In recent years, efforts  by this Congress and the public to reconcile addiction and chronic pain  has had a real and positive impact.   One of the most impacted communities are veterans, and in just the  last few years, the VA has reported a remarkable decline in opioid  prescriptions.   Yet, the focus until very recently has been on chronic pain. Acute  pain impacts more people and is responsible for a massive share of  opioid prescriptions. The country needs evidence-based guidance on  treatment of acute pain.   FDA is armed with a trove of data on acute pain prescription rates  and patterns. They are uniquely positioned to provide this needed  guidance.   FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb told my colleagues on the Energy &  Commerce Committee that this is something he wants to do and he  underscored the importance of evidence-based opioid prescribing  guidelines at the 2018 National Rx Drug Abuse & Heroin Summit.   While these guidelines are focused on the prescriber practices and  patients, given the nature of pain management as team-based, we intend  these recommendations to inform better practices by providers that have  collaborative working relationships with prescribers.   I am committed to working with all stakeholders to improve this  amendment as Congress continues to consider opioid legislation to  ensure that these guidelines are considered consistent with law while  still providing effective pain care for all Americans.   