 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Conaway for the  opportunity to speak on this important amendment that I am offering to  the farm bill today.   I also want to thank my colleague, Congressman Westerman, for his  tireless work on behalf of our rural communities that are dependent on  timber.   Mr. Chairman, the key takeaway here is simple: If moneys are  generated during restorative work in our forests, then a portion of  those moneys generated from that work ought to remain in the community.  [[Page H4165]]    Traditional timber sales require that a quarter of the revenues stay  in the local county. But when the U.S. Forest Service or the Bureau of  Land Management use what is called stewardship contracts to work in the  forests, none of those proceeds remain locally.   Our forested counties are facing a financial crisis right now.  Federal endangered species listings have left timber-dependent counties  in southwest Washington with little to no revenue from timber sales.   In counties that are primarily federally owned, like Skamania County  in my district, which is 97-percent owned by the government, they are  unable to make up these drastically reduced revenues from property  taxes. This means that, by no fault of their own, they lack the local  tax base to support even the most basic needs of their local  communities, like schools or roads or local fire and police.   To help make up some of that revenue, Congress created the Secure  Rural Schools program in 2000. Unfortunately, despite my and my  colleagues' persistent effort to find a long-term solution through SRS,  we cannot keep relying on the Federal Government's short-term fixes.  That is not doing right by these communities.   This commonsense amendment will empower desperately needed funds to  stay in local communities. Individuals and families should not be  victim to Federal dysfunction. Let's not allow a Federal contracting  program for timber harvest and forest restoration to leave those  neighboring communities empty-handed.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment to ensure that  a portion of the proceeds from these contracts are being rightfully  directed to timber counties.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this important amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Arizona (Mr. Westerman).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.   