 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  5444,  [[Page H3421]]  the Taxpayer First Act. I want to take a point of personal privilege  and congratulate the gentlewoman from Kansas and the gentleman from  Georgia for working together and showing the Nation that, indeed,  Democrats and Republicans can put party aside and actually get  something done here in the Nation's Capitol. I especially want to thank  the gentleman from Georgia, Congressman Lewis, who, of course, is a  native son of Alabama.   On this tax day, this bill is an opportunity for us to change the  relationship many taxpayers have with the Internal Revenue Service. Tax  season is a stressful time for millions of Americans, and the  compliance burden on the average American and small-business owner is  unnecessarily difficult. We are taking important steps today to make  the tax filing experience more sensible, fairer, and more efficient.   The base text of this bill includes the text of the bill that I  introduced with our Republican colleague, Jason Smith, the Preserving  Taxpayers' Rights Act. Our provisions, as a part of this bill, will  introduce process reforms in four ways to help the Internal Revenue  Service become more efficient and strengthen its ability to provide  service to its customers.   First, our provisions would maintain taxpayers' legal right to have  their case heard by the independent and impartial IRS Office of Appeals  to ensure the timely, efficient, and cost-effective resolution of any  tax disputes between a taxpayer and the IRS.   Secondly, it will ensure that cases the IRS designates for litigation  can only be used where the matter involves a tax abuse that affects a  large amount of taxpayers.   Thirdly, the provision in our bill that is in this underlying text  would ensure that the use of designated summonses that extend the time  period for the IRS to assess a tax liability are properly authorized  and only used when taxpayers are uncooperative and refuse to provide  information requested by the IRS.   Finally, the provision would also prevent the IRS from outsourcing  Federal tax audits of private taxpayers to outside law firms.   In summary, our provisions in the bill will improve the independent  appeals process, ensuring that the existing right of appeal is  maintained and strengthened for taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, overall, H.R. 5444 is a good bill that will make the tax  filing experience much more sensible, fairer, and efficient. I urge all  of my colleagues to support this bill.   