 Madam President, I come to the Senate floor today to  discuss what I consider an often overlooked issue that is of central  importance to the well-being of American consumers and our Nation's  economic strength, and that is antitrust enforcement.   Before I was a Senator, I was a prosecutor for 8 years, and before  that, I was a lawyer in private practice. Early in my legal career, my  main client when I was a brandnew lawyer was MCI. At the time, MCI was  a young, innovative telecom company that was determined to disrupt the  telecom industry by competing with first long-distance carriers and  then local monopoly carriers. It was exciting for me to represent a  company like that. They had a lot of scrappy lawyers who viewed  themselves as fighting for consumers to give them some alternatives and  lower prices.   I remember that at one of my regulatory hearings, I actually quoted  the first words Alexander Graham Bell said over the telephone: ``Come  here, Watson, I need you.'' But in the Wild West world of MCI, when  they were getting ready to relay the first-ever communication between  St. Louis and Chicago--which seems odd to the younger pages here--at  the time, Bell companies dominated all telecoms, and we only had those  old-style telephones and only one company in an area that offered  service. So MCI came in to compete by building their own line between  St. Louis and Chicago. One of their investors, Irwin Hirsh,  memorialized this great moment, and instead of saying ``Come here,  Watson, I need you,'' he said, ``I'll be damned. It actually works.''   But make no mistake--without antitrust law, MCI would never have  worked. We would have had no competitors. We would have been stuck in  the old Bell operating company world. MCI took on Bell operating  company and AT&T and ultimately broke up that monopoly. This breakup  lowered long-distance prices for consumers across the country and  ushered in an era of amazing innovation and revolutionized the telecom  industry and, yes, brought down those long-distance prices.   Antitrust may not always make front-page headlines these days, but  antitrust enforcement is as important now as it has ever been. It  remains vital to the welfare of our country, and we ignore it at our  own peril.   People often ask me, what does antitrust law have to do with our  economy? The answer I always give is, everything. Let me repeat that.  Antitrust has everything to do with our broader economy. That is  becoming clearer to the American public. People intuitively understand  that there is too much industry consolidation in this country. They  understand that is not necessarily good for them whether they are a  Democrat or a Republican or an Independent. They understand that the  benefits of big corporate mergers go largely to the merged companies  and their investors and not to the public.   This highlights the fact that antitrust is not just a subject for  competition policy circles or law school classroom discussion or the  business section of the newspaper; antitrust policy touches people  across our country, and they are beginning to see how important it is  to their lives.   Two-thirds of Americans have come to believe that the economy  unfairly favors powerful interests. Even as our economy stabilizes and  grows stronger, it is easy to see why people feel that way.   Every year, I go to all 87 counties in my State. Everywhere I go,  people tell me that while the job situation has improved since the  downturn over the last decade--and, in fact, we need workers for a lot  of the jobs that are open in our economy--they are still struggling  with the cost of living.   In my State, we are fortunate to have a strong economy, but the cost  of living is by no means low, and that is true all over the United  States. For some, it is rent payments. For others, it is mortgages. For  others, it is prescription drugs--and that is actually for almost  everyone--and mobile phone service. To many people who dream of  starting their own business, that is hard to do when those costs are so  high.   Anticompetitive mergers and excessive concentration can increase  these cost burdens. They may lead these cost burdens, whether it is in  the agriculture industry or the cable industry or certainly the  pharmaceutical industry, where we see monopoly power over certain kinds  of drugs, where we see pharmaceuticals basically, in the words of the  President of the United States while he was campaigning, ``able to get  away with murder.'' Yet, what are we doing about it? Well, the people  would like us to do something about it. They are increasingly realizing  that antitrust has everything to do with the prices they pay for goods  and services and with the health of our global economy.   These are not novel ideas. Think back to trust-busting. Think back to  Teddy Roosevelt. Think back to this American entrepreneurial spirit of  small companies and individuals being able to compete against each  other. That is what our economy is all about in America. When companies  are allowed to compete and people are allowed to get into a business,  businesses can offer higher quality goods for the lowest possible  price.   The point I want to emphasize is this: Talking about antitrust in a  narrow way is outdated and oversimplified. Antitrust enforcement  affects more than price and output. We now have evidence that  competition fosters small business growth, reduces inequality, and  increases innovation. In short, tackling concentrations of power is a  linchpin to a healthy economy and a civil society.   With respect to business growth, evidence suggests that it is nearly  impossible for new firms to penetrate highly concentrated markets, so  ensuring competitive markets is one clear way to help entrepreneurs and  small businesses succeed. We all know how important small business  growth is to our economy.  [[Page S2855]]    Research also suggests that concentration increases income  inequality. Firms with market power raise prices, which takes money  from consumers and puts it in the pockets of the few. Concentration  also blunts incentives to innovate. Why would someone innovate if they  know they can just keep the product they have, not invest in R&D, not  invest in innovation, because they have the only product on the market  because no one is competing with them for something better? When there  are 8 or 10 competitors, they will try everything to get a leg up on  their competition by lowering prices and finding new products that  people want. When there are only one or two firms, there is little  incentive to make product improvements, develop new products, or  certainly bring down those prices.   We have to recognize the broader benefits of antitrust enforcement-- especially today, when we are living in a wave of consolidation across  industries. Since 2008, American firms have engaged in more than $10  trillion in acquisitions. The last few years have seen a steady  increase in mergers reviewed by the Federal Trade Commission and the  Justice Department's Antitrust Division. But it is not just the number  of deals. I recall former Assistant Attorney General for Antitrust Bill  Baer, a lifelong antitrust lawyer, saying that his agency was reviewing  deals that raised such serious antitrust concerns that they should have  never made it out of the boardroom.   As former chair and ranking member of the Antitrust Subcommittee, I  have raised concerns about several megamerger proposals over the last  few years.   Look at the Comcast-Time Warner merger proposal. As I pointed out at  a hearing in the Judiciary Committee, if the merger had been approved,  the combined company would have controlled 60 percent of the country's  high-speed and broadband customers.   Look at the failed merger between Norfolk Southern Railway and  Canadian Pacific--something I took on immediately after it was  announced. Even without the merger, 90 percent of freight traffic is  still handled by only four railroads. As I pointed out then, this is  the same number of railroads on the Monopoly board. Four is what we are  down to after having literally 63 of these major railroads years and  years ago, then going down to 9, and now we are at only 4.   When a State has a lot of rural areas like mine has--we are fifth in  the country for ag, and I think of the Presiding Officer's State-- customers or farmers or small businesses that are at the very end of  that freight rail line are called captive customers because they are  only served in reality by one railroad. They see their rates go up, and  they have no other choices. The more numbers are reduced, the more  difficult it becomes for people to get good rates so they are able to  get their goods to market. It is easier when you are in a highly  concentrated market, but it is very hard when you are not.   These examples are part of a larger pattern of horizontal  consolidation and vertical integration. Those are words you hear only  in law school classes or maybe see in the business section of the  paper, but that is what is happening.   We all know about AT&T's bid to buy Time Warner and the Justice  Department lawsuit to block the deal, but that is not all. Sinclair  Broadcast Group is trying to buy Tribune Media. Bayer is trying to buy  Monsanto. CVS is trying to acquire Aetna.   Most recently, T-Mobile signed an agreement to buy Sprint, which  would combine two of only four major cell phone carriers in the United  States. Again, I note that number of four--the number on the Monopoly  board--which would go down further to three. In fact, T-Mobile has been  playing a major disrupting role--I mean disruption that is good in  terms of bringing down prices. We have all seen the ads with what they  are offering. This merger would merge two of those phone companies, and  we would be down to only three. More than three-quarters of American  adults now own smartphones, including many who depend on these devices  for their primary connection to the internet. Many of them don't even  have local phone service. Now we will bring their choices for major  carriers down to three if this deal goes through.   Last October, in anticipation of this transaction, and weeks ago,  after it was announced, I sent letters with a number of my colleagues  raising antitrust concerns and urging the Justice Department and the  Federal Communications Commission to investigate this potential  transaction. Today, Senator Lee and I are announcing that we are going  to hold a hearing to look at these issues very carefully and very  seriously in a bipartisan way in the Antitrust Subcommittee next month.   Often, in connection with large mergers, the merging parties and the  investment community promise millions, sometimes billions of dollars in  efficiencies and cost savings. But after closing, do consumers actually  see the promised lower prices or the improved quality? I think the  American people deserve an answer to that question. To address these  issues, we need aggressive antitrust enforcement.   Let's talk about that. Unfortunately, current levels of Federal  antitrust enforcement activity are not where they need to be. I take my  responsibilities on the Antitrust Subcommittee seriously, and Chairman  Lee and I have done a lot of important work together on the  subcommittee over the past few years. Also, we are both committed to  the professionalism and the independence of the Federal Trade  Commission and the Antitrust Division.   Antitrust and competition are not Republican or Democratic issues;  they are consumer issues. We can all agree that robust competition is  essential to our free market economy. In light of this consensus, the  enormous economic consequences of lax antitrust enforcement, and the  current merger wave, these issues require our urgent attention.    Let me explain.   Our economy, in terms of nominal GDP, has increased by 30 percent  between 2010 and 2017, and annual merger filings have almost doubled  during that time. At the same time, our antitrust agencies' budgets  have been held flat. As a result, agencies are only able to litigate  cases involving the most highly concentrated markets. This limits the  attention they pay to closer or more difficult cases.   Despite these constraints, agencies are doing what they can, but we  need to do more. Giving agencies the resources to pursue the harder  cases will pay real dividends to our economy. When I say resources, I  also mean the legal tools necessary to protect competition.   When it comes to mergers, the protections in the Clayton Act--that is  the antitrust law--have slowly been eroded. Over time, we have seen a  systemic underenforcement of our competition laws. The result has been  even larger mergers and more concentrated industries, and American  consumers are taking notice. We need to give our agencies the legal  tools to push back.   That is why I have introduced two major antitrust bills over the last  year. The first will give our antitrust agencies the resources they  need to protect competition. Now, this is not coming off the backs of  taxpayers because, as I have already explained, they are already having  to foot the bill for a lot of these mergers in terms of higher prices.  This bill would, in fact, update merger filing fees for the first time  since 2001. Think of how many years that is and how the competitive  landscape and the merger landscape have changed during those 17 years.  This bill would lower the burden on small and medium-sized businesses  for their filing fees and ensure that larger deals, where we are seeing  all of these activities--these billion-dollar deals where they hire so  many lawyers that there are more lawyers on those deals than there are  Senators' desks in this room--have fees on businesses that would raise  enough revenues so taxpayers could foot less of the bill for merger  review. I am not talking about an across-the-board business tax. I am  talking about higher fees on those businesses--major businesses, huge  businesses--that are seeking to merge and reap the benefits. If their  lawyers can get all kinds of bonuses for getting the deals through, at  least the taxpayers should be getting the bonus of being able to know  that someone is looking out for them in reviewing these deals.   Effective enforcement also depends on feedback. As the size of  mergers have grown, so have the complexities  [[Page S2856]]  of merger settlements. A question for modern enforcement is whether  some proposed mergers are simply too big to fix. Agencies can make  better enforcement decisions if they understand what has worked in the  past.   So my bill gives the agencies the tools to assess whether merger  consent decrees have in fact been successful. Have all those promises  we hear at the hearings or we see in writing or we read about in the  business pages really come to fruition?   In addition, we need a better understanding of the effects of market  consolidation on our economy. That is why we need to study the effects  of mergers on wages, employment, innovation, and new business  formation. We also must give our antitrust agencies and courts the  legal tools necessary to protect competition.   That is why my second bill, the Consolidation Prevention and  Competition Promotion Act, would restore the Clayton Act's original  purpose of promoting competition by updating our legal standards so our  legal standards are as sophisticated as the companies that are  proposing these mergers and the kinds of mergers they are proposing.   My bill clarifies that we can prevent mergers that reduce choice,  foreclose competition through vertical consolidation, stifle  innovation, or create monopsony. OK, that is a great word you would  hear in law school classrooms, but what does it mean? Well, it means  where a buyer has the power to reduce wages or prices.   It also creates a more stringent legal standard to stop harmful  consolidation and shifts the burden for megamergers so the parties  involved in the deal have to prove the merger does not harm  competition. So what we are talking about here is when a big company  buys another and then has that power to make it so that the other  competitors aren't really going to be able to compete with the company  that they bought, because this huge company might have the ability to  bring down prices or do things temporarily to the point that they get  other people out of the market or they hurt the others to the extent  that you then don't have real competition, and that is what they are  doing.   Let me be clear. Big by itself is not necessarily bad, and large  mergers do not always harm consumers. My home State of Minnesota now  has 19 Fortune 500 companies, and we all benefit from the fact that the  largest and most successful companies in the world are American  companies.   If we want the success to continue, our new businesses must have the  same opportunities to grow as the businesses that came before them.  Target, one of my favorite companies based in my State, started as a  dry goods store in a small pedestrian mall that is now a big one in  Minnesota, way, way back. That is a true story. And 3M, a big company  out of my State, started as a sandpaper company. OK, so we have to make  sure these small companies continue to grow and are able to compete,  but that is not going to happen if we shove them out.   Our new businesses must have those same opportunities. Promoting  competition and preventing excessive industry consolidation is the way  we encourage this country's next big idea. Take Trader Joe's, JetBlue,  and Starbucks. These companies started small, but they were able to get  a foothold in the market and succeed because our antitrust laws  prevented large, established competitors from limiting their growth. As  a result, the American people get better products and services.   These bills will simply ensure that the next American business  success story is possible. They will allow entrepreneurs and innovators  to succeed in open, competitive markets.   We can do this, and we should do this. It doesn't take a miracle. It  just takes people acknowledging what has made our economy strong in  America. Antitrust law and policy are not always front and center in  our debates, but they should be. The proposals in these bills will  improve the lives of businesses and people across the country.   Protecting competition speaks to the basic principles of opportunity  and fairness. It speaks to the simple notion that companies with the  best ideas and the most innovative products will have a chance to rise  to the top based on their own merits, and the reality is that these  principles are at risk. We are currently experiencing a dramatic  increase in both the number and size of mergers. As our markets and  technologies evolve, our agencies and courts are less able to address  this increased concentration and the really big guys like it that way.   That is why we have to stand up in this Chamber for the American  people. We cannot wait any longer. We need vigorous antitrust  enforcement. We need to improve the tools and the resources that those  who are trying, at least, to put a modicum of enforcement in place are  able to exercise. Our economy depends on it.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   