 Mr. Speaker, I understand why our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle are having a hard time keeping track of their  arguments.   We watched yesterday the distinguished minority whip stand up and say  that we ought to do our work, and then move to adjourn.   Mr. Speaker, we watched today, repeatedly, while our colleagues on  the other side of the aisle claim that they believe in providing  funding for the Children's Health Insurance Program, yet they voted  against it.   We have watched repeatedly, Mr. Speaker, our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle go down the list of all of the damage that is being  done by this shutdown, but they won't end the shutdown.   We agree, the shutdown is absolutely unconscionable in these  circumstances. Every time, Mr. Speaker, a Member on the other side of  the aisle--who failed to vote for all 12 of those appropriations bills  that we put on the floor and we passed through this House--stands up  and talks about us doing our job needs to look in the mirror, Mr.  Speaker, because we have done our job.   In particular, Mr. Speaker, when it comes to the defense of this  Nation, we have no higher obligation or sacred duty or responsibility  in this House than to provide funding for our men and women in uniform.   With all due respect, Mr. Speaker, when I hear my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle say things like, ``Our military will be just  fine under this shutdown,'' I would remind them that we have young men  and women in uniform on the front lines right now, who are putting  their lives on the line for all of us, and they are not getting paid  because Chuck Schumer and the Democrats in the Senate are refusing to  be in a position where they will let this government reopen.   Now, I am sure that our colleagues don't want us to remember and  remind the American people what they have done or what their leaders  have said, but we will do it every single time until this absolutely  unconscionable, complete dereliction of our duty stops.   End this shutdown and fund our troops.   