 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Empowering Students Through  Enhanced Financial Counseling Act, a bill I introduced with Congressman  Guthrie.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Scott, and  Congressman Guthrie for their leadership on this bill. I would also  like to thank the Education and the Workforce Committee staff on both  sides of the aisle for their hard work to include the shared priorities  of Members in this bill.   This bill shows that there are areas of bipartisan consensus in  Congress.   Today, a college education continues to be a powerful force for  economic and social mobility in our country. I know. Neither of my  parents graduated from college. I worked my way first through community  college, which opened the door to the university and then to law  school.   I am pleased that Democrats and Republicans are working together to  take a meaningful step toward addressing the student loan debt crisis,  which is now shockingly close to consumer debt in this country.   This bill recognizes and addresses the clear need for enhanced  financial counseling. More than 40 million Americans are struggling  with student loan debt, and default rates are climbing.   At the same time, there is evidence that student loan debt is a drag  on the broader economy. For many borrowers, student loan debt affects  the ability to buy a home, to purchase a new car, or to afford  childcare. Student loan borrowers may be unable to access capital to  start a small business or they may put off saving for retirement.   That is why we need to help current and future students understand  their rights and obligations as borrowers, and we need to help them  forecast their obligations in the years after college so they can make  informed decisions now for the years ahead.   One of the frustrations I have heard from former students in Oregon  is that they didn't understand all of the jumble of terms in their loan  agreement or all of the differences between Federal and private student  loans. With this bill, students, whether they are sophomores or  seniors, will have information about how much they have borrowed, what  they are expected to borrow, how their loans will accrue interest, and  what they can expect their monthly payment to be when they leave  college. They will be better able to see their road to repayment.    Importantly, this bill provides annual counseling, so borrowers who  don't graduate will still receive information about what to expect when  they leave school and have to start repayment.   Borrowers will have more clarity about their monthly payments under  two repayment plans: income-based repayment and the standard 10-year  option. That is critical for students to see what those differences  will be, and they will with this bill. Clarifying and streamlining this  information will simplify the repayment process for borrowers and  reduce default.   Borrowers will be reminded each year they don't have to borrow the  full amount made available to them. They should consider grants, work  study, and Federal loans before turning to private lenders.   Unlike current practice, borrowers will receive financial counseling  before signing their master promissory notes, and they will be reminded  that they can repay interest before it capitalizes.   For the first time, parent borrowers of student loans will be given  virtually the same information about their loans that the students  receive.   Additionally, this bill will extend counseling to Pell grant  recipients so they understand the limits on eligibility for the grants  and the circumstances under which they would be asked to repay their  grants, helping students to avoid expensive surprises.   Finally, this bill does not interrupt the disbursement of financial  aid, and it delivers enhanced student loan information in consumer- tested formats that check for students' understanding. It will make  sure we provide personalized borrower information in a way that  borrowers understand.   Mr. Chair, again, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle for their support, and I encourage all my colleagues to support  the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for her remarks.   This bill we are considering today is an important step to protect  students and borrowers, but it is not a substitute for an update to the  Higher Education Act.   We still have more work to do to invest in our Nation's students, our  future leaders. We especially need to do more to keep higher education  within reach for low-income students and working families.   We need to strengthen the Pell Grant Program, which has served as a  foundation of support and opportunity for many Americans and helped  them afford college.   We need to do more to address State disinvestment and partner with  States. State disinvestment in higher education has also led to a rise  in college costs, and we need to do more to make sure student loan  borrowers have access to affordable repayment plans.   The Democratic proposal to update the Higher Education Act, the Aim  Higher Act, will do all of this and more.   I am glad we are considering this bipartisan proposal today instead  of the PROSPER Act, which would actually make college less affordable  and accessible by cutting student aid by billions of dollars.   The Aim Higher Act, on the other hand, invests in students and makes  higher education more affordable through robust funding in financial  aid programs. It also addresses the rising cost of college through the  creation of a Federal-State partnership to reduce  [[Page H7852]]  the student debt burden on families. It is a thoughtful package that  deserves to be considered on the House floor.   The legislation we are considering today, though not a comprehensive  reauthorization, will protect students and families and make a real,  positive difference for grant recipients and student loan borrowers.   Mr. Chair, I do urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.     Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I want to again thank Mr. Guthrie for cosponsoring this  legislation with me, and thank the leadership, both Chairwoman Foxx and  Ranking Member Scott, for their support, and all of the staff. I want  to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support for  this legislation.   Mr. Roe from Tennessee mentioned his story, and it is not unlike  mine, from a middle-class family, went through 7 years of higher  education on my own, working my way through. I ended up with a very  modest amount of student debt.   As I say, that is not what I am hearing from families today in  Oregon, and I know my colleagues are not hearing that from their  constituents across the country.   I also want to point out how the student loan debt crisis is  affecting the workforce issues that we all talk about and care about.   An example is that there are many people who wanted to go into  primary care. They are going through medical school. They wanted to go  into primary care. I just had a conversation with one last week. Too  many medical students are choosing higher paying specialties, not  because that is where their passion or interest is, but because their  student loan debt is so high.   I just had a great conversation on Labor Day with some firefighters  in the district I am honored to represent. I thanked them for working,  keeping our communities safe. They are concerned about student debt,  and they are very concerned about the Public Service Loan Forgiveness  Program, which, of course, is threatened under the PROSPER Act.   We need to come back to the table and talk about how we can preserve  the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program.   Today, however, I urge all of my colleagues to take this important  step forward on this bipartisan legislation, the Empowering Students  Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. I encourage broad support  for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although  I am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend, the gentlewoman from  New York, for her amendment. It improves the bill, and I support its  acceptance.   Financing a college education can be a daunting process, especially  for first-generation students. It can seem like there are things that  everyone else knows but no one is telling them. If we are going to  improve student counseling, we need to recognize this fact.   This amendment requires that as part of the annual counseling  students receive, they be made aware, if their financial circumstances  change, they can and should contact their financial aid office on  campus. There they can seek someone with the professional background,  judgment, and assistance to help them make changes to awards, or they  may find out about other aid for which the student may be eligible.   Additionally, students may not know that while they are eligible for  a certain amount of Federal aid, they are not required to take the full  amount. Many debt-conscious students may prefer to fund a smaller  portion of their education through loans but may not know that this is  an option. This amendment clarifies that in cases where the student  specifies they would like to receive less aid, that is an amount that  is discussed in their counseling.   Again, I support the gentlewoman's amendment, and I urge a ``yes''  vote.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although  I am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the gentleman from  Minnesota for his amendment. It improves the bill, and I support its  acceptance.   Students may be eligible for many different forms of financial aid,  and in our effort to improve financial counseling, we should make sure  that appropriate disclosures and information are being shared with the  borrowers based on the type of aid they are receiving.   This amendment addresses Parent PLUS loans, loans that parents or  guardians can take out to pay for the education of a dependent student.  Parent PLUS loans have a higher interest rate than direct loans, and  because they can cover unmet need up to the cost of attendance, the  loan balance can grow rather quickly. As such, parents should be  counseled that there may be other forms of aid that their student can  take advantage of to help reduce the size of the Parent PLUS loan that  is needed. A robust counseling program will also inform parents, as the  gentleman stated, that there is no penalty to prepaying either the  interest or the principal on these loans.   Again, Mr. Chair, I support the gentleman's amendment because it  improves the underlying legislation, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I  am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the gentleman from  Georgia for his amendment. It improves the underlying bill, and I  support its acceptance.   I rise in support of the amendment to clarify that institutions have  the ability to provide additional financial counseling beyond the  requirements established in the underlying bill while making sure that  the additional counseling will in no way preclude students from  receiving their aid on time.   Although the underlying bill does not prohibit institutions from  providing this counseling, this amendment makes explicit the  institution's ability to provide that additional support.   Institutions know their students and the individual capacity of those  students, and it is important to provide this flexibility so schools  can provide more counseling as needed.   Again, I support the gentleman's amendment, I urge a ``yes'' vote,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I  am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I am supportive of this amendment because  it simply allows institutions to encourage in-person counseling, but I  would be remiss if I did not state that this provision is not  necessary. The underlying bill already permits institutions to provide  either in-person counseling or use the consumer-tested online tool that  would be created by the Department of Education.   H.R. 1635, the underlying bill, was written intentionally in this way  to provide flexibility to institutions. Some institutions will be able  to provide high quality in-person counseling, but underresourced  institutions may find it difficult to do so.  [[Page H7860]]    This is why the bill contains provisions to have the Department of  Education create a standardized tool to ensure at least a base level of  quality within and across institutions. Because the success of in- person counseling is informed not only by the content but also by the  individual providing the counseling, this online tool will make sure  that students receive the same caliber of counseling regardless of  where the counseling is provided or who provides the counseling.   To confirm effectiveness, the tool will be tested by students,  financial aid advisers, advocacy organizations, and other stakeholders.   Again, in-person counseling would be fine and best for some students  when the institution can provide it, but having that flexibility is  important as well.   Mr. Chair, I do urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. As  someone with a consumer protection background, I thank her for her  amendment.   It has already been stated during the debate that there is close to  $1.5 trillion in outstanding student loan debt. It should be no  surprise that there are companies and individuals poised to make money  on the backs of student borrowers through fraudulent means.   In recent years, there has been an explosion of third-party debt  relief scams targeting student loan borrowers. These businesses claim  that, for a fee, they can cut through the red tape for borrowers and  get their student loan house in order. They misrepresent services, make  promises they can't keep, and charge for activities that cost nothing.  [[Page H7861]]    State and Federal consumer protection groups have already started  cracking down on these groups. State attorneys general, the Federal  Trade Commission, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau have  either sounded the alarm or conducted enforcement actions targeting  these fraudulent companies.   We should use this opportunity in this bill when conducting loan  counseling to remind students that their loan servicer is paid through  the Department of Education to provide assistance with these services  free of charge. They should be wary of any third-party company  attempting to facilitate repayment of their Federal student loans.   It is a commonsense addition to the bill, and I thank the gentlewoman  for offering the amendment.   Again, I support this amendment, and I urge a ``yes'' vote.   