 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I thank the committee for the opportunity to express my  strong support for this amendment to the Department of Interior  division of this bill.   This amendment amounts to a small uptick in critical funding for  assistance to territories at the Department of Interior's Office of  Insular Affairs, to the amount that has already been recommended by the  majority in the Senate.   This is a modest uptick of just under $4 million in Federal support  for Americans in insular territories of the United States, namely, the  Virgin Islands, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa.  Nearly a half million Americans reside in these islands, which have  been part of this great country for over a century.   Since then, the Federal Government has supported the territories  largely through Department of Interior assistance activity, with  funding channeled towards technical assistance to local governments and  to assist in upgrading essential community facilities like schools and  hospitals and critical infrastructure, including waste disposal and  wastewater systems.   Even before two Category 5 hurricanes struck the Virgin Islands, our  schools faced structural deficiencies not conducive to a healthy  learning environment. Our hospitals face serious deferred maintenance  issues due, in part, to their extremely high proportion of  uncompensated care, because we face inequitable treatment in the  Federal health programs like Medicaid and Medicare. There are few  facilities for assisted living among a growing population of aging  citizens.  [[Page H6446]]    Construction or repair to schools and hospitals account for much of  the Capital Improvement Project expenditures that come directly out of  this Assistance to Territories account.   I believe it is imperative that the Federal Government enhance its  commitment to address the pressing needs of Americans living in the  territories as we face grave natural disasters and security threats.   I continue to be concerned about the catastrophic impact of  Hurricanes Irma and Maria to the Virgin Islands, especially in light of  financial solvency issues, coupled with the anticipated amount of time  before government industry and utilities are able to fully function and  generate revenues.   There are also additional revenue losses and other operational needs  stemming from passage of significant tax reforms last year. The Virgin  Islands and most of the insular territories have mirror tax codes of  the United States, meaning that when we make changes to the Federal Tax  Code, they automatically apply as a tax code of the territories, with  few exceptions.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act changes bring in a host of unintended new  revenue and economic loss issues that the local governments of the  territories will need significant technical assistance to mitigate. The  U.S. territories are part of the United States, and jobs in these  territories are American jobs. According to the Department of Labor,  the unemployment rate in the Virgin Islands is currently at least 12  percent, three times the national rate.   The people living in American island territories are citizens of this  great Nation and entitled to equality to the people living in the 48  contiguous States, Hawaii, and Alaska, but the Virgin Islands and other  territories are not included in the same formula grants as other  locations. We do not receive the same funding for grants, technical  assistance, programs that provide jobs, or infrastructure.   A continuation of level funding to the small assistance account is  highly inadvisable at this time, for the reasons I have outlined  previously.   Americans residing in the U.S. territories may be the first to be hit  by a major hurricane, but have no vote on the budget for FEMA or  anything else. They continue to be severely tried, and in circumstances  beyond their control. Please approve my amendment as a simple matter of  fairness to them and equitable to the majority of the Senate's requests  at this time.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman, the ranking member,  and the members of this committee for supporting this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   