 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5649,  the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ``Bill'' Mulder Transition  Improvement Act of 2018, a bill that will improve the transition  process for servicemembers returning to civilian life to a life of  purpose and meaning.   I want to thank my colleagues, the gentlemen from Texas, Mr.  Arrington and Mr. O'Rourke, for introducing this important bill; and  for including my own bill, the Job TOOLS for Veterans Act, as a  provision within this larger legislation.   The Job TOOLS Act for veterans would ensure that veterans of all eras  have access to transition assistance classes. The Transition Assistance  Program, commonly known as TAP, was established to help current  servicemembers transition to civilian life with job search and training  information.   Prior to the establishment of TAP, very few servicemembers received  any job training assistance during their transition at all.   We know that access to job training is essential to our mission of  ensuring that all our servicemembers land on their feet when they  return home from protecting our freedom. And given the transitions that  veterans face over the years, especially in a changing economy, these  job training programs are especially valuable throughout life; and that  is why our bill would allow veterans, no matter when they served, to  get access to this crucial assistance.   Additionally, it will allow veterans from any service era access to  all TAP programs and will expand the TAP program to at least 50  locations across the United States.   The men and women who have admirably served our great Nation must  know that we stand behind them when transitioning from military to  civilian life, and that we stand behind them for life.   I want to thank Chairman Roe, Ranking Member Walz, and Vice Ranking  Member Takano for their work in getting this important bill to the  floor today, for the outstanding bipartisan work of this committee,  which I am so proud to serve on, and for our excellent staff.   I fully support H.R. 5649, and I urge all of my colleagues to support  this legislation, and to stand behind the veterans who will be assisted  by this across the Nation.   