 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on my bill, H.R. 4446, to extend the  Virgin Islands Centennial Commission.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Gowdy and Ranking Member Cummings,  House leadership, and staff for their work to bring this bill to the  House floor.   The Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act was  signed into law in 2016 to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the  Virgin Islands of the United States becoming an unincorporated  territory of the United States and to facilitate discussions and events  on its relations with the territory.   Since its creation, the Commission has seen the appointments of  Senators Lisa Murkowski, Bill Nelson, and Marco Rubio, Representatives  Tom MacArthur and Mia Love, and Assistant Secretary for Insular Areas  Douglas Domenech.   The Commission expires September 30, 2018, without the extension of  such time.   The Commission has been formed to plan, develop, and carry out such  activities as the Commission considers fitting and proper to  commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands of the United  States becoming part of the United States. The Commission also will  provide advice and assistance to the Federal, State, and local  governmental agencies, as well as civic groups, to carry out activities  to commemorate this milestone in the movement of the Virgin Islands in  its relationship with the United States.   Passage of this bill would allow the Commission additional time to  accomplish its mission to study specific issues related to the Virgin  Islands of the United States by extending the final report termination  deadlines by a year to January 31, 2019, and September 30, 2019,  respectively.   In June, the Centennial Commission met and selected a chair and  interim executive director. We are currently in the process of  collaborating with the National Museum of African American History and  Culture on public programs as well as hearings here and in the Virgin  Islands. The Commission is also in the process of engaging stakeholders  to become involved in developing future projects to meet its goals and  objectives.   Last September, as we all know, the Virgin Islands faced catastrophic  damage from two unprecedented back-to-back Category 5 hurricanes. The  recovering American citizens residing on the islands would benefit  greatly from continued congressional recognition, as well as the work  of the Commission not only in commemorating our past, but, more  importantly, talking about our future and our continued relationship  with the country.   This Commission has received national and international support, and  an extended lifespan of the Commission would allow it to better benefit  from this support and further examine the often inadequate relationship  between the territory and the rest of the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4446, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  H.R. 4890 to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service  located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the Wayne  K. Curry Post Office Building.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Maryland (Mr. Brown) to tell us more about Mr. Curry.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time.   I urge passage of H.R. 4890, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  H.R. 5238, to designate the facility of the United States Postal  Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the  Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office.   This is particularly important to me, as Congressman Owens was my  Congressman as a child growing up, and Saint Johns Place was the street  on which my mother lived when she came from the Virgin Islands to live  in New York City.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from New York (Ms. Clarke), and from that great place called Brooklyn,  to tell us more about Congressman Owens.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge passage  of H.R. 5238, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  S. 2692, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service  located at 4558 Broadway in New York as the Stanley Michels Post Office  Building.   I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Espaillat), to tell us more about Stanley E. Michels.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time. I  urge passage of S. 2692, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  H.R. 4407 to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service  at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the Corporal  Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building.   Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams began his military career in 2003,  completing his basic training at Fort Benning, Georgia, and qualifying  as a 91W specialist and basic medical technician. He was deployed to  Iraq in February 2005 and was tragically killed in action on September  5 of that year while serving as a medic for the regimental commander's  personal security detachment.   Corporal Williams' awards include the Purple Heart, the Global War on  Terrorism Service Medal, and the Bronze Star, as well as the Combat  Medic Badge.   Corporal Williams was well loved in his community and held a special  regard for the post office, having spent many days in his youth  becoming friends with the office staff.   Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to name the post office in  Warrenville, Illinois, in memory of Corporal Williams and the ultimate  sacrifice he made to his community and this country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 4407, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge passage  of H.R. 4407, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  S. 931 to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service  located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the George  Sakato Post Office.   Born in California in 1921, George Sakato overcame discrimination to  become an American hero. Classified as an ``enemy alien'' because of  his Japanese heritage, Mr. Sakato was rejected by the Army Air Forces  when he tried to enlist shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor.   Mr. Sakato did not quit though, saying decades later, in 2009: ``What  do you mean `enemy alien'? I am an American.''   Mr. Sakato continued trying to enlist until he was finally accepted  by the Army Ground Forces in 1944 and sent to fight in Europe, and we  are glad that he did. There, he exemplified hard work and selflessness,  serving with the 442nd Regimental Combat Team, a unit of Japanese  Americans that would become the most highly decorated combat unit of  its size and time serving in U.S. history.   Private Sakato would contribute to that legacy, earning the Army's  second highest combat honor, the Distinguished Service Cross, after  courageously leading his fellow soldiers to overtake the enemy in  France after his platoon leader was killed.   In the year 2000, Private Sakato was awarded, as we heard, the Medal  of Honor along with 21 other Asian American World War II veterans.   Private Sakato worked for the United States post office in Denver for  more than two decades and passed away at the age of 94 in 2015.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of S. 931 to commemorate Private  Sakato's service and to honor the contributions he and so many other  Japanese Americans have made to this Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, I urge passage of this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   