 Mr. Speaker, I would like to  speak in support of H.R. 5509, the innovations in Mentoring, Training,  and Apprenticeships Act. I comment Majority Leader McCarthy for his  leadership in addressing this important issue with this legislation.   I am heartened to see so much attention being paid to the importance  of developing a STEM workforce that is equipped to meet the demands of  an increasingly automated and technology-driven economy. As Ranking  Member of the Science Committee, I am committed to ensuring all  students and individuals seeking a career change have access to the  education and technical skills training they need to pursue high- paying, meaningful STEM careers.   It is high time we as a society recognize the value of  apprenticeships as avenues to high quality careers. We have work to do  to change the perception of skilled technical labor and it starts by  recognizing that our STEM workforce includes so much more than just  those with advanced STEM degrees.   A strong STEM workforce is built on the foundation of blue collar  STEM workers--workers who use their extensive STEM knowledge and skills  day in and day out without the need for a traditional four-year degree.   Blue collar STEM workers contribute to our nation's economic  competitiveness in immeasurable ways. What good is it for a company to  have the most innovative engineers and scientists if they don't have  the laboratory managers, technicians, mechanics, IT workers,  machinists, and welders to transform their ideas into reality? We will  need more blue collar STEM workers if we are to keep pace with our  global competitors.   One key barrier to developing a strong STEM workforce is the  misalignment between the education and training provided at community  colleges and universities and the knowledge and skills employers need.  H.R. 5509 takes us in the right direction by directing federal support  for developing and improving STEM associate degree and applied learning  programs in partnership with local employers.   In the new congress I look forward to continuing to explore ways in  which Congress can help strengthen the blue collar STEM workforce that  is so vital to our success.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I support passage of  S. 7, the ``NASA Enhanced Use Lease Extension Act of 2018''.   NASA's enhanced use leasing or ``EUL'' authority provides the agency  with tools to help manage its real property. NASA has, for example,  used EUL to preserve underutilized property and make improvements to  facility conditions.   EUL allows the National Aeronautics and Space Administration--NASA-- to enter into agreements with state and local governments, academia,  private sector entities, and other Federal government agencies to lease  non-excess and underutilized properties at NASA.   According to NASA, in Fiscal Year 2017, NASA used enhanced use  leasing resulting in a total of approximately $5.4 million in net  revenue for the agency.   Congress first granted NASA authority to demonstrate enhanced use  leasing in the early 2000s. Since that time, Congress has expanded and  extended the agency's EUL authority.   The NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017--Public Law 115-10-- extended NASA's EUL authority until December 31, 2018.   The bill we are considering today provides a clean one-year extension  until December 31,  [[Page H10420]]  2019. This extension will allow NASA to continue existing EUL  arrangements and to make progress on developing new arrangements that  are currently underway.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes and pass S. 7, the ``NASA Enhanced  Use Lease Extension Act of 2018.''    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in  support of S. 2200, the ``National Integrated Drought Information  System Reauthorization Act of 2018''. This bill also reauthorizes the  ``Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act,'' as  introduced by Senator Nelson and my colleague on the Science Committee,  Ms. Bonamici. Both of these existing programs have years of successful  accomplishments, and their reauthorization ensures that NOAA will be  able to continue supporting communities that are dealing with the  impacts of drought and toxic freshwater and marine harmful algal blooms  and hypoxia events.   The Weather Research and Forecasting and Innovation Act that the  House passed in a bipartisan fashion last year was a great  accomplishment for the Science Committee, and I am happy to see the  existing weather laboratories, cooperative institutes, joint technology  [[Page H10424]]  transfer initiative and research programs within NOAA's Office of  Oceanic and Atmospheric Research will be reauthorized with this bill.   As Congresswoman Bonamici mentioned earlier, this bill reauthorizes  critical programs at NOAA that benefit countless Americans, which I  fully support.   However, I am disappointed in the process used to bring NIDIS,  HABHRCA, and the Weather Act to the floor today for reauthorization.  The brand-new language in this bill related to NOAA's Earth Prediction  Innovation Center, computing resources, and our next-generation  satellite architecture has never gone through the standard committee  process in either the House or the Senate. By not providing an  opportunity for hearings, markups, or any debate on these key pieces of  legislation we rob our colleagues of the opportunity to advocate for  their constituents, and do not do justice to the importance of these  provisions. I hope we will do better to abide by regular order next  Congress, and it is my intention to do that on the Science Committee.   