 Mr. President, we are here on a Saturday on the 1-year  anniversary of President Trump's inauguration. After a year of our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle being in the majority in the  House and the Senate and the White House, we are finding that rather  than working together across the aisle to get things done, we have seen  either nothing getting done, dysfunction, or partisanship at its worst.  That really is not good enough.   People in Michigan want us to work together to get things done. They  don't want to see a situation where there is a cynical ploy of pitting  children against each other--one group of children against another  group of children--for some political purpose, some divisive purpose.   There are a number of us who are here this afternoon to offer an  amendment, which will be coming up, to address needs of children and  families around healthcare. It is something which I care deeply about  and which my colleagues care deeply about. It is something I have been  coming to the floor to speak about since September 30, when we saw two  very, very important programs for children and families in Michigan  have their Federal funding expire--the Children's Health Insurance  Program and community health centers. We have hospitals and ambulances  and communities around the country that also need us to take action to  make sure healthcare is available in their communities. That is what  our amendment addresses as a whole.   It is deeply concerning to me that when we look at the Children's  Health Insurance Program--it covers 9 million children across the  country and 100,000 children in Michigan, where many of them get their  healthcare at health centers.   If we really care about these children and their families and about  the families of many people in Michigan--680,000-plus families who go  to quality health centers in their community to see a doctor or a nurse  to get the care they need--it is deeply concerning that those two  pieces of healthcare for families would somehow be divided and pitted  against each other.   We have strong bipartisan support. It came out of committee. I see  our distinguished ranking member from Oregon on the floor. He and the  chairman, myself, others--all of us, working together, brought a bill  out of committee months ago--I assumed it was going to happen  immediately--that would extend children's health insurance.   Senator Blunt, the senior Senator from Missouri, and I have  bipartisan legislation, which 70 Members of the Senate have signed a  letter supporting, extending community health center funding. We  assumed that we would bring children's health insurance to the floor  right away, that we would combine it with community health centers,  which are the way children and families get their healthcare--you have  to have both--and we assumed that we would be on our way, that we would  pass this and that it would pass the House and go to the President for  his signature, and we would ease the minds of millions of families, of  parents who are concerned about taking their children to the doctor,  dealing with their juvenile diabetes, their asthma attacks, addressing  very serious chronic illnesses and the regular things that happen to  kids all the time, such as broken bones, bruises, the flu, and so on.   We are here today to stand up for those families and for an approach  that is bipartisan. All of the items in our amendment have bipartisan  support and can get done together, rather than the divisive underlying  issue in front of us--the question of dividing groups of children,  using children as pawns in some political game. We have the opportunity  to come together and extend children's health insurance. We want to  permanently extend it. That is what this amendment does.   We know that, according to the budget office, because of a number of  different things that have happened on healthcare, we can extend it for  not 6 years, as has been proposed, but for 10 years, and it can  actually save billions of dollars. The families across the country-- certainly the families in Michigan--deserve to know that this  particular program will be extended permanently so it is not used as a  political pawn in the future or some game, so that parents and children  aren't used in some game because of other agendas.   We can address that today as we look at the broader issues of how we  give certainty to our military, certainty to our veterans for their  healthcare, border security--we are a top border security State--and  medical research and the other things that need long-term certainty  that have not been able to get done in a very dysfunctional place now,  as we look at what is happening here with one party in control. We need  to be looking and working together.   Let me say again, before turning to my other colleagues, that the  Children's Health Insurance Program covers 9 million children at risk.  We want to make sure this is a permanent healthcare program for the  children of this country and for working families. We are talking about  families whose moms and dads work but may not have health insurance at  their work but still want to make sure the kids can go to the doctor  and get covered. We provide a way for them to do that with children's  health insurance.   Secondly, they go to health centers. Thousands and thousands of  parents use their children's health insurance to go to health centers  in Michigan, 260 across the State. Nationally, we have 25 million  patients, and 300,000 veterans are included in that. Some 7\1/2\  million children are served by health centers, which is the other piece  of this that needs to happen.   In addition to that, we have a number of other serious healthcare  issues that need to be addressed in what has been dubbed in the past  the health extenders package.  [[Page S374]]    Funding the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting  Program, which is critical to families and children, is part of the  commitment. On the floor, we have heard a lot about caring about  children. I am happy to hear that. I appreciate, for some, a newfound  commitment to children's healthcare. Others have been committed for a  long time. Let's come together and fund the Maternal, Infant, and Early  Childhood Home Visiting Program for new babies and moms.    This would permanently repeal the therapy caps. That would help make  sure that seniors and people with disabilities on Medicare receive the  services they need to get healthy.   This would provide adequate funding for ambulance providers in rural  communities. This is a big issue in Michigan. I am proud to be leading  this effort to make sure that the small town where I grew up, Clare,  and other small towns all across Michigan have ambulance services so  that in an emergency, somebody will show up and show up quickly to take  care of people and get them to the hospital.   Funding for small rural hospitals, like the one where my mom was the  director of nursing when I was growing up in Clare--they need to keep  their doors open. This would make sure that happens.   All of these things are incredibly important--funding our safety net  hospitals, continuing the Special Diabetes Program, leading to new  research and therapies and ultimately leading to a cure.   In conclusion, let me just say what I have said so many times.  Healthcare is not political. Whether it is for children, whether it is  for seniors, whether it is for veterans, whether it is for families,  healthcare is not political, it is personal. That is what the fight for  a long-term budget commitment to our veterans' healthcare is about, a  long-term commitment to tackle opioids is about, a long-term commitment  for children and families is about, and, frankly, mental health and all  of the issues that deal with healthcare above the neck, which needs to  be treated the same as healthcare below the neck.   It is time to get this done. While other issues are being sorted out,  we should not be pitting children against children. Families are  counting on us to do the right thing. I hope colleagues will join us in  supporting this effort.   I now yield. I believe this is Senator Casey, Senator Brown, and I  who are offering this amendment. Senator Casey--a passionate, long- term, devoted, committed supporter and champion for children--is right  where he ought to be right now: on the floor of the U.S. Senate  fighting for our children and families.    Mr. President, before offering a motion, I first want  to thank our ranking member from Oregon, who is so dedicated, so  passionate, so smart. He works tirelessly every day. It is such a  pleasure to serve with him. He is someone who has a distinguished  career of fighting for middle-class families, for working people, for  the right kinds of things. He came from working with the Gray Panthers  and senior citizens, and he brings that to work every single day, and I  thank him for that.   I want to stress before offering a motion that he and other  colleagues--Senator Casey, Senator Brown, Senator Carper, whom we had  hoped would be joining us, and I know is trying to as well--have all  stressed the fact, first of all, that we are at the 1-year anniversary  of this President. For the first time in a number of years, we have the  House, the Senate, and the White House all controlled by Republicans,  and over and over again, what has gotten the priority? What has gotten  done? Things for the wealthiest Americans and people with really big  lobbyists, special interest lobbyists. That is what gets done over and  over again.   So when, in fact, the funding ran out, not only for children's  healthcare but also for community health centers and other important  priorities that needed to get done for rural hospitals, ambulances,  special diabetes programs, and other things, those have been shoved  aside over and over and over again with people waiting and waiting and  waiting. Why? Because the needs of the wealthiest Americans, the needs  of the special interests, the folks with the big lobbyists have been  the ones who have taken priority this last year over and over again.    So now we get to a point where we are talking about children's health  insurance. I am glad we are doing that, but it is in the context of  pitting one group of children against another group of children and not  recognizing that the majority of families who have children's health  insurance need to use community health centers. That is where their  doctor is, that is where they get their care, and that is cynically not  included in this.   We have an opportunity now. I am offering a unanimous consent request  on a set of policies that have bipartisan support that we could get  done today, not in a divisive way, not pitting children and families  against each other but actually doing something together that would be  in the best interests of the majority of Americans--middle-class  families and folks trying really hard to stay in the middle class or  get into the middle class.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration--I am being asked to hold off. I will be happy  to do that while we have a moment where details are being worked out.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, before I make a unanimous consent  request--and we will do that as soon as it is appropriate--I just want  to stress again why we have been on the floor this afternoon. It is  because we know we have bipartisan support not only for the Children's  Health Insurance Program but for the health centers where they get  their healthcare, and we can address this without pitting children  against children through the unanimous consent request I have and the  amendment I am offering along with Senator Brown and Senator Casey.   In addition to that, there are critical issues that normally get done  before the end of the year but did not. Those issues relate to rural  hospitals, ambulances, pregnant moms, children, and so on that normally  have bipartisan support. So we put these together in a bipartisan  effort that really addresses not just one piece of the Children's  Health Insurance Program but the places where they go to get their  healthcare.   They are going to small hospitals like in the town where I grew up or  where my mom was director of nursing, and they are going to community  health centers. We need to address these together. These are things we  have done together.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 36, H.R. 1301; that the  Stabenow-Brown-  [[Page S378]]  Casey amendment, providing for a permanent extension of the Children's  Health Insurance Program, a 5-year extension of the Community Health  Center Program, and extensions of other expired Medicaid, Medicare, and  health extenders, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to;  that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.   