 Mr. Speaker, let me take this time to express  my appreciation to Chairman Walden and Ranking Member Pallone, for  their leadership in addressing the opioid epidemic in the U.S. House of  Representatives.   On April 24th of this year, I had the opportunity to work across the  aisle in introducing bipartisan legislation with my Energy and Commerce  colleague, Congressman Adam Kinzinger of Illinois.   We were joined by two additional colleagues as original co-sponsors,  who sit on the House Ways and Means Committee--Rep. Darrin LaHood, my  Republican colleague from Illinois and Rep. Danny K. Davis, my CBC  Colleague who hails from Illinois as well.   Our bill, The Opioid Addiction Action Plan of 2018, is a roadmap to  not only abating the opioid epidemic, but to engaging industry to be  innovative in the development of new pain management therapies.   There are many players and much is at stake.   According to the National Institutes of Drug Abuse, there are more  than 115 opioid related deaths per day.   The CDC estimates that the economic burden of prescription opioid  misuse is roughly $78.5 billion a year--and that's in the U.S. alone.   Since we know the enormity of this issue plaguing our country,  passing H.R. 5590 would require that the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid Services (CMS) seeks stakeholder feedback as well as public  comment, before producing an Opioid Addiction Act Plan report to  Congress.   It is going to take all of us to tackle this national opioid  epidemic.   And Mr. Speaker, with the opioid crisis at epic levels, government  cannot do this alone.   That is why we are calling on all of our partners to aide in the  fight against opioid addiction in our communities--for both addiction  to prescription painkillers and addiction to synthetics, including  heroin and fentanyl.   Overdose deaths that were once perceived as largely a rural white  problem have now become widespread among black Americans in urban  communities who are dying from horrific rates of fentanyl overdoses.   While white Americans die at greater rates of overdose deaths,  overdose death rates have been steadily increasing among black  Americans since 2011--at the time that fentanyl and heroin, as well as  other synthetics began to climb.   One of the solutions to the ever-growing problem to the opioid crisis  in the black community is access to addiction care treatment.   Traditionally, African Americans have had unequal access to quality  health care in comparison to our white counterparts.   This legislation would also mandate improved data collection to  better understand the opioid crisis.   H.R. 5590 directs the CMS to develop an Opioid Addiction Action Plan  to address challenges for treatment of substance abuse disorders.   Additionally, this bill also identifies non-opioid pain management  options and make considerations for Medicare and Medicaid coverage and  reimbursement of medication-assisted treatment (MAT) for opioid use  disorders.   In addition to making sure our communities have access to medication- assisted treatment, it is important that we help them in the event  someone is in the midst of an overdose.   Mr. Speaker, we cannot leave those behind who need us most.   We are our brother's and our sister's keepers.   