 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my  amendment which would increase funding for the Department of Defense's  Sexual Assault Prevention and Response programs.   The men and women of our Armed Forces sacrifice a great deal to serve  our country. When they enlist, they do so knowing that they may be sent  into violent and dangerous situations to confront an adversary. What  they do not sign up for is the violence of being sexually assaulted by  one of their own fellow servicemembers.   We need to do better by all those who wear the uniform. I am  encouraged that the Department of Defense has established Sexual  Assault Prevention and Response program to prevent these crimes from  occurring, and to ensure that victims have the resources they need to  recover should an incident occur.   But the number of servicewomen and -men who experience sexual assault  in the military remains staggering. Last year alone, the Department of  Defense received over 6,750 reports of sexual assault involving  servicemembers. Meanwhile, DOD estimates that only one in three  servicemembers who experience a sexual assault file a report.   Clearly, sexual assault remains a serious issue in the Armed Forces.  With over 1 million Active-Duty troops, and over 800,000 serving in the  Guard and Reserves at installations all over the world, sexual assault  prevention and response programs require our full support and funding.  We must provide the best possible care and resources for our  servicemembers who are dutifully and honorably serving and defending  the United States.   That is why my amendment would increase funding for these worthwhile  and vital programs, to ensure that they are there when servicemembers  need them.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this important amendment, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentlewoman  for her support and the support of the committee as well as the Rules  Committee in moving forward this important amendment.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   