 Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5841, the Foreign Investment  Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018. This bill represents a  bipartisan effort to bring much-needed reform to the Committee on  Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, which serves an  important function in the national security area.   I would like to thank Chairman Hensarling, Chairman Barr, Ranking  Member Moore, Congressman Pittenger, Congresswoman Maloney, and also  Congressman Heck, who is here today, in particular.   Congressman Heck has, for the good part of a year, been working very  hard to ensure that any legislation addresses key jurisdictional gaps  in the current scope of CFIUS authority, and this bill does just that.  I thank him for his leadership.   It is Congress' responsibility to ensure that CFIUS appropriately  balances the benefits of our traditionally open investment climate with  the need to protect our national security. And make no mistake, the  national security threats we face today in this area are both serious  and evolving. The world has become a much more complicated place since  Congress last reviewed and reformed the CFIUS process a decade ago. The  bill brings CFIUS into the 21st century.   H.R. 5841 would expand the jurisdiction of CFIUS with regard to  certain types of transactions that have previously avoided scrutiny,  and it reforms the national security reviews performed by CFIUS to  address growing concerns that foreign entities may be using  acquisitions of and partnerships with U.S. businesses to chip away at  American technological leadership.   The primary concern here is that China's aggressive industrial policy  and their efforts to invest in early stage, cutting-edge U.S.  technologies with potential military applications, including artificial  intelligence and robotics, in part to advance China's military  modernization, will diminish America's technological advantage.   During the course of our deliberations on this legislation, despite  some honest intellectual disagreements as to how best to counter this  threat, at the end of the day, we understood that we have a  responsibility to address these problems in the most effective and  efficient way possible, in ways that do not undermine other important  functions of government, many of which also contribute to our national  security.   Importantly, this legislation also recognizes that, as the volume of  cases and the complexity of transactions continue to increase,  expanding the scope of CFIUS without additional resources would not  only undermine CFIUS' mission, but it would also deplete other  important government services and functions, both domestically and  internationally.   So I am very glad that this legislation authorizes $20 million  annually for the next 5 years to fund CFIUS' operation, as well as  provide the authority for Treasury to impose a filing fee on the  companies that file with CFIUS based on the value of the transaction,  taking into account a number of other factors, including the effect of  any given fee on small-business concerns.  [[Page H5694]]    The bill does not address everyone's concerns yet, including concerns  by some entertainment industry stakeholders, which I share. As we move  forward, I will continue to support ongoing refinements to the  legislation.   H.R. 5841 deserves strong support in the House, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes.''   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to  yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Heck), a member  of the Financial Services Committee who has fought tirelessly on CFIUS  reform and has been engaged in this process from the beginning, for the  purposes of a colloquy.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Heck).    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he  may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Heck).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I think that all of our speakers have been eloquent in  the way that they have described the work that was done on the bill. I  am very pleased and proud that on this issue of national security that  we were able to come together. I think that what we have done is  certainly in the best interests of our country.   As the chairman said, some did not get everything that they would  like to have in the bill, but we were able to work through the various  concerns, I think, in a very honest and open way.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``aye'' on this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   