 Mr. President, I rise today to oppose the nomination of  Stuart Kyle Duncan to serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.   Our Founders established our court system as an independent arbiter  that would protect the rights of every American and ensure equal  justice under the law. For us to move forward, our democracy requires  an independent and impartial judiciary.   Unfortunately, the Trump administration has focused on nominating  individuals to our courts who have extreme partisan agendas that would  move us backward. This latest nomination is no different. Mr. Duncan  has spent his career working to undermine the progress we have made  toward building a more inclusive, more equal United States. Rather than  working to include more people in our democracy, Mr. Duncan's law  practice has seemingly been devoted to restricting people's rights and  making life more challenging for some of the most marginalized among  us. His dangerous record raises serious doubts about his ability to act  impartially on the bench with regard to a number of key issues.   In recent years, our Nation has made significant progress in  advancing the rights of our LGBTQ family and friends, built on the  principle that all people deserve the right to fully participate in the  social, civic, and economic life of our community. At every turn, Mr.  Duncan has been on the wrong side of history, working at the forefront  in the fight against LGBTQ equality. He has been vehemently opposed to  marriage equality, filing a legal brief to the Supreme Court arguing  against the decision that was reached in the 2015 Obergefell v. Hodges  case, later claiming that the decision ``raises a question about the  legitimacy of the Court.'' He has even gone so far as to repeatedly  claim that nationwide marriage equality, ``imperils civic peace,'' a  statement that is both ridiculous and offensive.   Mr. Duncan has fought against adoption rights for same-sex parents  and has dismissed the real necessity for LGBTQ antidiscrimination laws.   He has been unyielding in his attempts to undermine the rights of  transgender individuals. In two major cases involving transgender  rights, including the now infamous so-called ``bathroom bill'' in North  Carolina, Mr. Duncan has been the go-to attorney, demeaning transgender  people and even describing them as ``delusional.'' Given his history, I  am deeply concerned that Mr. Duncan would be unable to act impartially  if a case involving LGBTQ Americans were to come before the Fifth  Circuit.   I also have real concerns of Mr. Duncan's record when it comes to  women's healthcare and their constitutionally protected rights because  his record shows that he has been a consistent opponent of reproductive  freedom.   Mr. Duncan was the lead counsel in the backward Supreme Court Hobby  Lobby decision, which allows employers to deny contraceptive coverage  to women. He has long supported efforts to diminish women's access to  their constitutionally protected right to an abortion, arguing in favor  of a Texas law in Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt that shut down  abortion providers and was eventually rejected by the Court. He even  contested the fact that contraceptives can be necessary to protect a  woman's health and has challenged the importance of contraception to a  woman's capacity to compete economically.   Medical professionals prescribe contraceptives to women for a variety  of health conditions, including conditions such as ovarian cysts, which  can be debilitating and could threaten a woman's fertility. Moreover,  women who use contraceptives to engage in family planning often have  better health outcomes, as do their children.   To compete economically on a level playing field, women must be able  to make their own decisions about if or when to start a family. Studies  have shown that women who have greater access to contraceptive coverage  are better able to support themselves and their families and to be full  participants not just in our economy but also in our democracy.   Women must be recognized for their capacity to make their own  healthcare decisions, just as men are. They must also have the full  independence to do so. But it is clear that Mr. Duncan has a  fundamental misunderstanding of the importance of reproductive freedom  and ensuring that women are treated equally.   On these key issues, Mr. Duncan lacks the impartiality and commitment  to equal justice for every American that is needed to serve in a  lifetime judicial appointment. This is particularly critical on the  Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, which covers States that lack critical  protections for LGBTQ Americans and have a history of passing dangerous  laws that have blocked women's access to healthcare. Marginalized  individuals in the States in the Fifth Circuit and all Americans  deserve judges who will always use sound judgment and objectivity and  not operate with extreme ideological agendas.   I will oppose Mr. Duncan's nomination to the Fifth Circuit Court of  Appeals, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   