 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Merkley for  bringing us all together to address what is, I think, as my colleague  Senator Hassan has said, one of the dark marks in the history of our  country.   I rise today to call attention to what has clearly been a human  rights abuse committed by the U.S. Government, and that is the  outrageous and inhumane separation of children from their parents at  the border. This morning,  [[Page S4302]]  thousands of children woke up without their parents, not knowing where  they were, not knowing when they would see them again, not knowing the  adults who surround them, having no relationship of trust with these  people who have removed their ability to be in the arms and embrace of  their parents. This is simply inhumane, and it is unacceptable.   Even with the Executive order from the President of the United  States, that number will be the same tomorrow. Those 2,000-plus  children will be in the same situation tomorrow that they were in today  and the day before and the day before and the day before that.   Over the last few months, the Department of Homeland Security has  separated more than 2,000 children from their parents at the border,  many of them younger than 4 years old. Let's be clear about what that  point is and that moment is in this stage of human development. Age is  more than a chronological fact. There are phases of childhood that can  never be replaced--phases of childhood that when that child experiences  trauma, he or she will have lifelong impact; phases of life during  which a child is so innocent and needs love and needs nurturing and  needs that love and nurturing from their parents. It cannot be replaced  by anyone else, and certainly not by the cage in which they are now  being held.   So let's look at where we are. It is a child's worst nightmare, a  nightmare that is displayed, as my colleagues have discussed, in the  stories of a child who was apparently ripped from her mother's breast  while being breastfed. There are nightmare stories of a 3-year-old who  was torn from the arms of his father and the father being so distraught  that he took his own life.   We should tell the truth. We have to speak the truth. The American  public knows the truth. Let's speak truth here in the U.S. Senate.  Let's speak truth as leaders and acknowledge the lifelong consequences  of the separation we visited upon these children and their parents. The  American Medical Association and the American Academy of Pediatrics  have weighed in on this topic, and what they have said is that family  separation in these cases, not as a general matter--it is generally  true--but specifically in these cases it will cause lifelong trauma.  They have indicated there is empirical evidence of the fact that it is  likely to cause significant harm to the brain structure of these  children and will affect these children's long- and short-term health.   Let's be clear. A society is judged based on how it treats its  children. A society is judged based on how it treats the least among  us, and we will be judged harshly. History will judge us harshly  because of what this administration has done.   As I stand here at this moment, hours after the announcement of the  Executive order on this issue, I find it shocking that the Executive  order fails to acknowledge that over 2,000 children are currently, at  this very moment, without their parents. I find it shocking that the  Executive order fails to acknowledge, take into account or even concern  itself with the fact that tonight there will be over 2,000 children who  will go to bed, who will go to sleep without a kiss goodnight from  their mother or their father. There are 2,000 children in our country  tonight who will go to bed without a hug from their parents. The 2,000  children tonight will go to bed asking: Where is my mommy? Where is my  daddy? This is an outrage.   It is an outrage--not to mention these children are innocent and have  committed no wrongdoing whatsoever. Let's be clear.   Thankfully, the American people have been speaking out over these  last many weeks, and that is the only reason the administration finally  had to acknowledge that politically it could not survive its misdeeds.  There has still been no acknowledgment by this administration that it  visited this policy upon itself and, after urging from every type of  person from every walk of life, still held steadfast in supporting this  policy. Then it started to snowball, and they couldn't stand by it any  longer, but it was only because of the pressure, only because of the  relentless coverage by journalists who went to Texas, who went to  California and the activists who stood outside of those detention  centers and demanded that there be justice and humanity in this system,  and it was because of that activism and because of those people  speaking out that finally this administration did what was necessary to  end the thing that it started around the separation of these children.  But this is not enough.   The reality is that there is nothing about this Executive order that  addresses those 2,000 children who are currently without their parents.  There is nothing about the administration's stated policy as of today  that indicates any plan to reunify those children with their parents.   Let's look at the effect of this Executive order. The effect is there  is still indefinite detention of families in America because of this  administration's policy. So now we are going to go from babies in cages  to babies with their mommies in cages.   Let's be clear about the effect of this Executive order. Millions  more taxpayer dollars will be used to expand detention camps on top of  the billions of taxpayer dollars that have already poured into this  detention system.   Let's be clear about the effect of this Executive order. The so- called zero tolerance policy that created this problem in the first  place is still in effect. It is still in effect.   Let's be clear about this Executive order. The effect is to suggest  that a mother fleeing the murder capital of the world--which is what  the zero tolerance policy suggests--that a mother fleeing with her  child from the murder capital of the world should be treated as being a  threat to our safety that is equal to being a member of a transnational  criminal organization. As a prosecutor for most of my adult life, I  find that absolutely disingenuous and absolutely wrong on a moral  level, on an ethical level, and devoid of any reference to real fact.  But I am not surprised, given the administration's track record on this  issue.   If you look at what has been coming out of this administration in  terms of its policies, it paints a constellation of attacks on  immigrant women, immigrant children, and immigrant families. Let's look  at the constellation before us and what has been going on.   Let's just look at how this administration has changed the policies  about detention of pregnant women. Before this administration acted on  this subject, it was the policy of the U.S. Government to place  pregnant women in the least restrictive place, where they could be able  to get the kind of prenatal care they so desperately need and deserve.  This administration rolled back those protections of pregnant women.   Let's look; there used to be a policy that gave a presumption that  pregnant women would not even be detained and should be in less  restrictive situations, but this administration changed that policy.   Let's look at how the Office of the Inspector General and the  Government Accountability Office have raised serious concerns about  oversight and conditions in the detention facilities. There is nothing  about this Executive order that addresses those concerns.   Let's look at a complaint filed just last year by numerous  organizations, such as the Women's Refugee Commission, that documents  insufficient medical care and inhumane conditions for pregnant women in  ICE custody--all of which is why I have been proud to work with  Representative Jayapal to introduce the DONE Act, which will slash ICE  detention beds by using alternatives to detention and would increase  badly needed oversight of these facilities.   Let's look at another policy. There are reports that the Department  of Homeland Security is looking at decreasing the standard of care for  children in detention facilities--decreasing the standard of care.  These standards govern the types of meals that a child must eat in  order to be healthy. These standards govern the kind of recreation a  child should receive, again, in order to be healthy, and just this past  month, the Attorney General of the United States announced a decision  that makes it nearly impossible for victims of domestic violence, over  90 percent of whom are women, to seek asylum in the United States.   Let's look at one final policy that makes this administration's  priorities around children very clear--the fact that they have ended  DACA. We have talked about this extensively. We have talked about how  the American Government made a promise to these  [[Page S4303]]  Dreamers, these young people, and this administration has failed to  keep that promise.   So what we see is an administration that is engaged in an act of  complete hypocrisy, pretending to care about families and children,  when in fact, they have a track record of policies that are  specifically damaging to families, women, and children.   In conclusion, there is no medical or logical reason that dictates or  requires this administration to detain more pregnant women, and it has  to stop. There is no evidence that says you should reduce care for  children in detention facilities. That has to stop. There is no reason  not to have a plan to reunify the 2,300 children who will go to sleep  tonight torn from their parents and alone. There is no reason, and it  has to stop. This is not reflective of who we are as a country. We are  better than this.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   