 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Oregon for  organizing this evening's recognition.   Fifty-three years ago this week, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed  Medicare and Medicaid into law, delivering healthcare to seniors and  some of our most vulnerable citizens, and bolstering efforts to expand  opportunity and help more of our people thrive. Today, tens of millions  of Americans are covered through Medicare and Medicaid.   In communities in New Hampshire and throughout our country, seniors  are able to live active, engaging, and high-quality lives,  participating physically and economically, because of the care Medicare  provides. We know Medicaid has delivered countless benefits to people  from all walks of life. Medicaid helps seniors and those who experience  disabilities receive supports that allow them to live independently in  their homes and in their communities. It also helps countless children  who experience disabilities go to school, and it assists school  districts in covering costs for special education services and  equipment.    New Hampshire's bipartisan Medicaid expansion plan has provided more  than 50,000 hard-working Granite Staters with the peace of mind that  comes with quality, affordable health insurance.   Experts on the frontlines have said that our Medicaid expansion plan  is the No. 1 tool at our disposal to combat the opioid crisis in New  Hampshire. What we have learned is that when people who have substance  misuse disorders have Medicaid coverage, they have the opportunity to  change their lives, people like a Granite Stater named Elizabeth, who  at one point in her life was homeless and lost custody of her son as a  result of a substance misuse disorder. Elizabeth is in recovery and  works at the SOS Recovery Community Organization in Rochester, a  facility that recently celebrated an expansion to ensure that they can  help even more people in need. Elizabeth has credited her recovery to  the services she has received through Medicaid expansion and has  stressed its importance in helping people who have struggled with  substance misuse disorder find the support and help they need to  improve their lives, to get better, to work, to raise a family.   On this anniversary, we must reaffirm our commitment to protecting  Medicare and Medicaid and strengthening them so that they are available  for future generations. Unfortunately, the Trump administration and my  Republican colleagues have repeatedly pushed efforts that would  undermine and drastically cut Medicare and Medicaid.   During last year's TrumpCare debate, a top priority for Republicans  was instituting massive cuts to Medicaid that would have forced States  to choose between slashing benefits, reducing the number of people who  can get care, or both, threatening the very services on which children,  people with disabilities, and seniors depend. Thankfully, the TrumpCare  bill failed, but efforts from this administration to sabotage the  health of millions haven't stopped, and Medicare and Medicaid continue  to be under threat for drastic cuts, all so that Republicans can pay  for their massive tax breaks for corporate special interests.   These attacks on our healthcare must stop. Our constituents  understand the benefits of these programs,  [[Page S5491]]  and they want us to work together to safeguard them so that they are  available and effective for our seniors, our children, our most  vulnerable, now and in the future.   With the creation of Medicare and Medicaid, our country acknowledged  an obligation to protect the health and wellness of our people, and it  has acknowledged and it has seen the value of doing so--for  individuals, for communities, and for our economy.   Fifty-three years ago, Americans made a promise to each other, as  self-governing people have the unique privilege and power to do. I am  going to continue fighting to make good on that promise for years to  come.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Wyden for his leadership  for our seniors, for our Nation's economy, and for all of our people.   