 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4033, and I  yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Brown) to give his remarks.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This bill would extend the tenure of a very successful bedrock  science program for an additional 5 years, as well as make some  technical changes to the law.   Since 1992, the National Geologic Mapping Act has supported geologic  mapping in the United States through the establishment of the National  Cooperative Geologic Mapping Program, or NCGMP. The NCGMP is  responsible for supporting geologic mapping within the United States  and has done so successfully for over 25 years by supporting efforts at  the Federal, State, and university levels.   Geologic maps are used in several important ways: mineral, energy,  and water resource exploration; geoscience research; toxic and nuclear  waste disposal; environmental land use planning; decreasing the impact  of natural hazards; constructing and maintaining infrastructure; and  much more.   Reliable and accurate geologic mapping is underappreciated by, and in  most cases invisible to, the public, but it underpins huge sectors of  our economy and is essential for improving the health and safety of  every American.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives Lamborn and Brown for their work  on this bill and am happy to voice my support of it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5787 and I yield  4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. Blunt Rochester), my  colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I commend Congressman Dunn and Congresswoman  Blunt Rochester for their leadership on this bipartisan bill to codify  a series of updated Coastal Barrier Resources System pilot project  maps.   This legislation, much like the underlying act, demonstrates that  good environmental stewardship, conservation, and coastal resiliency go  hand in hand with responsible taxpayer protections.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This bill amends the Arkansas Wilderness Act of 1984 to designate 640  acres in the Ouachita National Forest. We are pleased to work with our  colleagues across the aisle to identify areas that deserve wilderness  designation and to increase conservation opportunities for our most  wild and serene places.   This bill adds to a conservation legacy signed into law by President  Reagan and demonstrates that protection of public lands can be a  bipartisan priority. We look forward to continuing this work as we wrap  up the year and move into the next Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by yielding 4  minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Suozzi), my colleague, who  was the sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I would like to commend Representative Suozzi for this bipartisan  initiative to honor the legacy of Congressman Lester Wolff, who had the  foresight to protect Oyster Bay from unnecessary development. Thanks to  his hard work and vision, the refuge remains an important stopover for  wintering waterfowl and a popular destination for outdoor recreation.  This bill is a fitting tribute that deserves our support.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 440 authorizes the conveyance of certain public lands  owned by the Bureau of Reclamation around the Dickinson Reservoir in  North Dakota. I am glad to say that this bill ensures that taxpayers  receive appropriate compensation for transferred public lands. The  legislation also ensures that transferred recreation lands continue to  be available to the public for recreational uses.   Congress has a long tradition of approving public land conveyances so  long as they promote public purposes and provide appropriate  compensation to the American taxpayers. S. 440 meets these  requirements.   Mr. Speaker, I support the passage of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 2074 authorizes the conveyance of certain public  lands owned by the Bureau of Reclamation around Jamestown Reservoir in  North Dakota.   Like S. 440, this bill ensures that taxpayers receive appropriate  compensation for transferred lands and also ensures that transferred  recreation lands continue to be available to the public for  recreational uses.   For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I support the passage of S. 2074, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes a land exchange between the U.S.  Forest Service and Yavapai County, Arizona. The Federal land that will  be conveyed to the county is surrounded by county-owned and private  land, including Windmill Park, a popular recreation destination for  local residents.   Yavapai County intends to manage the land as part of the park in an  effort to increase access and improve management efficiency. In  exchange, the Forest Service will receive a parcel of land adjacent to  Coconino National Forest that provides habitat for the cliffrose--an  endangered plant species. The bill ensures an equal value exchange  based on standard appraisal requirements--a critical safeguard that  guarantees a fair return for taxpayer-owned assets.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2615 is a simple bill that authorizes a land  exchange between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign  Wars Post 5699 in Ocean Springs, Mississippi. The bill passed the House  in the 114th Congress, and we passed it again nearly a year ago.   The veterans at Post 5699 in Mr. Palazzo's district have been waiting  a long time for this exchange, so I am pleased that we have an  opportunity to agree to the changes proposed by the Senate and advance  this measure to the President's desk. This exchange is supported by the  VFW Post and the National Park Service. It is a simple and logical  solution to a local issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to speak on this next bill, H.R. 5706,  the World War II Pacific Sites Establishment Act, and it means a great  deal to me. H.R. 5706 would allow for a functional redesignation of two  significant sites in Hawaii: Pearl Harbor and the Honouliuli Internment  Camp, providing both of these sites with enabling legislation that  recognizes their significant roles in history. The boundaries and  management of these sites will not change.   Pearl Harbor is the only site in Hawaii currently incorporated in the  World War II Valor of the Pacific National Monument, which also  includes sites located in California and Alaska. Although the Valor  Monument consists of multiple sites, National Park Service materials  reference Pearl Harbor as the World War II Valor in the Pacific  National  Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we support this bill to authorize the National Park  Service to permit flood control and erosion projects in the Gateway  National Recreation Area.   Specifically, the gentleman's bill will enable New York City to move  forward with the Staten Island seawall, a project designed to protect  communities from future flooding events.   A few weeks ago was the 6-year anniversary of Superstorm Sandy, a  somber reminder of the importance of planning for powerful storm  surges, sea-level rise, and other impacts of climate change. For good  reason, the seawall project is a major priority for the residents of  Staten Island and New York.   Residents of Hawaii understand the urgency of preparing for the  impacts of climate change, so I understand the persistence of  Representative Donovan and others in New York to advance this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.   