 Mr. President, I rise to speak out in opposition to  the nomination of Kathy Kraninger to serve as the Director of the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.   The CFPB is a consumer's watchdog on Wall Street and the big banks.  It was created in the aftermath of the financial crisis to protect  Americans from predatory and abusive practices and ensure that  financial institutions play by the rules.   Since 2010, the CFPB has investigated and held accountable abusive  student loan companies, predatory payday lenders, and fraudulent  multinational corporations--just to name a few. It has also protected  our Nation's veterans and Active-Duty servicemembers from targeted  scams and illegal debt collection practices.   The CFPB has secured over $12 billion in relief for Americans. Just  this past April, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau sued Wells  Fargo for creating millions of fake accounts, destroying credit scores,  and forcing millions of customers to pay phony penalties and fees.   The people at the CFPB work every single day to make the financial  system safe and fair for hard-working families. We can't go back to the  way things were before the CFPB was created. We can't go back to a time  when there was no strong consumer advocates at the Federal level.   I remember this time all too well. I was Nevada's attorney general  when the markets crashed in 2008. The subprime mortgage crisis hit  Nevada harder than any State in the country. We had the highest  foreclosure rate in the Nation for 62 months straight.   I worked to hold the big banks accountable for the damage they did to  our State and to help people stay in their homes. Meanwhile, the  Federal regulators were asleep at the wheel. They were letting the big  banks write their own rules and defraud consumers until the markets  came crashing down.   The CFPB was designed to close the leadership gap at the Federal  level, to stand up to predators like Wells Fargo, and protect the  rights of American people. To ensure the CFPB continues its mission of  looking out for consumers' best interests, we need strong leadership at  the Agency. We need someone with the right experience, the right  qualifications, and the right mindset. We need someone willing to stand  up not only to bad actors in the financial industry but also to  President Trump.   The administration has already stripped critical enforcement powers  away from the CFPB. It has repealed rules that govern predatory payday  lenders and shut down an office that focuses on protecting students  from abusive student loans. We can't afford to go any further down this  path.   President Trump's nominee for CFPB Director, Kathy Kraninger, is  unqualified to lead this Agency. In her testimony before the Senate  Banking Committee, on which I sit, she failed to demonstrate an  understanding of the CFPB's core functions or even a willingness to  uphold its central mission.   Like many of President Trump's nominees, Kraninger seems handpicked  to undermine the Agency's mission. She testified to this, and it  appeared at the hearing that her main goal was to be a faithful  disciple to Mick Mulvaney--the architect behind this administration's  plan to destroy the CFPB from the inside out, and she will continue  crippling its power that is essential to protecting American consumers.   The next Director of the CFPB will be called upon to make a choice,  to stand aside and allow powerful special interests to call the shots  in our country's financial system or to fight for families who want a  fair and affordable loan to buy a car, a home, or college education for  their children or a bank account and credit card without costly fees or  who are simply trying to make ends meet.   Kathy Kraninger can't be relied upon to make the right choice, and  she does not have my vote. I encourage my colleagues to vote against  this nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   