 Mr. Speaker, after much  consideration, I will reluctantly vote for this legislation. The  bipartisan agreement included $6 billion to combat opioid abuse and  improving mental health, $2 billion for research at the National  Institutes of Health and $4 billion for college affordability. The  measure extends one of my legislative priorities, the Children's Health  Insurance Program for 10 years.   Since Hurricane Harvey's landfall in last August, I have worked  tirelessly with the Texas Governor, the Texas Congressional delegation,  local mayors, county commissioners and police and fire chiefs to  identify and meet the needs of impacted Texans. The agreement increases  overall disaster relief from $81 billion to $89 billion which means it  will increase Texas's share of that relief and to significantly  increase the funding for critical Army Corps flood management projects  that help Texas to take necessary measures against future flooding  events.   Additionally, I have fought hard for many years to fund the needs of  our veterans, and our transportation infrastructure. This bill provides  $4 billion to reduce the VA healthcare maintenance backlog. There will  be $20 billion to invest in infrastructure, including programs related  to rural water and wastewater, clean  [[Page H1069]]  and safe drinking water, rural broadband, energy, innovative capital  projects, and surface transportation.   The agreement includes funding for child care, including the  bipartisan Child Care Development Block Grant program and funding for  student-centered programs that aid college completion and  affordability, including those that help police officers, teachers and  firefighters.   Mr. Speaker, I will vote yes on this bill because the measure also  closes the Medicare Part D ``donut hole'' for seniors in 2019. I will  continue to work to make sure that Congress follows through on this  deal, and that Texas' 30th District gets what it needs to move our  communities, our state and the Nation forward.   