 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there was a time when Blacks and Whites  couldn't get married or go to the same school. The Supreme Court  changed that. There was a time when gay people could be arrested for  loving one another and when it was illegal for them to get married. The  Supreme Court changed that. There was a time when thousands of women  died from having illegal, unsafe abortions. The Supreme Court changed  that.   The Justices on the Supreme Court matter to each and every one of our  lives. That is why there is so much concern over President Trump's  nominee to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court--Judge Brett  Kavanaugh.   Rightwing groups, like the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist  Society, have been working for decades to set the stage to pack our  Federal courts with ideologically driven conservatives. They have  invested millions of dollars and decades of time in this effort. These  two organizations have played the primary role in vetting and selecting  Donald Trump's nominees to the Supreme Court. By including Judge  Kavanaugh on their list of potential nominees, these two organizations  certainly expect that he will reflect their own ideological  perspectives, which include overturning Roe v. Wade and repealing the  Affordable Care Act, the ACA. They certainly expected Neil Gorsuch-- another name on their list--to do the same when he got on the Supreme  Court. In the short time he has been on the Court, Justice Gorsuch has  not disappointed them.   Is it any wonder that millions of people across the country are  raising concerns over the nomination of yet another nominee on the  Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation's wish list? Isn't it  reasonable to conclude that Judge Kavanaugh will also reflect the  ideological agendas of these organizations?   This is why Judge Kavanaugh does not deserve the benefit of the  doubt. He has the exceptionally high burden of proof to assure the  American people he can be fair and objective. The Senate has a  constitutional obligation that is equal to the President's to vet a  President's nominee to the Supreme Court and fulfill its advice and  consent obligation responsibilities. I take this responsibility  seriously because a fight for the future of the Supreme Court will have  ramifications for so many issues that we care about.    Our Federal courts have been at the center of the Republican Party's  strategy to dismantle, gut, and weaken the Affordable Care Act, the  ACA, since it was passed over 8 years ago. The Supreme Court narrowly  upheld the constitutionality of the ACA's core provisions in 2012. The  ACA provides affordable, accessible health insurance to millions of  people in our country who would otherwise not have such insurance. But  the Republican Party's effort to sabotage this critically important law  through the courts continues unabated.   Right now, Texas and 19 other States have a lawsuit pending in  Federal court that claims, among other things, that the Affordable Care  Act's protections for Americans living with preexisting conditions-- illnesses such as diabetes, asthma, and cancer--are invalid. The Trump  administration filed a brief supporting Texas in its attack on the  ACA's protections for millions of people in our country with  preexisting conditions. This case will likely end up before the Supreme  Court. If Texas wins its lawsuit, the healthcare of millions of  Americans will be at stake--meaning one in four Americans could either  lose their health coverage or pay exponentially more for healthcare.   The outcome of this case is personal to millions of Americans and  their families, and it is certainly personal to me. A little over 1  year ago, I was diagnosed with kidney cancer. I was fortunate. I have  health insurance that allows me to focus on fighting my illness rather  than worrying about how I will pay for my treatment. I now join the  millions of Americans living with a preexisting condition--illnesses  that don't discriminate on the basis of age, gender, or political  ideology.   As this case makes its way to the Supreme Court, the American people  should not forget that Donald Trump and this administration have been  openly hostile to the ACA, a law that has helped millions of people. In  fact, the President has openly bragged about all the things he has done  to gut the ACA. Does the President expect his nominee, Judge Kavanaugh,  to protect the ACA? I don't think so--quite the opposite.   The next Supreme Court Justice will also play a determining role in  the future of a woman's right to make her own reproductive health  decisions. I remember vividly the stories of women dying in America,  unable to access safe, legal abortions. The fight for reproductive  freedom, prompted by these stories, was one of the reasons I got  involved in politics.   When I was in college, the first letter I ever wrote to Hawaii's  congressional delegation was about abortion at a time when our State  legislature was debating whether to legalize abortion. Hawaii became  the first State in the country to do so. Those of us who lived in a  time before Roe v. Wade, when a woman was forced to have a child  against her will, are deeply concerned about the future of a woman's  right to have an abortion, to have that freedom of choice.   Throughout his campaign for the Presidency, Donald Trump repeatedly  promised to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who would favor  overturning the core holding in Roe v. Wade. The Heritage Foundation  and Federalist Society share this goal, and it is not a stretch to  assume that the names they included on their Supreme Court wish list  hold the same views.   Judge Kavanaugh's record on this issue is deeply troubling and of  significant concern. Last year, Judge Kavanaugh issued a dissent in a  case that granted a 17-year-old immigrant in the custody of the  Department of Health and Human Services, HHS, the right to get an  abortion. Kavanaugh argued in his dissent that holding the  [[Page S4907]]  young woman in custody, refusing to release her for a medical  appointment for a procedure until HHS was able to find her a sponsor  who would serve as a foster parent, was not an undue burden under the  Supreme Court's legal test.   He did not consider holding someone in government custody to be an  undue burden. This is the view of someone who will not follow the law  as it is currently set forth by the Supreme Court if confronted with  challenges to Roe. Let us remember, it is the Supreme Court that sets  precedent, and that can happen if Judge Kavanaugh is on the Court.  Really, his dissent in this case is a view of someone chosen for a  reason, ready to fulfill Donald Trump's campaign promise to see Roe v.  Wade overturned.   This fight matters. Who sits on our courts matters. How we exercise  our constitutional duty to examine a nominee for the highest Court in  our land matters. Just as well-financed conservative interests have  spent decades setting the stage for the court packing going on today,  those of us who oppose this agenda need to mobilize, resist, and stay  engaged for the long haul in the fight for a fair and independent  judiciary.   I yield the floor.   