 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I come to the floor as a cosponsor of H.R. 4. It is  legislation that is long overdue in addressing the immediate and long- term needs of the FAA and our aviation industry. It includes a number  of priorities that I fought for which are critical to my State of  Nevada.   First, the legislation extends the authorization of the Nevada UAS  test range to ensure completion of its critical work in coordination  with the FAA and NASA on low-altitude air traffic management systems,  commonly referred to as UTM.   It also includes my amendment with Congressman Webster from Florida  to ensure that the Nation's largest airports, including McCarran in Las  Vegas, participate in a streamlined approval process for passenger  facility charge projects so we can modernize our crumbling airport  infrastructure.   In addition, it includes, as you have heard, a number of critical  provisions that enhance safety, protect consumers, and keep our  aerospace industry number one in the world.   As the new ranking member of the Economic Development, Public  Buildings, and Emergency Management Subcommittee, I am also pleased  that the language of the Disaster Recovery and Reform Act are included  in this bill.   Last year's back-to-back-to-back massive hurricanes, followed by  mudslides and devastating wildfires, demonstrate the growing challenges  we face as we continue to grapple with global climate change. Lives  were lost, individuals and animals were injured, and property damages  were just outstanding. Many are still trying to get their lives back to  normal. So it would be irresponsible and unacceptable for us to follow  the Flat Earth Society's notion that this doesn't really exist. It  indeed is a threat to our health and safety.   The act takes concrete steps towards making our communities safer. An  ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. For every $1 you spend on  premitigation, you save $6 in future disaster costs.   The DRRA addresses this by providing stable funding for the Emergency  Management Pre-Disaster Mitigation Program and also additional funding  for wildfire suppression.   In addition, it requires that communities build back to the latest  model building codes. Since the Federal Government is paying for a  minimum of 75 percent of major disaster costs, it is necessary for us  to protect our investment by requiring stronger, smarter, and more  resilient rebuilding.   Mr. Chair, I hope that the bill moves forward without any poison  pills, because we need this legislation. It is a good bill, and I  support it.   