 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also  thank him and Mr. Harper for their leadership in bringing this  legislation to the floor.   Congratulations to the Committee on House Administration. I commend  Congresswoman Brooks and Congressman  [[Page H806]]  Deutch for their work on the Ethics Committee in this regard. I thank  Mr. Raskin as well for his work.   Of course I want to thank Congresswoman Jackie Speier from  California, who has made this part of her life's work in officialdom in  her public service in the California Legislature and here. Today, the  fruit of your labor, Madam Congresswoman, comes to fruition. Your  strong leadership will ensure that no survivor of discrimination or  harassment will face the injustice of having his or her voice silenced.   The ME TOO Congress Act is our promise, in a bipartisan way, to hold  every person accountable to the rule of absolutely zero tolerance. No  matter someone's contribution to our country, harassment and  discrimination are always unacceptable.   With this bill, we are shining a blazing light on the scourge of  workplace abuse, which has been allowed to fester in the shadows for  too long. We are securing protections for all employees by streamlining  and strengthening the resolution and reporting process.   We are holding Members personally responsible for settlements, and we  are guaranteeing taxpayer money will never again be used to create a  culture of complicity and silence around workplace harassment.   This bill is bipartisan because the fight against workplace  harassment and discrimination transcends party or politics. This  legislation is about protecting the personal safety of every person who  comes to Congress to serve either as a Member or in the workforce. This  is about upholding human dignity and the inalienable right to live free  from abuse.   Our Nation is at a watershed moment in the fight against sexual  harassment and discrimination. Brave men and women from Hollywood to  Washington, from Sacramento--I might add, where my daughter has been  involved in this campaign--from the boardroom to the newsroom, in the  hotels, restaurants, and workplaces, in every corner of the country,  people are standing up to say: Time is up.   But the Me Too movement has really made quite a difference. Their  voices are correcting the culture around harassment and abuse.   But more needs to be done. The Congress must continue to work with  the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and others to forge a path  forward to improve protection for all American workplaces. That is why  I am so pleased to bring this bill to the floor.   Over recent times, Members of Congress listened to survivors and  advocates, learned from public and private sector experts, and received  constructive recommendations from many Members. We will not rest until  every person in every workplace has full safeguards against harassment  and abuse and discrimination. This is a time for shaking up the status  quo, not for bowing to inaction and incrementalism.   Members of Congress are trustees of the people. We have a solemn  responsibility to do well by the people, both the people who sent us to  Washington, and those who serve by our sides here. Our values and our  humanity compel us to take action and to finish this fight so that  every woman, man, and child can live free from the fear of abuse.   Again, I thank Mr. Brady and Mr. Harper for their leadership on this  issue.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to rule IX, I rise to a question of  the privileges of the House, and I send to the desk a privileged  resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I do.    Mr. Speaker, I wish to explain why the House should  consider this privileged resolution.   Mr. Speaker, Members of Congress take an oath to support and defend  the Constitution of the United States and protect the American people.  The House majority and its leadership have abandoned that duty.   It is imperative that the House vote to release the Democratic memo  to set the record straight on Republicans' attempts to undermine the  Russian investigation. It is also important to note that who knows what  they have next.   The majority's decision to release highly classified and distorted  intelligence is profoundly dangerous and gives a bouquet to Putin. As  the Department of Justice warned, the public  [[Page H832]]  release of the memo is an unprecedented action and extraordinarily  reckless.   The FBI also expressed grave concerns about the material omissions of  fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy. The memo prepared  by the House Intelligence Committee's Democrats must be expeditiously  released after review and appropriate redaction of sources and methods  by law enforcement officials: the Justice Department, the intelligence  community.   The President must declassify the memo without any redactions based  on any political considerations. This is an urgent matter of national  security and intelligence.    Mr. Speaker, I was hoping to hear the gentleman's  parliamentary inquiry, but if the Chair is not going to allow that to  be heard, I appeal the ruling of the Chair.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me,  and I commend her for her extraordinary leadership on the  Appropriations Committee, where important decisions are made about how  to allocate the resources of our country to invest in the aspirations  of the American people, to respect the sacrifice of our men and women  in uniform, and to honor the vows of our Founders for a country that is  making the future better for every generation to come.   The distinguished chairman of the committee, Mr. Frelinghuysen,  opened his remarks by saying he came to the floor to introduce the  fifth continuing resolution. And the gentleman who followed him talked  about this being the fifth continuing resolution.   The more is not the merrier. It is like golf: the lower the score,  the better. To have five continuing resolutions is a statement of  incompetence and ineptitude.   The Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House;  yet they are pressing forward on their fifth stopgap, short-term  spending bill, demonstrating their failure to govern.   Since President Reagan was mentioned, I will mention our very first  President, our patriarch, George Washington. President Washington, when  he was leaving office, cautioned against political parties who were at  war with their own government.   Does that sound familiar to you?   Here we are again, 2 days from another shutdown, careening toward  another manufactured Republican crisis, demonstrating the Republican  failure to govern.   We don't want to go to that place. As Members of Congress, we take a  solemn oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States  and to protect the American people.   Democrats support a strong national defense. We, too, want our men  and women in uniform to have the resources they need to keep them safe  and to keep the American people safe as they accomplish their mission.   But we will not allow Republicans to use this continuing resolution,  the fifth time they had to come to the floor because they could not  govern, to hollow out our Nation's commitment to the health, education,  and economic security of America's working families.   We all know that our military might is part of our Nation's strength,  but the health, education, security, and well-being of the American  people is also a source of that strength.   Instead of working constructively with Democrats to meet the needs of  the American people, Republicans are trying to starve the domestic  budget. I just want to remind our colleagues: One-third, 34 percent-- one-third--of the nondefense domestic budget goes to national security.  When you starve the domestic budget, you are not making us stronger.  One-third of the domestic budget is about security; Homeland Security,  Veterans Affairs, the State Department, and antiterrorism activities of  the Justice Department.   But Republicans refuse to give our patriots funded on the domestic  side of the budget the resources they need to do their job, just the  chaos and uncertainty of yet another stopgap extension.   As Defense Secretary Mattis said, stopgap CRs ``just create  unpredictability. It makes us rigid. We cannot deal with new and  revealing threats. We know our enemies are not standing still, so it is  about as unwise as it can be.'' And here are, as unwise as can be for  the fifth time.    And while their continuing resolution seeks to ransack every other  commitment to the health of the American people, Republicans hide  behind a fig leaf of a 2-year extension of community health centers.  [[Page H890]]    We all support community health centers. It was a very important part  of the Affordable Care Act. A very important part. Our colleague,  assistant leader Mr. Clyburn from South Carolina, was one of the great  champions of all time of Congress on expanding funding for programs for  care and for bricks and mortar for our community health centers. This  is a very important piece for us. We should be extending it in a fuller  bill to 5 years, except it is used here to hide from the fact of so  much other domestic investment that we are not making.   Republicans are eliminating the Home Visiting initiative that is  vital for maternal and child care, and cutting off workforce training  for low-income Americans seeking good-paying jobs in healthcare.   The sole purpose of this Republican bill is to destroy our leverage  to achieve parity in the caps, to eliminate any need for bipartisan  compromise, to eliminate any need to invest in working families.   Why?   Because if they get their defense number, then they don't have to  negotiate about the domestic number. And as I said, we support our men  and women in uniform having what they need to be safe and to keep us  safe. But the strength of our country is measured in other ways as  well.   They don't believe that and they can't pass that, so they have to put  the defense bill there. But we cannot support that because, again, it  comes at the expense instead of as a source of strength to our country.   Democrats simply want action on the critical overdue and bipartisan  priorities of the American people so beautifully spelled out by our  ranking member, Congresswoman Lowey.   Again, we need funding for the opioid epidemic. The President talked  about that. Show us the money. The opioid epidemic claims the lives of  115 Americans every day, and it is getting worse every year in every  district in the country. Bipartisan support is there to fight the  opioid epidemic. Let's do it.   We need more funding for veterans, to meet our responsibility and  ensure that no veteran is denied the care they deserve upon returning  from the battlefield.   We need emergency disaster funding for all communities ravaged by  hurricanes and wildfires.   We need to save millions of hardworking Americans' endangered  pensions.   We need to pass the bipartisan Dream Act immediately. This is a moral  priority for us. This is about the character of our Nation, who we are  as a country. A nation, over time, constantly invigorated by people  coming to our country to seek the American Dream; a dream that is  predicated on every generation working to make the future better for  the next; a dream that takes determination, optimism, hope, and  courage. And when these newcomers come to America with that  determination, that courage, that optimism, that hope, they associate  themselves with the values of our Founders to make the future better  for the next generation. These newcomers to America make America more  American.   So we asked to bring the Hurd-Aguilar bill to the floor. It is  bipartisan. It has bipartisan support on the floor. It would pass. Have  the courage to bring a bill that protects the DREAMers to the floor of  the House.   These priorities that I mentioned are all bipartisan. They would pass  if brought to the floor for an up-or-down vote. The GOP squandered all  their time, energy, votes, and enthusiasm on tax breaks for  corporations and the wealthiest, with 83 percent of the tax bill going  to the top 1 percent. And now Republicans need to get serious and get  to work on a budget that funds both the military and the domestic  investments that keep our Nation strong.   I just want to make one point about that tax bill again. Did you see  that the Speaker of the House sang the glory of the tax bill because a  woman was getting $1.50 a week more in her paycheck? Did you see that?  Do you believe that that is a good thing when the top 1 percent were  probably getting $1,500 a week compared to her $1.50 a week in their  paycheck?   Thank God, after millions of people objected, the Speaker withdrew  that tweet. But I don't think he withdrew that sentiment, because it is  the same sentiment that haunts all of these negotiations about  investing in the American people.   Republicans must stop governing from manufactured crisis to crisis,  and work with Democrats to pass many urgent, long-overdue priorities of  the American people. As our distinguished ranking member, Mrs. Lowey,  said earlier in her remarks, ``We must abandon these short-term  bills.'' She spelled out very clearly why. I associate myself with her  remarks.    