 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak in  opposition to the nomination of Kyle Duncan for the U.S. Circuit Court  for the Fifth Circuit.   I find his nomination troubling, but I find many of President Trump's  nominees for judges troubling because they want to restrict established  rights or roll back privacy issues, whether it is Roe v. Wade or LGBT  rights.   In many cases, Mr. Duncan has tried to take away these very important  reproductive rights for women. From 2012 to 2014, he was the lead  counsel on the Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius Supreme Court case. That flawed  decision allows closely held corporations to deny FDA-approved  contraceptive coverage to women employees if the company owners object  to the contraception based on religious beliefs.   More than half of the working-age women in Washington State get their  healthcare coverage through their employer. They pay for their coverage  through hard-earned wages and compensation. Their employer should not  be able to just cherry-pick what benefits they get because the owners  have a self-professed religious objection.   Mr. Duncan also tried to go after State laws protecting birth control  access. Thanks in part to Washington State pharmacist Jennifer  Erickson, Washington State has a law on the books requiring all  pharmacies to stock and deliver all lawfully prescribed drugs,  including contraception, but Mr. Duncan worked to take that hard-fought  access away.   In 2016, he filed a brief urging the Supreme Court to take up a  challenge to the Washington State pharmacy law in order to strike it  down.   He also worked to deny access to constitutional rights to terminate  pregnancies. In the Whole Women's Health case, Mr. Duncan filed a brief  defending an unconstitutional Texas law that restricted access to safe  and legal abortions at qualified health providers.   Ultimately, in the Whole Women's Health case, the Supreme Court  rightly struck down this very deceptive Texas law, finding it had  nothing to do with medical necessity and placed an undue burden on  women.   In the landmark case of Obergefell v. Hodges, Mr. Duncan authored an  amicus brief which argued against same-sex marriage, and he has  represented North Carolina in their defense of the ``bathroom bill,''  which discriminated against transgender individuals. We need to expand  the rights of the LGBT community, not nominate a judge who believes we  should roll back these laws that are so important to the individuals in  my State.   Mr. Duncan also defended North Carolina's restrictive voting laws  which limited early voting, prevented same-day registration, and placed  limitations on where people could vote. The appeals court found that  these restrictions violated the Voting Rights Act because they were  disproportionately affecting African Americans. We do not need to see a  judge on our bench who is trying to limit people's participation in our  democracy as we are trying to protect their access to voting.   It is no secret the Trump administration has been chipping away at  women's healthcare and constitutional rights by using every tool at  their disposal. I am especially troubled that the President is intent  on nominating judges, such as this one, who do not respect the settled  law of Roe v. Wade.   The administration is making every attempt to roll back these  important privacy laws. Kyle Duncan, the nominee we are considering,  has spent decades doing the same. That is the reason I oppose his  confirmation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I hope they will  follow in making sure we protect these important rights.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   