 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and my classmate, Mr.  Green, for his distinguished service here in the House. He is retiring,  and I want to salute him.   I also want to salute my partner in this effort, Mr. Lance from New  Jersey. He is going to be missed at the committee and missed in the  House. I think he has always been value added to the Congress, and we  all wish him well.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan legislation. The  shorthand for it is the PREEMIE Act. It is legislation that I  introduced with Congressman Lance to expand research, education, and  the prevention of preterm birth.   Preterm birth, or birth before 37 weeks of pregnancy, is the leading  cause of newborn mortality and the second leading cause of infant  mortality in our country. In 2016, over 388,000 infants were born too  early; and, every year, over 20,000 babies in the United States will  die before their first birthday, many of them from complications of  preterm birth.   In addition to being the leading cause of newborn death, premature  birth can cause a lifetime of health challenges and intellectual  disabilities for children who survive.   In addition to the emotional and physical toll of prematurity, there  are significant healthcare costs to families, medical systems, and our  overall economy. A report by the Institute of Medicine found the cost  associated with preterm birth in the United States was $26.2 billion  annually--that is a staggering amount of money--or $51,600 per infant  born preterm. While employers, private insurers, and individuals bear  about half the costs of healthcare for these infants, 40 percent of  this amount is paid for by Medicaid.   Moms and babies face higher risks than ever before. After the  statistics decreasing for over a decade, which is exactly what we  wanted them to do, for the third year in a row now the preterm birth  rate in our country has worsened, so the passing of this legislation  has come at the right time.   I am proud of the work that we have done on this Reauthorization Act  and that it is going to head to the President for his signature, and I  am proud to have authored the original PREEMIE Act with Congressman  Fred Upton in 2006.   This updated reauthorization builds on the important investments that  have been made, and we add to them. I think that is the most important  thing to say.   With the incidence of preterm birth increasing across the United  States, we need to do everything that we can for the mothers and for  the newborns so that we improve the outcomes for them because it is  their lives.   The PREEMIE Act did pass the Senate unanimously on September 12, and  I have every confidence that the House is going to double the record.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me and, again, pay  tribute to him for his exceptional service here in the House.   