 Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment.    Mr. Chairman, make no mistake: the authorization in  section 1225 of the underlying bill authorizes our U.S. military to go  to war with Iran.   One of the main reasons why I voted against this bill in committee  was specifically because of this provision that authorizes the  Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to ``develop and  implement a strategy with foreign partners to counter the destabilizing  activities of Iran.''   The provision does not define what destabilizing activities they want  our troops and taxpayer dollars to counter. It does not define a clear  objective or end state for our troops to achieve.   In addition, this provision shuts the American people out from this  decision entirely by circumventing Congress' constitutional  responsibility to declare war and giving unilateral power and unending  authorization to counter Iran to this and future administrations  without defining in any way, shape, or form what the objective really  is.   It sidelines Congress and the American people entirely, with the only  requirement being that the administration report to Congress after  their plan is being implemented and only for the next 4 years, while  the authorization for war has no expiration date.   It gives after-the-fact license for what is already happening in the  Middle East. Since 2015, without express congressional authorization,  U.S. troops have been providing direct military support to Saudi Arabia  and Yemen through information sharing, logistical support, and  refueling Saudi warplanes which have dropped U.S.-made bombs on Yemeni  civilians.   The most recent attack was on a Yemeni wedding party, with 2 rounds  of bombing killing more than 20 people and wounding dozens of others.   This Saudi-led interventionist war has created one of the worst  humanitarian disasters in history, worsening a situation that has led  to mass starvation, cholera outbreaks, devastation, thousands of  civilian deaths, and tens of thousands of injuries.   This provision gives total authority to the administration to keep  U.S. troops in Syria or any other country in the Middle East as long as  they deem necessary--an intention clearly stated by members of this  administration.   To name a few examples, U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said last month  that U.S. troops would stay in Syria indefinitely until their goals are  accomplished--namely, to counter Iran.   National Security Advisor John Bolton said in a 2015 op-ed entitled  ``To Stop Iran's Bomb, Bomb Iran'' that ``the United States could do a  thorough job of destruction, but Israel alone can do what is necessary.  Such action should be combined with vigorous American support for  Iran's opposition, aimed at regime change in Tehran.''   Secretary of State Mike Pompeo recently advocated that the U.S. will  ``crush'' Iran with economic and military pressure unless it changes  its behavior in the Middle East.   So it is clear that, if left unchecked, war hawks in the Trump  administration will drag our country into more Middle East wars,  leaving destruction in its wake around the world and here at home.   Trillions of taxpayer dollars have already been spent on these  regime-change wars in the Middle East since 9/11. Rather than dumping  more taxpayer dollars in these wars, as this provision authorizes, we  should instead be investing in rebuilding our community right here at  home.   For too long, the U.S. has engaged in military adventurism and  interventionist wars, sending our troops overseas with no clear  objective or end state. Countering Iran is not an end state that our  military or diplomats can achieve. Without a clear objective, you end  up in endless war.   So what is the objective of this authorization for war? Is it regime  change in Iran? Regime change in Syria? More war against Iran and  Syria? Yemen?   I strongly urge my colleagues to consider the serious consequences of  section 1225 being enacted, because it would authorize any or all of  these.   It is Congress' responsibility and constitutional role to declare  war. The American people have a right to real  [[Page H4559]]  debate on such a declaration. I urge my colleagues to support the  passage of my amendment to uphold this responsibility.   Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Khanna).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   