 Mr. Speaker, today I am very  pleased to support H.R. 5906, the ARPA-E Act of 2018.   Even though the agency is still relatively young, ARPA-E has already  demonstrated incredible success in advancing high-risk, high-reward  energy technology solutions that neither the public nor the private  sector had been willing or able to support in the past. This was  highlighted in a Congressionally mandated National Academies review of  the agency released last year. Industry leaders like Norm Augustine and  Bill Gates have repeatedly called for tripling this agency's budget  given the unique role that it is now playing in our energy innovation  pipeline.   ARPA-E's impressive track record includes over $2.6 billion in  private sector follow-on funding for a group of 136 ARPA-E projects  since the agency's founding in 2009. Equally notable, 71 projects have  formed new companies and 109 projects have shown enough promise to  result in partnerships with other government agencies for further  development.  [[Page H5781]]  And I'd be remiss if I didn't refer my colleagues to DOE Secretary  Perry's address to the ARPA-E Energy Innovation Summit in March, where  he said, and I quote, ``ARPA-E is one of the reasons DOE has had and is  having such a profound impact on American lives.'' I couldn't have said  this better myself.   The ARPA-E Act of 2018 maintains the structure and nimbleness of this  critical agency while also enabling it to help tackle one of the  Department of Energy's most expensive, intransigent problems, which is  managing and remediating the legacy waste sites from our nation's past  production of nuclear weapons. The bill also includes language from the  bipartisan ARPA-E Reauthorization Act that I introduced last year which  would ensure that sensitive business information collected by the  agency remains protected. This will enable even greater private sector  engagement in future ARPA-E projects and programs.   I would like to thank Mr. Lucas and Chairman Smith for working with  me to introduce this bill, and I hope that all Members will support  this critical investment in our nation's clean energy future.   