 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, just weeks after making it harder to stop  discrimination in mortgage lending, the Senate is now on the verge of  voting to make it harder to stop discrimination in auto lending.   About 40 years ago, Congress passed the important civil rights law  called the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. That law said companies  couldn't discriminate when offering a loan. It was a simple idea: Loan  terms should be based on creditworthiness, not on the color of  someone's skin.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is one of the Federal  agencies responsible for enforcing that 40-year-old law. The CFPB found  out that when auto dealers were helping customers get financing for a  car loan, minority customers were often given worse loans than their  White counterparts. The underlying reason was something called a dealer  reserve, where the lenders providing the financing for a car loan gave  the dealer discretion to mark up the interest rate on the loan and the  dealer could keep some of the additional profit from the markup. The  problem was the growing evidence that dealers marked up loans higher  for minorities than for Whites with similar credit profiles.   In 2013, the CFPB issued guidance to these lenders about how they  could make sure they were complying with the Equal Credit Opportunity  Act. They could institute more rigorous oversight of their auto  financing process to get rid of these discriminatory practices or they  could stop using the dealer reserves that facilitated these  discriminatory practices and just pay dealers a flat fee per loan  instead.   After issuing the guidance, the CFPB found that a few auto lenders  were not following the guidance. It entered into settlements with Fifth  Third and the financing arms of both Honda and Toyota. These  settlements returned millions of dollars to people who had been charged  more for car loans simply based on the color of their skin.  [[Page S2194]]    A lot of auto dealers and auto lenders don't like the CFPB's  guidance, which brings us to today, when the Senate is about to vote on  reversing this guidance and prohibiting the CFPB from ever issuing  similar guidance again.   This is part of the broader Republican attack on the efforts to fight  economic discrimination. House Republicans have passed multiple bills  that would make it harder to enforce fair lending laws. Since assuming  control of the CFPB, Mick Mulvaney has taken steps to undermine the  agency's Office of Fair Lending.   The vote today is also a troubling followup to the recent bank  deregulation bill that just passed the Senate. That bill reduced data  reporting requirements for 85 percent of the banks in this country,  making it harder for Federal agencies to monitor mortgage lending,  uncover discrimination, and enforce the law. Now the Senate is  considering rolling back guidance that explains how lenders can avoid  discrimination when providing auto loans.   Let's be clear. Discrimination in auto lending is alive and well. The  National Fair Housing Alliance recently sent two people--one White, one  non-White--to eight car dealerships in Virginia. Even though the non- White person had better credit than the White person in each instance,  the non-White person ended up with a more expensive loan half of the  time. Think about that--better credit and paid more for the loan. In  fact, in those cases, the non-White person would have paid $2,500 more  over the life of their loan than the White person with worse credit.   The last thing we should be doing is making it harder to crack down  on that kind of discrimination. As a wide array of civil rights and  consumer groups recently wrote, ``Discrimination in auto lending  continues to extract billions of dollars a year in extra loan payments  from borrowers of color; Congress should be taking action to end this  injustice, not interfering with efforts to enforce fair lending laws.''   A vote in favor of the resolution today is a vote to support the  Trump administration's systemic dismantling of fair lending laws in  this country. It is a vote in favor of Mick Mulvaney's efforts to leash  up the CFPB's Office of Fair Lending. It is a vote in favor of allowing  some auto lenders and dealers to continue to charge African Americans  and Latinos hundreds and thousands more just because of their race.   I urge all of my colleagues to oppose this resolution.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   