 Mr. Speaker, mothers and fathers who sought a safe haven  for their children watched helplessly as their children were being  snatched away from them by our government.   These families were fleeing unimaginable violence. They had no idea  where their infants were being taken. They had no idea the treatment  they would receive. These parents, in many instances, still have no  idea where their children are located or how to communicate with them.   The Trump administration established no formal process to return  these children. I am terrified at the thought that these parents may  never see their children again. If the parents are deported and their  children are sent all over this country, how will the parents find  their children?   Just imagine the mother from El Salvador who is deported back to El  Salvador, who came here dirt-poor to begin with. She gets deported back  to El Salvador. Her child is sent off to New York. How is she ever  supposed to find that child again?   It appears that the only real plan was to separate families as a  deterrent to legal immigration. Coming to America should not mean  permanently losing your child, especially if you came to America and it  was not illegal. If you came in search of asylum, that is not illegal  immigration.   The zero-tolerance policy will have a lasting effect. Pediatricians  and health experts agree that child-parent separation will result in  neurological damage. I will tell you that I have received numerous  phone calls from experts, pediatricians, social workers, and child  welfare workers.   The other night, I even received a very long email from a distraught  internationally known psychologist, Dr. Phil McGraw. He shared with me  his concerns about the impact child-parent separation will have on  children. He highlighted that, when children are torn away from their  parents and raised in institutions without a stable caregiver, it  disrupts the formation of attachments, that children become anxious and  fearful, and that this can last for years, if not a lifetime. Dr. Phil  also expressed how this impacts a child's brain development, which can  lead to negative health and well-being outcomes.   We did this, and now we must undo this. If our government did this  policy of separating children from parents, then it should be our  government's responsibility to reunite those parents with those  children, whether they remain here in the United States or, especially,  if they are deported.   This proceeded without a plan, without foresight, and without a  second glance at the law or what we stand for as a nation. This is  chaos. That is why I am calling for a vote on my bill, H.R. 6236,  Family Unity Rights and Protection Act, to require the Federal  Government to reunite the parents with the children, to establish a  database of children separated from families, and to make sure that  parental rights aren't terminated.   We are told that parents can communicate with their children, but let  me ask you how a parent in Los Angeles would communicate with a child  who is 6 months old in another State.    Mr. Speaker, my bill also requires a report outlining the  short- and long-term effects on these families and proposed solutions.   As it is, our foster care system is already overrun with over 400,000  children. We know that these kids are in detention right now, but  ultimately they will wind up in foster care. Because of the opioid  crisis, we don't have enough foster homes for kids who actually need to  be in care.   The long-term neurological effects that I describe even apply to  children who should be removed from home because their parents have  either abused or neglected them. So even when the children should be  separated, that separation causes tremendous harm.    Mr. Speaker, if that is what happens to children who should  be removed from home, we must call for an end to State-sponsored child  abuse, because that is what this policy is. This is our Federal  Government that is abusing children.   That is why I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on ordering the  previous question.   