 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the DREAMers issue, DACA recipients, is very personal  for me. My district is 70 percent Latino, and I have an estimated 8,000  DACA recipients. I also have a cousin who is a recipient of DACA.   It is heartbreaking to hear the stories of recipients who are living  in uncertainty, living in fear, and who tell you firsthand of the sense  of urgency that they feel. It is a sense of urgency that, frankly, I  don't feel is happening here in Congress.   Now, I will talk to my colleagues across the aisle, and they will  tell me: ``I support a solution. I want to do something to help DACA  recipients.'' But we can't get a vote. The leadership will not give us  a vote on the Dream Act. They won't give us a vote on any legislation  that involves DACA.   Just today, we had White House Chief of Staff Kelly come in to meet  [[Page H458]]  with members of the Hispanic Caucus to talk about this issue. We  continue to hear that the President is committed to finding a fix, yet  he is using DACA recipients as a political pawn, a political pawn to  get a wall that he said Mexico would pay for.   Frankly, as a member of the Homeland Security Committee, I know that  putting money into a wall is not the best use of our dollars.   This issue is urgent; it is real. These are people's lives. They are  doctors, they are nurses, and they are teachers.   In my very district, I have a DACA recipient named Roque Pech. He was  my guest for the State of the Union last year, somebody who is now  teaching our children, somebody who is giving back to our community.   DACA recipients are good folks. They are our neighbors. They are our  friends. They are our family members. There is overwhelming support, on  a bipartisan basis, to give them the protections that they need and  deserve. Members of our military who are serving are also DACA  recipients.   I urge us all to come together to find a solution, so that we can  deliver on providing the protections that DACA recipients so urgently  need and so urgently want, and stop making this a political football so  that we can also move on to other issues.   