 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Hawaii for the  time.   I rise today as well in support of H.R. 2504, a bill that will end  the practice of duplicative export inspections for sea urchin and sea  cucumbers that are being shipped overseas.   This is the second time that the House has considered this  legislation in recent years. I want to thank Chairman Bishop;  Subcommittee Chairman Lamborn; Ranking Member Grijalva; and my good  friend from California, Ranking Member Huffman, for their support in  bringing this bill again to the floor today.   I also want to thank my colleague from Arizona (Mr. Gosar) for being  here to speak in favor of this bill today.   Also, in the bipartisan effort that we are making here today, I want  to recognize and thank my colleague from Maine (Mr. Poliquin), who well  knows the importance of this issue and who has been an original  cosponsor of this bill, both in this Congress and the last.   I think it is important to explain to the Members who are here today  a little bit about why this bill is important and especially critical  to our Nation's sea urchin industry.   As a few Members may know, but most probably don't, the sea urchin  industry in Maine brings in over $5.4 million to our State every year.  It supports 600 jobs, which includes harvesters of the species. Also,  we have businesses in Maine which process the urchins harvested here,  as well as those imported from Canada and Chile, before being exported  overseas.   The need for this bill revolves around ending a duplicative  inspection of exported product that is unnecessary and costly. Urchins  imported to Maine from other countries to be processed are inspected by  the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service when they get to the United States.  This scrutiny is necessary to ensure the integrity of the imported  products.   However, in recent years, the Fish and Wildlife Service has inspected  products once again before leaving the country, usually in New York or  New Jersey. This occurs before they are shipped to Asia and Japan, in  particular, where they are considered a delicacy.   I have spent the past few years working with my colleagues in the  Maine delegation to better understand the impact of this policy on  small businesses in our State and others where the urchins are  harvested. I believe these extra inspections are unnecessary. There is  really no reason why sea urchins should be treated differently than  shellfish, which have been exempted from these export inspections for  decades.   This process often leads to costly delays and lost product, as  urchins may end up sitting in hot warehouses waiting for days. At  times, the Fish and Wildlife office closes right when a shipment  arrives for inspection. The highly perishable product must then sit  there because of bad timing.   The Fish and Wildlife Service has worked with my office to try to  find solutions, and I know they have tried to work with us on  particular problems and trouble spots. But the continual delays,  despite their best efforts and that of harvesters, means that the only  real solution is to get rid of this duplicative inspection. Again, that  is what this bill will do.   This bill is a commonsense solution that will take away an  unnecessary inspection, while ensuring that the Fish and Wildlife  Service can continue to do their work and their jobs on other important  issues affecting our coast and coastal communities.   It will put our sea urchin and sea cucumber businesses on equal  footing with their partners in the shellfish industry who do not have  this extra scrutiny. It will help the hardworking men and women who  harvest and process in this fishery to dedicate their time and efforts  to that fishery, not to the bureaucracy.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, as we did in the  past Congress.   