 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 36, H.R. 1301;  that the amendment at the desk, providing for continuing appropriations  for pay and death benefits for members of the Armed Services, be  considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read  a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   The Senator from Texas.    I object to the modification.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   Is there objection to the original request?    Mr. President, as we enter day 2 of the Trump  shutdown, I am here on the floor again imploring my colleagues to take  action right now on something we can all agree on--that we ensure this  shutdown and the partisan gridlock do not harm the troops who are in  harm's way right now, holding the line, defending our Nation. We all  agree they have enough to worry about without having to worry if their  paycheck will come in on time this month.   We need to take immediate action to pass the Pay Our Military Act to  eliminate any threat of our military personnel not being paid or, even  worse, our military families not receiving death benefits when their  loved one has made that last full measure of devotion for this country.   We have work to do. We have to do better by our constituents and this  great Nation. But in the meantime, let's at least take this simple,  commonsense step that we all agree on.  [[Page S409]]  Let's remove any possibility that military pay and, even worse,  military death benefits will be used and held hostage as political  leverage. That would be unconscionable. Let's take this off the table  right now.   The reality is that quickly passing the Pay Our Military Act is the  least we can do. We must continue working for as long as it takes to  develop and pass a bipartisan solution to fund our government. However,  if acting now to ensure military pay and death benefits continue during  this shutdown brings relief to even just one military family, that  would be worth it. If it prevents just one survivor from experiencing  even more pain and hardship as they struggle with the utter grief of  losing a loved one killed in action while defending our great Nation,  then it will be worth it.   The time to act is now. This should not be a partisan issue. Every  Member of Congress supports paying our military personnel and ensuring  that military death benefits are not delayed, so why delay now? There  is no good reason.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.   