 Mr. President, I rise today to thank my colleague  Senator Flake for his words and to join with him in standing up for the  First Amendment.   When I was at home over the last recess, I read Senator Flake's book,  and one of the many things I took away from that book, which I thought  was quite an amazing book, was the fact that when he was growing up,  his family had a 3-by-5 card on their refrigerator. They looked at it  every day, and it said: ``Assume the best and look for the good.''   The way he has articulately talked about our Constitution today, he  is assuming the best, as we all should do, about the citizens of this  country and that they will look at this document and care about this  document and understand why the First Amendment is so important to our  freedom.   For me, this started at home. My dad was a reporter his entire life.  He went from a hardscrabble mining town in Ely, MN, to go to a 2-year  community college, and then got a journalism degree at the University  of Minnesota. He got his first job at the Bismarck paper in North  Dakota. He served during the Korean war and finally ended up at the  Star Tribune in Minneapolis.   He went from that mining town and saw the world. He got to interview  everyone from Ronald Reagan to the Chicago Bears coach, Mike Ditka, to  Ginger Rogers. But through it all, he saw his mission as a mission of  searching for the truth, whether it was standing outside of political  conventions through tear gas or whether it was calling the election in  1960, when he was with the AP, for John F. Kennedy.   The world has changed since my dad was a journalist, but the role of  journalism hasn't changed in any way. We need the protection of the  First Amendment now more than ever. As Senator Flake has pointed out,  it was Thomas Jefferson and our Founding Fathers who saw the importance  of journalism and the importance of the First Amendment. Thomas  Jefferson once wrote that our first objective should be to leave open  ``all avenues to truth,'' and the most effective way of doing that is  through the freedom of the press.   While the most extreme forms of anti-press behavior have happened  abroad, as pointed out by Senator Flake--with journalists being  murdered, being put in fear of their very lives and their families'  lives--there has been a growing aggression toward journalists in our  own country.   During the campaign, then-Candidate Trump mocked a disabled reporter.  During his Presidency, he has referred to journalists as dishonest, as  disgusting, as scum. During President Trump's first month in office,  his administration coined the phrase ``alternative facts,'' attempting  to undermine the fact-checking efforts of reporters. That same week,  another senior White House official said that the press should ``keep  its mouth shut.''   The President has taken to Twitter countless times to attack news  organizations and to discredit specific journalists. He has threatened  to challenge the licenses of specific news networks and these networks  that ran negative stories. There are even reports that the  administration is using anti-trust enforcement authority as leverage to  secure positive media coverage.   Just last week, the President suggested weakening the very laws that  protect journalists. He threatened to open up our libel laws so that he  could sue the media for writing negative or unfavorable stories. This  is unacceptable. This is unacceptable because we are a beacon for the  freedoms across the world, but it is also unacceptable here at home.   So what can we do about it? We can make sure that this  administration's views, first of all, are not carried through into the  actions of the Department of Justice. We must ensure that the  Department continues to follow the guidelines that have been in place  for a number of years to protect journalists, even if those journalists  criticize the government and even if they uncover facts that are  uncomfortable for the government.   During his time in office, Attorney General Eric Holder committed not  to put reporters in jail for doing their jobs. He also strengthened the  Justice Department protections for journalists and their sources. The  loophole was closed that allowed the government to get around bans on  search warrants for reporting material. They tightened guidelines that  are used to issue subpoenas that would require journalists to disclose  their confidential sources. They understood the roles these guidelines  play in our democracy. Attorney General Holder said they strike an  appropriate balance between law enforcement's need to protect the  American people and the news media's role in ensuring the free flow of  information.   Over the last year, during Judiciary hearings, I asked Attorney  General Sessions twice if he would commit to protecting journalists  from being jailed for doing their jobs. It was a simple question. He  wouldn't. Both times he would not commit, and he said he had to review  the rules. Well, it has been nearly a year, and there has been enough  time to review the rules. I still have not received an answer to my  question. I think we would all agree that after almost a year as leader  of the Justice Department, it is past time he made this commitment.   Let me be clear. The President doesn't have the legal authority to  undercut our libel laws. No matter what he says, our courts still  uphold the safeguards and must uphold the safeguards we place on the  press's freedom.   In New York Times v. Sullivan, the landmark Supreme Court decision is  crystal clear in its protections of journalists who cover public  officials. The standard for libel is well established. It is not  subject to the whims of the politics on any given day.  [[Page S218]]    While Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch and I do not agree on much,  I questioned him on this landmark decision, and he agreed that the  precedent is clear on First Amendment protections for journalists. The  American people deserve the truth, and we rely on journalists to keep  digging for it. That is something to celebrate, not to undermine.   Standing up for freedom--even one as fundamental as the freedom of  the press--isn't always easy, but it is vitally important. The future  of our democracy depends on the ability of journalists to do their  jobs. We must uphold this freedom every single day.   With all of this in mind, I thank Senator Flake for his very  important remarks, and I urge this Chamber to do everything we can to  live up to Jefferson's words and to protect this essential avenue to  truth.   I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The assistant Democratic leader.   