 Mr. Chairman, I came to  Congress to solve problems and create economic opportunities for New  Mexico, which is still struggling with one of the highest unemployment  and poverty rates in the Nation.   Now, we had a chance in this farm bill to do just that, and I have  worked for years on an array of bipartisan initiatives in this bill,  including creating a first-ever broadband grant program to increase  internet access in rural communities; expediting the adoption of  innovative conservation and water management technologies; and finally  banning the heinous practice of lunch shaming.   Unfortunately, the bill the majority brought to the floor today not  only jeopardizes all of that bipartisan work, it also includes  provisions that will cause so much pain to so many people in my State.   This bill creates new restrictions on SNAP eligibility and a massive  unfunded mandate on State bureaucracies which will further destabilize  an already broken SNAP system in New Mexico.   I have spent years working to hold my State accountable for their  mismanagement of SNAP and for illegally denying thousands of  individuals their benefits. Under this bill, those mistakes will become  much more common. Millions of Americans will be needlessly kicked off  SNAP, and more children and families will go hungry.   Mr. Chairman, it may be politically expedient to bring this partisan  bill to the floor that destroys SNAP as we know it, but passing a  partisan bill that will undoubtedly die in the Senate does nothing for  the Americans who wait for Congress to do their jobs.   This bill is the perfect reflection of what is wrong with Washington:  that politics will always take priority over progress. I urge my  colleagues to recommit to the bipartisan collaborative work that is  desperately needed by farms, ranchers, and vulnerable Americans in  every single one of our districts. This is the only way we will pass a  farm bill and fulfill our commitment to the constituents we have a duty  to serve.   