 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Harris) for leading this Special Order tonight and for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the life-affirming and  lifesaving work done across the country by pro-life pregnancy centers.   I have the privilege of representing the New Hope Pregnancy  Compassion Care Center in Yadkinville, North Carolina; and I am proud  to share the testimony of a young woman who perfectly encapsulates what  these care centers do.   She writes: ``The day I found out I was pregnant, I was very upset  and didn't know what to do. I had so many different emotions and knew  that it was going to be very hard, especially with me still being in  college. I didn't know how I was going to tell my parents, my family,  or my church. After having two positive pregnancy tests, I decided to  go to Compassion Care Center. This was one of the best decisions I  could have ever made.   ``When I got there, I took another pregnancy test and it was  positive. After that, I ended up having an ultrasound. After I seen my  little baby on the ultrasound, I was lost for words. I had so many  emotions and felt like I had no one. After my ultrasound, I ended up  talking to a staff person about life and about this new baby. I told  her how scared I was to tell my parents and how bad of a person I felt  because of this. Even though this baby was not planned by me, God had  planned it for me. She explained to me that even though I was still in  college and still living at home, that she knew that I could do this  and get through this. After we talked for a while about my life, the  new baby, and religion, we prayed together.    ``I ended up going home after that and telling my parents. It was  very hard for them to cope with at first, but eventually they accepted  it. I started going back to Compassion Care every week after that to  take classes that offered videos about pregnancy and babies. Watching  those videos helped me so much because it was a lot of new information  that I did not know.   ``I earned points every time that I came to watch these videos by  watching them and doing homework sheets. The points I earned I could  use to buy stuff in the store. The store had many different items that  I could get. I got maternity clothes, baby clothes, diapers, wipes, and  toys. These items helped me tremendously.   ``Without Compassion Care offering these classes and items, I  wouldn't have known what to do. I have learned so much stuff that I  didn't know before and they have given me the best support. I  absolutely love everyone there and appreciate everything that they have  done for me. I just recently had my daughter, and she has become my  entire life.   ``I know one thing, though, if I would have not been involved with  Compassion Care Center, I would not have been able to do this. They  were a lifesaver and I cannot express enough how thankful I am that  they were there for me every step of the way.''   