 Mr. President, I want to start by thanking my colleague  from Rhode Island for both his powerful analysis of the influence of  money on the selection of our judicial nominees and also for his point  about the blue slip and the implications of what this means for an  independent judiciary.   He has been a strong voice on this for a long time, and I think his  speech on it was extraordinary and something that I hope everyone  listens to and pays attention to.   We are facing an unprecedented attack on our courts. This week, once  again, Senator McConnell has scheduled confirmation votes on a slate of  extremist judicial court nominees--nominees who have demonstrated that  they are not committed to the principles of equal justice under law. In  this administration, Senate Republicans have been working at breakneck  speed to jam our courts with pro-corporate, narrowminded elitists who  will tilt the scales of justice in favor of the rich and powerful and  against everyone else. They are willing to bend and break and change  every rule in the book to do it.   Their latest strategy is to ignore the blue slip. For over a century,  home-State Senators have played a critical role in the judicial  confirmation process by using something called a blue slip to determine  whether a judicial nomination should move forward. The Senate Judiciary  Committee has historically refused to move forward on a nomination  without a blue slip from both home-State Senators. In fact, during the  Obama administration, Senate Republicans insisted on maintaining that  rule, refusing to move forward on any judicial nominee who did not  secure blue slips from both home State Senators. They even stretched  the rule beyond all reasonable bounds to stop fairminded, mainstream  nominees from being confirmed. But now that Donald Trump is in the  White House, Republicans have changed their tune. In order to force  extremist nominees onto our courts, they are willing to toss the blue  slip right out the window.   Michael Brennan, President Trump's nominee to serve on the Seventh  Circuit Court of Appeals, is just the latest example. Even though Mr.  Brennan did not receive a blue slip from both home-State Senators,  Senate Republicans moved forward on his nomination. Perhaps the  ultimate irony is that when President Obama nominated another candidate  to fill this very same seat, Mr. Brennan penned a strong defense of  Senator Johnson's decision to withhold his blue slip. Now that the shoe  is on the other foot, those principles have magically disappeared.   Let's be clear here. There are plenty of reasons for any Senator to  be concerned about Mr. Brennan's fitness to serve on the Federal bench.  I will just mention a few.   Mr. Brennan has mocked millions of hard-working women who have faced  sexism and obstacles to advancement.   He has dismissed the idea of a glass ceiling.   Mr. Brennan has defended a Wisconsin law that added unnecessary  barriers to women who were seeking access to abortion, even in the case  of rape or incest.   Mr. Brennan supports criminal sentencing policies that slap low-level  offenders with long jail sentences and exacerbate the problem of mass  incarceration in America.   And it gets worse. Mr. Brennan believes that it is A-OK for judges to  refuse to follow binding court precedent when the judge just thinks it  is incorrect. Now, that is extreme.   But Senate Republicans have shown that they just don't care. They are  willing to do whatever it takes to hand over our courts to moneyed  interests.   