 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am thrilled to be able to join my sisters on Team  Congress for the 10th annual Congressional Women's Softball Game  tonight. Many of you know that our game started in 2009, after our  former colleague, Congresswoman Jo Ann Emerson, and I came together and  hatched a plan that--unlike the men, whom we love and respect and cheer  on in the baseball game--women, being the more collegial sex, would  come together and play on a bipartisan team against the common enemy:  the press corps.   Those of you who were here will remember that we lost our minds in  the first year and actually thought that we might be able to take on  our political staff at the DNC, the RNC, the NRCC, the DCCC, and other  assorted alphabet political organizations, and it didn't go so well. So  the next year, we thought better of it and came together to take on the  press corps.   Through those years, we have had a hearty record where the Members  have won three of the nine contests that we have engaged in. But most  importantly, we have always played for the Young Survival Coalition to  raise awareness and put a spotlight on the millions of young women who  are under 40 years old who are diagnosed with breast cancer every year.   Many of you know that I am a breast cancer survivor now of 10 years.  I am very thrilled to be able to stand in front of you. Back then, I  told you that I was so fearful of not being able to see the special  events in my children's lives: their bar and bat mitzvahs, their high  school graduations. I have been to all three of their bar and bat  mitzvahs, two high school graduations, and one more to go in a few  years.  [[Page H5346]]    We want to make sure that young women all across this country pay  attention to their breast health and know what is normal for them so  they know when something feels different.   I am proud to tell you that, this year, we will have reached a  milestone where we have raised $1.4 million for the Young Survival  Coalition.   So, my sisters, come out and join us tonight at the Watkins  Recreation Center, 420 Twelfth Street SE, at 7 p.m.   