 Mr. Speaker, this bill imposes dangerous new standards  of care on doctors under threat of criminal penalties, including up to  5 years in jail. It is just another attempt by the majority to  interfere with the medical judgment of doctors and other trained  healthcare professionals, and it is, frankly, another example of why it  is such a very, very bad idea for Congress to be legislating medical  standards.   H.R. 4712 is also a solution in search of a problem. There is simply  no evidence that current law is insufficient to protect infants.   It should go without saying that it has always been illegal to kill  newborns. It is a complete distortion of the truth to say anything  otherwise.   In 2002, as my colleagues have said, Congress reaffirmed that infants  are entitled to appropriate medical care under a law that passed on a  bipartisan basis. I voted for it. That law left medical judgment where  it should be: in the hands of doctors, instead of politicians.   Today, the only example that we have heard from the other side of a  horror that they are talking about was Dr. Kermit Gosnell, and it was a  horror.   And guess what?   He was prosecuted under current law.   And guess what?   He is spending the rest of his life in prison, which is where he  should be.   Sadly, the true intent of this bill is to intimidate and shame  doctors out of providing comprehensive reproductive healthcare to  patients.   The extreme and vague requirements of this bill, coupled with its  stiff criminal and civil penalties, are only meant to have a chilling  effect on providers, which will reduce access to safe and legal  abortion.   Do you know what? I have been saying this every time we have one of  these bills on the floor--the bills that are solutions in search of  problems. Here is what I have to say, Mr. Speaker, to my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle: If they truly want to reduce abortion in  this country, work with us on providing family planning and long-acting  birth control to everybody.    Abortion is at the lowest rate in history in this country, and the  reason is because States, like my State of Colorado, are providing  birth control to prevent unwanted pregnancies. We can do this on a  bipartisan basis, but, instead, my colleagues choose not to, and I  think that is a shame for every single woman and family in this  country.   