 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the First Step Act. For  40 years, our failure to adequately reform our criminal justice system  has resulted in punitive mandatory minimum sentences and mass  incarceration. African Americans, Latinos, and Native Americans have  borne the brunt of this legacy.    Between 1980 and 2014, there was a 700 percent increase in the number  of women in custody. This was nearly twice the rate of male  imprisonment. Women are often held for nonviolent, low level drug  offenses. Unfortunately, these women are entering a male-centered penal  system that is not designed to meet their physical or mental health  needs. What is needed is criminal justice reform that understands that  women in the system have unique needs.   This is the first step toward addressing the needs of women.  Improving the health outcomes of pregnant women who are in custody is  in the First Step Act. My language would restrict the use of restraints  on pregnant women, which increases the risk of complications during  childbirth. Some of the stories shared by women who were restrained  during pregnancy are horrific.   One woman was shackled in labor and dislocated her hip. She  experienced  [[Page H10365]]  stomach muscle tears and an umbilical hernia. She was left with  permanent deformities and pain. Another woman tripped over her  shackles, fell to the ground, and miscarried at 20 weeks. The idea that  a woman needs to be shackled at the end of her pregnancy or in labor  and delivery as though she is going to escape while delivering a child  is ridiculous, brutal, and, in my opinion, a human rights abuse.   One mother recounted being shackled after having an emergency  caesarean section. She stated: ``With the weight [from the shackles] on  my stomach, it felt like they were ripping open my C-section.''   Mr. Speaker, do we have no shame? This egregious abuse of human  rights in Federal prisons must end. I hope Congress continues to  address this issue. In the 116th Congress, we will continue to move the  needle forward by developing comprehensive criminal justice reform that  specifically looks at the needs of women in the system.   I thank the Members who supported this legislation, and I thank  Representative Jeffries, Representative Sheila Jackson Lee,  Representative Collins, and Representative Nadler for introducing and  passing the First Step Act.   