 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 449,  the Synthetic Drug Awareness Act of 2017, which requires the Surgeon  General to report to Congress on the public health effects of the in  reased use since January 2010 by individuals who are 12 to 18 years old  of drugs developed and manufactured to avoid control under the  Controlled Substances Act.   The term ``synthetic drug'' means a drug which is developed and  manufactured to avoid control under the Controlled Substances Act.   There are more than 200 identified synthetic drug compounds and more  than 90 different synthetic drug marijuana compounds.   Many of these synthetic drugs are made in foreign countries and then  smuggled into the United States.   These clandestinely-made drugs have no manufacturing safety standards  that are normally required by the Food and Drug Administration.   Synthetic opioids have surpassed prescription opioids as the most  common drug class involved in overdose deaths in the United States.   According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, fentanyl-related  deaths nationwide are up from previous years by 73 percent.   Fentanyl, a synthetic opioid created using man-made chemical  components rather than naturally occurring ingredients, is 50-100 times  more potent than morphine.   Overall, drug overdose deaths involving fentanyl-type drugs in th  United States rose from about 3,000 in 2010 to more than 19,400 in  2016.   The rate of teen drug overdose deaths in the United States climbed 19  percent from 2014 to 2015, from 3.1 deaths per 100,000 teens to 3.7 per  100,000.   The number of American teens to die of a drug overdose leapt by  almost a fifth in 2015 after seven years of decline.   The opioid epidemic claimed more than 52,000 lives in 2015.   In Texas, Synthetic opioids account for almost one-fifth of drug  related overdoses.   In 2016, there were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths in Texas  specifically, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse.   Last year, 364 drug-related overdose deaths happened in Houston.   Synthetic marijuana, methamphetamine, cocaine, and heroin top the  list of drug-related problems in the Houston area.   Geographically, death rates from overdoses involving synthetic  opioids increased in 21 states, with 10 states doubling their rates  from 2016-2017.   No area of the United States is exempt from this epidemic--we all  know a friend, family member or loved one devastated by opioids.   H.R. 449 is a positive step in the right direction, I urge my  colleagues to vote yes on H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug Awareness Act of  2017.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4684,  the Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act of 2018.   Opioid abuse has become a public health crisis with devastating  consequences, including; overdoses, rising incidence of neonatal  abstinence syndrome, homelessness, and unemployment.   H.R. 4684 ensures that the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service  Administration has the resources to provide the best practices for  operating recovery houses and to distribute the information to states,  and to provide technical assistance to states seeking to adopt such  practices.   It is undeniable that, to ensure their path to recovery, victims of  substance abuse are in need of proper recovery housing that is free  from alcohol and drug use.   People suffering from addiction are in dire need of healthy living  environments to ensure a successful transition.   Recovering addicts coming from an environment that does not provide  the proper assistance, face many challenges and problems when they  later reenter society.   Every day, over 115 Americans die after overdosing on opioids, with  more than 64,000 deaths reported in the year 2016.   In 2015, 2,588 opioid overdose related deaths were reported in my  home state of Texas with Harris County accounting for 318 of those  deaths.   It has been reported that 91 percent of victims in recovery will  experience a relapse, 59 percent of those will experience a relapse  within the first two weeks of sobriety, and 80 percent within a month  after discharging from a detox facility.   H.R. 4684 will not only provide addicts with qualified recovery homes  but healthy family oriented settings.   Medical research suggests that recovery residencies should be  structured like a family home, a community living environment which is  centered on peer support and connection to services.   These provisions of the bill will provide victims of opioid addiction  with much needed guidance.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4684 to show their  support in this extremely critical moment in time and ensure that those  who have fallen victim to the opioid epidemic are provided with  qualified recovery housing.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5002,  the ACE Research Act.   It is undeniable that more money, resources, and research needs to go  into solving the many addictions, diseases, and disorders that face our  society today.   H.R. 5002 amends the Public Health Service Act by augmenting the  National Institutes of Health's research initiatives, by introducing  more critical research that will strengthen the understanding and yield  cures to the myriad of health problems that are facing Americans today.   The ACE Research Act will provide the National Institutes of Health  with the necessary authority, resources and support it needs to further  research and increase the fundamental biological understanding of the  prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of diseases and disorders.   Additionally, the research initiatives undertaken by the National  Institutes of Health may be supported through transactions other than  contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements under the ACE Research  Act.   The ACE Research Act will provide the National Institutes of Health  with the measures to implement high impact, cutting-edge research  necessary to combat public health threats.   Further, the National Institutes of Health will be able to partner  with companies that have the technology and resources to administer  this cutting-edge research.   National Institutes of Health conducts tremendous, groundbreaking  research that investigates the causes and remedies of diseases,  addictions, ailments, and other public health areas for all people.   Moreover, the National Institutes of Health is the leading government  agency that is responsible for essential public health and biomedical  research, which helps Americans combat the health concerns that arise  daily.   The ACE Research Act will support the National Institutes of Health's  research initiatives in finding cures to the growing opioid addiction  in America today.   Opioid addiction, which includes the overuse of illicit and  prescription drugs, is taking the lives of Americans across our nation  each day.   A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report cited  63,632 drug overdose deaths in 2016 in America, 42,249 of which were  related to opioid overdoses.   In 2016, there were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths in Texas,  according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse.   In the city of Houston, there were 364 drug-related overdose deaths  alone that happened in 2016 according to the Treatment Canter, a highly  respected drug and alcohol addiction treatment service center.   Therefore, it is vital that research is done concerning drug abuse  and addictions, as it has been a long-term problem in our society.   According to the American Society of Addiction Medicine, addiction is  ``a primary, chronic disease of brain reward, motivation, memory and  related circuitry.''   Addiction is not a choice, a moral feeling, or a lack of will-power;  it is a disease of the brain that requires proper treatment.   Addiction is a longstanding mental and physical illness that many  Americans are facing today, leading to their lives being compromised,  and in some cases even leading to their death.   The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is overseeing important  research to respond to this epidemic, and this bill responds favorably  to its request for more flexibility in conducting research on  treatments for opioid addiction and other disease areas.   This research may lead to scientific advances that may find solutions  to the opioid crisis, as well as solutions to other addictions and  public health threats.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5002, which will  expand the National Institutes of Health's research initiatives to  include valuable research that will address the multitude of health  concerns facing Americans today.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5102,  the ``Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018.''   H.R. 5102 would establish a loan repayment program for mental health  professionals practicing in areas with few mental health providers or  with high death rates from overdose.   Mr. Speaker, this bill will amend the Public Health Service Act to  create a loan repayment program for individuals who complete a period  of service in a substance use disorder treatment job in a mental health  professional shortage area and counties where the drug overdose death  rate is higher than the national average.   This bill authorizes $25 million per year over fiscal years 2019- 2028.   H.R. 5102 will strengthen America's substance abuse treatment  workforce and provide for greater access to care for patients who need  it the most.   Mr. Speaker, the current trends of substance abuse in the U.S. are  startling.   A Columbia University study found that over 40 million Americans age  12 and over meet the clinical criteria for drug addiction and abuse.   As substance abuse rates and death from overdose rates increase,  studies project a shortage of 85,000 physicians in 2020--the impact of  which will be the most devastating in rural communities.   In my home state of Texas, 10.1 people die per 100,000 in the  population from drug overdoses.   In 2016, in Houston there were 364 drug overdose related deaths  reported.   H.R. 5102 addresses these critical issues by providing an additional  path for health care providers to practice in rural and underserved  communities, ultimately giving greater access to care for those  suffering from substance use disorder.   This piece of legislation will strengthen rural health care systems  and will improve access to care for patients in these rural  communities.   Mr. Speaker, the ``Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment  Act of 2018'' will help build a well-equipped workforce to combat the  current rise in substance use disorders.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5228,  the Stop Counterfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhancing Enforcement Now  Act, or the SCREEN Act.  [[Page H5052]]    Mr. Speaker, one way the nation can express its concern for our  citizens' health is by addressing the issue regarding counterfeit drugs  and synthetic opioids.   Among other things, H.R. 5228 will strengthen the ability of the Food  and Drug Administration to combat counterfeit drugs, illegal and  synthetic opioids, and opioid-like substances.   Because the capabilities of counterfeit drugs and opioids are rapidly  and continuously evolving, there is no ``single'' technology that  provides long-term assurance of drug security.   H.R. 5228 will implement new, holistic technology to better protect  our drug supply.   Opioids are a class of drugs that include the illegal drug heroin.   All opioids are chemically related and interact with opioid receptors  on nerve cells in the body and brain.   According to a recent study, Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention (CDC) report there were 63,632 drug overdose deaths in 2016  in America, 42,249 of which were related to opioid overdoses.   This issue directly affects my state of Texas, because in 2016, there  were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths, according to the National  Institute on Drug Abuse.   In the city of Houston alone, there were 364 drug-related overdose  deaths.   Another issue that H.R. 5228 will address is the prevalence of  counterfeits, or fake medicines which are produced and sold with the  intent to deceptively represent its authenticity or effectiveness.   Fake medicine may contain harmful or inactive ingredients that harm  users, or might have the right active ingredient but at the wrong  dosage.   Counterfeit drugs are illegal and can be harmful to your health.   Mr. Speaker, critics of the FDA say the entire screening system is  underutilized and filled with incomplete and late information.   By enacting H.R. 5228, the FDA will have the authority to combat the  scourge of opioids and counterfeit drugs.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5228.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5583,  a bill to Amend Title XI of the Social Security Act to Require States  to Annually Report on Certain Adult Health Quality Measures.   The United States must affirm its role as a leader in domestic care  by guaranteeing access to plentiful and accurate information regarding  the health of its most vulnerable citizens.   Mr. Speaker, over 67.4 million individuals are enrolled in Medicaid  as of March of 2018.   In Texas, Medicaid covers 1 in 14 adults under the age of 65, 1 in 3  low-income individuals, 2 in 5 children, 3 in 5 nursing home residents,  and 1 in 3 people with disabilities.   There are currently over 717 thousand open Medicaid cases in Harris  County alone.   In addition, to doctor and hospital visits, Medicaid covers long-term  services like nursing homes and community-based services that allow  people with chronic conditions and disabilities to live independently.   Medicaid covers more than half of all nursing home residents.   H.R. 5583 requires the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to  expand its core set of adult health quality measures for Medicaid- eligible adults to include measures specific to behavioral health.   A state Medicaid program must report annually on such measures.   This bill requires States to use all behavioral health measures  included in the core set of adult health quality metrics, and any  changes to such measures, to be reported regarding the quality of  healthcare for Medicaid-eligible adults.   By passing this bill and instituting these reporting requirements, we  can ensure equitable attention to healthcare for Medicaid-eligible men  and women.   All Americans, no matter their financial circumstances, deserve  access to healthcare, and this bill will ensure that discrepancies in  care among low-income Americans can be identified and addressed.   Safeguarding the health and healthcare of our citizens is the best  way to concretely demonstrate our dedication to their safety and well- being.   It is not only the right thing to do for our citizens; it is the  smart thing to do for our nation.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 5583, a bill that  will ensure the healthcare of all Americans can be addressed and  improved by requiring annual reports on the health quality of Medicaid- eligible Americans.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5197,  the Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act, or the  ALTO Act.   Mr. Speaker, our nation faces an opioid crisis.   H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, directs the Secretary of Health and Human  Services to conduct a demonstration program to test alternative pain  management protocols to limit the use of opioids in hospitals and  emergency departments.   Opioids contributed to the deaths of more than 42,000 people in 2016,  more than any year on official record.   Forty percent of all opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription  opioid.   The economic burden of prescription opioid misuse in the United  States is estimated to be $78.5 billion dollars per year.   This figure includes costs stemming from health care, including  addiction treatment, lost productivity, and criminal justice  involvement.   Over 200 million opioid prescriptions are written in the United  States each year, and 2 million Americans have the symptoms of  substance use disorder.   Approximately 21 to 29 percent of patients prescribed opioids for  chronic pain misuse them.   In Texas, 4 percent of the population reports using pain relievers  for non-medical purposes.   Harris County, which contains my home district, has a pain medication  misuse rate of 3.91 percent.   The time for action is now.   H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, directs Health and Human Services to carry  out a 3-year demonstration program which awards grants to hospitals and  emergency departments to develop, implement, enhance, or study  alternative pain management protocols and treatments that promote the  appropriate limited use of opioids.   Emergency departments in several States, including in New Jersey and  Colorado, have developed innovative programs to more widely utilize  non-opioid pain treatments to reduce the use of opioids.   We must learn from these attempts and initiate a national program to  limit the overuse of opioids in emergency settings.   However, it is important to realize that some groups, such as African  Americans, are under-prescribed pain management medications.   We must balance these new programs that work to reduce over- prescription with our continued efforts to ensure that medically  necessary treatment be provided to people in need.   H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, is especially important for my district and  the greater Houston area.   Houston is home to many world-renowned trauma centers including Ben  Taub and Memorial Hermann.   These centers have extensive emergency medical services and they,  along with hospitals around the state and the nation, will benefit  greatly from the support this bill provides.   Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to intervene before opioids  claim the lives of more Americans.   The Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act, or the  ALTO Act is a necessary step towards stopping this opioid crisis.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5197, the ALTO  Act, to prevent opioid addiction at the source and ensure that this  crisis is stopped.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5587,  the Peer Support Communities of Recovery.   H.R. 5587 provides for the establishment of regional assistance  centers to implement addiction recovery support services throughout an  individual's treatment.   Everyday, over 100 people in the United States die from opioid  related drug overdoses, while over 11.5 million people misuse  prescription opioids.   In 2016, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report  cited 63,632 drug overdose deaths in the U.S., with a linearly  increasing trend.   In Texas, there were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths and within  Houston alone, there were 364 drug-related overdose deaths that  happened in 2016 according to the Treatment Center.   The U.S. is going through a serious drug abuse epidemic and the  resources available for recovering addicts are currently limited in  variability.  [[Page H5071]]    Peer support services are unique in that they allow for individuals  with common experiences to share their stories of recovery with the  people who might be seeking help.   Through self-help and shared support, people are able to offer  strength and hope to their peers, which allows for personal growth,  promotes wellness, and encourages recovery.   Examples of peer support include: peer mentoring or coaching; peer  recovery resource connecting; recovery group facilitation; and  community building.   In Houston, we have peer support programs that exist for both adults  and youth through the Houston Health Department and Houston Recovery  Center.   H.R. 5587 authorizes programs, similar to the ones that are having a  positive impact in Houston, to be established across the country to  serve other communities.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5587 to ensure  that we are addressing substance abuse in the United States as  efficiently as possible.   