 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding me the  customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   We saw a shutdown just over 2 weeks ago, and here we are again; I  believe this is the fifth one since September. And since the  Republicans control every branch of the government, we have to wonder  what is going on here.   I stood in this same spot after midnight in 2013 and announced that  the great government of the United States was closed for business. At  that point, they were closed for business for 16 days, which means all  the Federal buildings and parks were closed. The vendors who had little  mom-and-pop stores, newspaper kiosks, and things at Federal businesses  lost all the money, a lot of it, people with lunchrooms. The estimate  was $24 billion was lost to the Federal Government.   As I recall that particular one, that was because Senator Cruz, a  Republican from Texas, didn't like the Affordable Care Act and  apparently was not in favor of giving healthcare to the American  people.   The first shutdown that occurred when I first came here was during  the Clinton administration, when Speaker Gingrich shut down the  government of the United States because he was unhappy with the plane  seat in Air Force One that had been assigned to him.   And 2 weeks ago, it was blamed on the Democrats, which is very  strange, since the Democrats do not have the vote to shut down the  House. Only the majority has those votes. And this is the first  shutdown in history, as far as we can find, that the group of persons  who control the House, the Senate, and the White House have given  themselves a shutdown. It is a pretty sad day for us.   So here we are, 3:30 a.m., 3\1/2\ hours after a government shutdown  once again. We have really got to stop this. I tell you, our fellow  Americans are in a state of nervous anxiety. The stock market dropped  1,000 points in a single day, twice this week. We have perplexed the  entire United States of America as well as large parts of the world.   And I would think that a reasonable person, looking at all this,  would be understood to believe that perhaps Republicans are incapable  of running the government because it is purely, purely government by  nothing but crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the  rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral  legislation must pass before the time runs out on hundreds of thousands  of young people who were promised, by a previous administration, that  if they registered and paid $500, they could stay in the only country  they know.   Without any warning, the new President invalidated the program and  their lives. The things that they were promised were taken away, and  those young people, a part of our lives, are living in fear. I really  hope that we can do something about that. It is past time.   But I think what happened to them was most un-American.   So I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the  Record, along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote  on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham) to discuss our  proposal.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Polis), a distinguished member of the Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern), a distinguished member of the Committee  on Rules.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Massachusetts.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the Democratic leader.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of my colleague if he has  any further speakers?    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield  myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, let's acknowledge that a deal like this could have come  much sooner if the majority tried bipartisanship from the very  beginning. Instead, our Nation has had to go through four short-term  funding fights and two government shutdowns to arrive at where we are  this morning. All of that was entirely preventible. It was brought on  by the majority's inability to get its work done.   It was little more than a week ago that President Trump stood in this  Chamber and gave his State of the Union Address. In it, he proclaimed:  ``I call upon all of us to set aside our differences, to seek out  common ground, and to summon the unity we need to deliver for the  people.''   That was Tuesday. But the following Tuesday, the President said that  he would love to see a shutdown. He keeps injecting incredible  confusion and uncertainty as to what he actually would be willing to  sign into law. I am aware that my colleague, Mr. Sessions, did assure  us that he wants to sign this bill.   Mr. Speaker, it has been an awful long night, and it didn't need to  be. We don't need to take up every crisis to the very brink. Since you  control every lever of power in this government, you have failed the  most basic responsibility: to run this government in a sensible and  intelligent way. Everybody--all of us--know, whether we want to admit  it or not, that this is no way to run a government and certainly not a  government as important as the one we were sent here to represent.   I also urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question so the House can  take up the Dream Act because time is so quickly running out on those  young people. It would be a blot on our conscience for the rest of our  lives if we did nothing to help.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   