 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to  join my colleagues who all thank the gentleman tonight for the  fantastic leadership that he has given to this issue for so many years.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise to affirm the dignity of the estimated 59  million children whose lives have been terminated by abortion in the  United States since 1973. This Friday, tens of thousands of Americans  will bear witness to the value of the unborn at the 45th annual March  for Life, united in opposition to the life-degrading Supreme Court  decision, Roe v. Wade.   The right to life is first among the inalienable rights of the  Nation's Declaration of Independence. It is imperative to safeguard  life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; those necessary conditions  for people to flourish. Unfortunately, as evidenced by Roe v. Wade, our  society too often values happiness at the expense of human life.   However, amid this culture of death, the pro-life movement fights for  life  [[Page H464]]  with love. And this year's March for Life theme, ``Love Saves Lives,''  truly embodies the spirit of the pro-life movement. Look no further  than the 2,200 pregnancy centers across the country dedicated to  serving pregnant women and new mothers. There are many in my district  and I am very proud of them.   These pregnancy centers empower women with life-affirming options and  offer medical testing, prenatal care, and ultrasounds. They also  provide parenting classes, baby supplies, and financial assistance to  help meet the emotional and material needs of pregnant women.   Many offer information about the beautiful option of adoption and  provide referrals to connect birth mothers with loving families for  their babies. The babies cared for in these clinics are loved before  they are even born and the women are offered the love and support they  need. These clinics recognize life as a precious gift and embrace a  life-affirming option despite adverse circumstances.   We live in a society that mistakes choice for liberty. But the beauty  of living in a free country is that we can use our liberty for love. On  Friday, the march will speak for the unborn, but the pro-life movement  is more than just words. It is love in action every day, affirming the  value of life at all stages, no matter the difficulties it presents.   Striving to love daily is not easy, yet it is the greatest exercise  of our freedom, and there is no life unworthy of that love.   Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Foxx again  for her very moving words, which are backed up by her actions each and  every day.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Walberg),  who serves on the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Education and  the Workforce Committee.   