 Mr. Speaker, as February's National Children's  Dental Health Month draws to a close, I thank Chairman Walden and  Ranking Member Pallone for their leadership in making sure that this  bill came to the floor today.   It has been a tremendous honor to work with my colleague, Mr. Simpson  from Idaho, in moving this legislation that I am intensely passionate  about--the Action for Dental Health Act.   I want to acknowledge that, while Members of this Chamber may not  always see eye-to-eye on matters of health policy, I am proud that my  colleagues were able to work together in a constructive, compassionate,  and considerate way to address the critical public health matter of  improving oral health in America.   Mr. Speaker, all Americans deserve a healthy smile; but, sadly, each  year, tens of millions of Americans forego needed oral healthcare due  to poverty, fear, language or cultural barriers, or the simple fact  that there isn't a dentist in the area in which they live.   We know that regular visits to a dentist can do more than keep your  smile attractive. They can tell a whole lot about your overall health,  including whether or not you may be developing a disease like diabetes,  or if you are at risk for a stroke.   Fifty million Americans live in places with limited access to dental  care, and economically vulnerable adults are almost twice as likely to  have had no dental care in the previous year than Americans in middle-  and upper-income brackets.  [[Page H1244]]    Dental problems are a leading problem of school absences for kids and  missed work for parents. Oral health has a direct relationship with  school performance. Kids who reported having recent tooth pain were  four times more likely to have a low grade point average--below the  median GPA of 2.8--when compared to children without oral pain,  according to a study by the Ostrow School of Dentistry at the  University of Southern California   My bill improves oral health for Americans by breaking down barriers  to care. It allows organizations to qualify for oral health grants to  support activities that improve oral health education and dental  disease prevention.   This includes developing and expanding outreach programs that will  facilitate establishing dental homes for children and adults, including  the elderly, blind, and disabled.   The Action for Dental Health Act has received the endorsement of the  American Dental Association, the National Dental Association, the  American Dental Education Association, and a bipartisan coalition of  our congressional colleagues.   On a final note, I would like to thank the staff of the Energy and  Commerce Committee; Mia Keeys on my staff; Jamie McNeil with  Congressman Simpson; and also Dr. Cheryl Watson-Lowry, who came to  testify on behalf of the bill, in working together to help shepherd the  bill before us today.   I am a true believer in the power of order and bipartisanship in  making a difference in the lives of the families we represent. The  process of working with you all in advancing this bill has truly  strengthened my belief in that power.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished  colleague, Mr. Evans, for yielding and for his leadership. I associate  myself with the words of my colleagues who have already spoken.   Mr. Speaker, I never tire in my call to end senseless gun violence.  But I am emboldened this evening by the grassroots movement we have  seen from the brave and bright students that survived the shooting at  Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, which took  the lives of 17 of their classmates and teachers. These brave students  remind me of the determined young people I have come to know in the  Chicago area who have been calling for change.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my Republican colleagues: Do you remember the  terror you felt this past summer on the baseball diamond when you were  senselessly attacked with a rifle? Do you remember the terror you felt  as grown men?   Now imagine being a teenager, without the protection of trained  Capitol Police officers at your side, being senselessly attacked with  an AR-15.   Imagine being raised in a world where fear of being shot at school,  on your block, or in a park was a daily reality.   Countless daily shootings that do not make the news certainly don't  spur you to act. Losing 20 elementary school students didn't spur you  to act. A colleague suffering a severe brain injury didn't spur you to  act. You, yourselves, being the targets hasn't even spurred you to act.   In the aftermath of Parkland, our children have made one thing  abundantly clear: If you do not act to end this senseless violence,  America will replace you with bold leaders who will.   The solutions are simple: mandatory background checks on all gun  sales, including purchases online and at gun shows, and tightening the  background check system; closing the loopholes; removing weapons of war  from our streets; implementing gun violence protective orders; allowing  scientists to study this issue for what it is, a public health crisis;  and investing in programs that provide young people with hope so they  put down guns and pick up pens, pencils, books and job skills; when  appropriate, access to mental health. You cut the budget to mental  health, yet you blame mental health as the reason these things are  happening.   None of these proposals are new. In my first term in Congress, I  issued the Kelly Report, studying this issue, with each of these  recommendations. I will gladly provide every Member of this House a  copy.   The solutions and the choice are clear.   Will you stand up to the NRA? Will you even read my report?   Our children are demanding it.    Mr. Speaker, I couldn't be in this job if I  wasn't an optimist, believe me. I think people hear me. It is whether  they are willing to act.   There are bipartisan bills ready to go; bipartisan bills. Some bills  are sponsored by Republicans, some by Democrats. They have a lot of  cosponsors, but the leadership has to hear; the leadership has to want  to do something. Actually, the leadership on both sides has been very,  very silent, unfortunately. But I am hoping that the  [[Page H1254]]  pressure will continue to be put on by everybody across this United  States.   