 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment  at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the  ranking member for her help on this issue.   I appreciate the opportunity to speak about an issue that is very  important to my constituents and, of course, to me. I began my career  as a nurse, where I provided hands-on patient care for 15 years at the  Dallas Veterans Administration Hospital. I actually opened the  psychiatric service.   I rise today regarding an issue that is prevalent in my district and,  more likely, is coming around the country: the Department of Veterans  Affairs delaying, sometimes for years, payments for services that have  been authorized by the VA and performed subject to their requirements.   Small business vendors depend on timely payments in order to pay for  their services, pay their employees, and conduct business that they  have agreed to perform for the price the VA has agreed to pay.   Veterans and their care are very important to me, and one thing I  have noticed in my career, both at the VA and  [[Page H4988]]  here in Congress, is that it is important that getting the payment,  whatever and wherever it is owed, and whether that is the veteran, a  physician, or a contractor, is important.   I could talk about a number of things about the VA, but one of the  things that is really hurting veterans is the delay of payment of  vendors that render service.   The other week, one of the small vendors came into my office and said  he was still waiting for payment from 2015. These vendors, for the most  part, offer services to the veterans away from the hospital. It should  not take that long for them to be paid.   It is ruining the home healthcare program because they cannot  continue, year after year, to deliver this care without getting paid;  and many of the small vendors have stopped servicing the veterans  because they never see payment in sight. So that is a major issue which  I came to speak about today.   Fee-basis care is preapproved by the VA, and the veteran, VA  facility, and provider are all aware of the costs of the care being  performed. There should not be a delay in delivering payment for  essential services provided to the veteran.   Many of these small businesses have to file lawsuits and get  attorneys to retrieve their money. Many of them have been put out of  business and made up their mind they cannot service veterans because  they cannot get paid in a timely manner. Two or 3 years late for  payment is a long time for small businesses.   My concern is this slow-walking of claim payments is endemic  throughout the VA, and veterans are being held responsible for the  delay. Not all contractors are as savvy as my constituent and might not  know what the next step should be to resolve these issues.   My amendment is designed to encourage the VA to report on the number  of vendors who are being held hostage to slow payment around the  country and how much money is being tied up in these delays. These  small vendors cannot survive these long delays in getting paid.   We need to know how big the problem is and how we can figure out how  to fix it.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I really appreciate  the comments of the ranking member, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, and Chairman  Dent agreeing to look into this issue.   I yield back the balance of my time.   