 Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak about the  importance of teaching computer science and coding in our education  system. Throughout the United States and especially in my home State of  Washington, our internet economy is booming. Nationwide it represents 7  percent of our GDP, which makes up 13 percent of Washington State's  economy. In Washington State, over 13,000 internet companies provide  more than a quarter of a million jobs.   Every student in America should be taught the tools they need to  enter our 21st century economy. Every student in the United States  should have the opportunity to learn about the internet, and  algorithms, and apps. This is a skills gap we have to close, and that  is why I joined with my colleague from Louisiana, Senator Cassidy, to  introduce the High School CODES Act earlier this year.   Senator Cassidy and I have long considered and spoken about the  importance of allowing students to have the ability fulfill a math,  science, or language requirement with a coding class.   That is why Senator Cassidy and I were pleased to include language in  the reauthorization of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical  Education Act that the President signed into law yesterday. The  language in the bill would allow Federal funds to support ``efforts to  expand, develop, and implement programs to increase the students'  opportunity for rigorous courses'' in coding and computer science and  ``support statewide efforts to create access to implementation of  coding and computer science.'' Additionally, Senator Cassidy and I were  pleased to get an amendment included in the appropriations bill that  highlights the importance of a dedicated funding stream for coding  courses in K-12 education.   During the Carl D. Perkins markup negotiations both the majority and  minority agreed to include strong report language that captures the  intent of our original bill, S. 3122, the High School CODES Act.  Additionally, we are pleased that Senator Alexander agreed to send a  letter to Education Secretary DeVos expressing the same.   I ask Senator Cassidy, is it your understanding that the purpose of  our legislation is to incentivize States to allow coding classes be  used in lieu of advanced math, science, or foreign language  requirements?   