 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Lee for bringing us together for  this Special Order to honor a very, very special person, Congressman,  Mr. Mayor, Ron Dellums.   She has worked with him, so she saw close up his commitment to values  to make the future better for everyone in our country.   She also participated in his collaboration, that when an issue arose  or even was anticipated, he engaged the entire community in the  discussion, in the collaboration of what was best for the community,  not deigning to tell them, but listening. He listened, and we all  listened.   When Ron Dellums came to the floor, it was an occasion. Everything  stopped, as we wanted to hear what he had to say, because we knew it  would be substantial. But we also knew it would be eloquent and, on  occasion, humorous.   He was an absolute star in the Congress of the United States, like no  other in the galaxy of stars here that many of us have served with. He  shined so much brighter, and the world is a duller place for his  leaving us.   What is important about Ron are some of the things that our colleague  Mr. Johnson referenced about apartheid in Africa, how important he was  in that fight, and how effective he was as a leader in that fight.    When he assumed the chairmanship of the Armed Services Committee, a  progressive from Berkeley, he understood that our country had to be  strong, but he measured our strength not only in our military might,  but the health, education, and well-being of the American people. He  saw them go together. Without that piece of it, we could never really  reach the potential of strength that America is about.   We will have a number of occasions, one in Oakland on Sunday, to  share some stories, then at a later date here in Washington, D.C.,  again, and many times in between, about Ron Dellums. But I know, for  anyone who served with him--and he was in Congress long before I came,  but I had the privilege of serving for a while--anyone who served with  him considered it a tremendous honor to call him colleague. For those  of us who had the privilege to call him friend, that was a joy in our  lives.   As Californians, though, we took special pride in Ron Dellums. One  story that I love about him, there are many, but one that I love about  him is--this is a prince. You see how elegant he is, dressed  meticulously, so beautifully.   But one story that he told is that, the first time he went to Africa,  a person who was proud of his skin color and proud of the community he  represented and sprang from, but to be on a continent and visit  countries where the leaders of the country were African, to see people  who shared his ethnicity lead their countries and be respected, it was  something he brought home to us with great emotion and great pride.   With great emotion and great pride, I am grateful that I had the  opportunity to serve with him.   I know time is limited, so I will save some stories for Oakland on  Sunday, but I thank Ms. Lee again for not only bringing us together  here, but for honoring the legacy of Ron Dellums and his long career as  a Member of Congress, honoring the values they shared, making her own  mark in the Congress, and now keeper of the flame of Ron Dellums.   