 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by saying thank you to the members of  the Natural Resources Committee and my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle for helping move this bill forward in a truly bipartisan manner.   My bill, H.R. 5317, repeals the antiquated 19th century law--from  1834, to be exact--that prohibits distilleries on Tribal lands. This  prohibition was enacted at a time when the Federal Government took a  more paternalistic stance with Indian Tribes. While many of the  provisions in the larger statute have since been repealed, somehow the  distillery prohibition remains.   This issue came to my attention from the Chehalis Tribe from my home  in southwest Washington. The Chehalis began the permitting process for  a new economic development project on reservation land, which includes  the construction and operation of a distillery.   In the midst of the project, they were made aware of the 1834 law  from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, who suggested that the Tribe move  their project off their land or contact their Member of Congress and  change the law. When they contacted me and told me what they were up  against, I got to work.   I am pleased to put this bill forward today to help place Indian  Tribes on equal footing with non-Tribal citizens by allowing them to  pursue the very same economic opportunities as everybody else. This  repeal enables Tribes to diversify their economic investments and helps  provide jobs not just for Tribes, but for neighboring communities as  well.   This is a matter of fairness, Mr. Speaker. Washington, D.C.,  shouldn't be in the business of telling Indian Country it cannot engage  in a business that is allowed everywhere else and is actually helping  many neighboring areas, in terms of revitalizing their local economy.   Lastly, and to be clear, while this bill provides additional  opportunities for Tribes, it does not provide special treatment. Tribes  will still be required to follow State and Federal liquor laws and  regulations, just as they currently do for breweries and wineries.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members to vote in favor of this bill.   