 Mr. Speaker, let me take this opportunity to thank the  gentlewoman, Maxine Waters, for her leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act. This  bill requires regulators on the FFIEC to reduce the scale and scope of  their regulations based on the size and profile of a financial  institution or class of institutions.   Let me be clear: Like many of the bill's supporters, I strongly  believe that we should not take a one-size-fits-all approach to  financial regulation. Financial regulation must be appropriately  adjusted according to the size and complexity of an institution or  class of institutions. That is why Democrats worked so hard to create  these flexibilities in Dodd-Frank and regulators are already required  to adjust their rules accordingly. For example, the CFPB has exempted  community banks from many of the requirements under the qualified  mortgage rule, and the Federal Reserve has developed different capital  standards for banks based on size.   Moreover, we already have laws like the Economic Growth and  Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act that instructs Federal financial  regulators to go through extensive look-back reviews to update and  improve their regulations. So while I agree that it is necessary to  review and update our regulatory framework from time to time,  particularly for our smaller institutions, I oppose H.R. 1116 because  the reviews required under the bill tilt too far in the industry's  favor and fail to provide sufficient protection to the public's or the  consumer's interest.   If enacted, this bill will provide our Nation's largest financial  institutions with the opportunity to challenge any revised rulemaking  in court if they felt a regulation was not uniquely tailored to meet  their business needs. The bill also requires regulators to ignore the  requirements of Dodd-Frank and other laws and subjects any future  financial regulation to vague and impossible standards like  appropriateness and necessity. These standards are undefined in the  bill, making it very easy for a financial institution to challenge them  in court.    Perhaps most importantly, the bill makes no mention of  regulators also considering the protection a current or future  regulation has for consumers or the benefit it provides to our Nation's  financial stability.   Instead of developing sweeping rollbacks of financial regulation, we  should instead spend our time working to improve our regulatory  framework  [[Page H1579]]  in order to ensure it maintains appropriate protections and safeguards  for consumers, investors, and taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this ill-advised  bill.   