 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the adoption of the  Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, an important and long overdue provision  included in this legislation before us today.   For nearly 70 years, the National Labor Relations Board respected the  sovereignty of Native American Tribes throughout the country and  allowed the Tribes to adjudicate labor issues within the laws and  standards of each Tribe. However, in 2004, the NLRB began to change its  longstanding practices and adopted subjective tests to determine when  it wanted to assert its jurisdiction in matters involving Native  American Tribes.   These subjective tests are applied on an arbitrary, case-by-case  basis and are having an impact on Tribal businesses that are operated  on sovereign Tribal lands. Tribal business leaders have been asking  Congress to respect their sovereign rights and end the NLRB's  inconsistent and misguided decisions when it comes to labor decisions  dealing with Tribal businesses.   The Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, sponsored by Representative Todd  Rokita, a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, stops  the NLRB from picking winners and losers when it comes to matters  dealing with Tribal businesses and ends the bureaucratic overreach  conducted by the NLRB in recent years.   Most importantly, this legislation protects the sovereignty Native  Americans deserve and ensures that Tribes have control over their own  labor relations and, ultimately, determine what works best for  workplaces on Tribal lands.   Bipartisan support for Tribal sovereignty has been reaffirmed time  and again by Congress, and for more than 180 years, the Supreme Court  has held that Tribes possess a nationhood status and retain inherent  powers of self-government. It is time that we strip unelected  bureaucrats of the power they abuse and respect the rights of Native  American Tribes.   I wish to thank Representative Todd Rokita for introducing and  championing the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act and urge Members to  support this important clarification to Federal law.   