 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the conference  report to H.R. 5515, which is the 2019 National Defense Authorization  Act.   This bill authorizes more than $708 billion in defense spending. Yet  we know that there is at least $150 billion in waste, fraud, and abuse  currently over at the Pentagon. Now we are giving them more money.  Shame on us.   This is an already out-of-control, bloated Pentagon budget.   Mr. Speaker, it would also increase funding to $69 billion for wars  that Congress has never debated or voted on. Once again, my Republican  colleagues have used off-the-books spending gimmicks to further expand  the bloated Pentagon budget.   Enough is enough, Mr. Speaker. Instead of writing blank checks to the  Pentagon, Congress needs to live up to its constitutional obligation to  debate matters of war and peace. I offered an amendment to sunset the  2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force after 8 months of  enactment during the regular debate of this bill. Congress would have 8  months to debate and vote on a new AUMF before the repeal. Eight months  is plenty of time.   Mr. Speaker, we passed the 2001 AUMF within 3 days, mind you.   Unfortunately, Republicans refused to allow my bipartisan amendment  on the Floor.   When in the world will this body have the backbone to debate the  costs and consequences of these wars? Our brave troops deserve better.   We need to do our job.   I am pleased, though, that some of my amendments--which are very  important amendments--were included in the conference report. They  include clarifying that nothing in this bill can be construed as  authorizing force against North Korea--that is the use of military  force.   Also, we included reporting requirements for auditing the Pentagon.  We need the Pentagon audited so that taxpayers will really begin to  know where their hard-earned tax dollars are going and what weapons  systems they are contributing to in terms of the building of weapons  systems which probably will never be used, a report and update on the  United States-Kabul compact, and also overseas contingency operations  reporting requirements.   Can you believe we are spending all this money on a slush fund  through OCO, and we don't know what is going on with that account?   The underlying bill is still a disgrace.   In conclusion, I just want to reiterate that authorizing wars with no  end, no debate, and no vote is unconstitutional, and it is wrong.   I call on Speaker Ryan to bring forth an authorization because every  step of the way, we are trying in a bipartisan fashion to do this, and  it is the Speaker's call. He should do that so that we can debate and  vote up or down on these wars.   So, this final bill should not be passed just based on the amount of  money that we are giving to the Pentagon to do more than ensure our  national security and fight terrorism.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a no vote and reject this shameful bill.   