 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Childhood  Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access & Research (STAR) Act, a bill  that will touch many lives affected by childhood cancer. This has been  a true example of bipartisanship. I particularly want to thank my  colleague Congressman McCaul for his leadership on this critical bill  and my other fellow co-chairs of the Congressional Childhood Cancer  Caucus, Congressmen Butterfield and Kelly. I also want to thank our  Senate partners, Senators Reed, Moore Capito, Van Hollen, and Isakson.  And to all children and families affected by childhood cancer, this is  their victory. It is because of their tireless advocacy that this  landmark legislation will be sent to the President's desk and signed  into law.   With the STAR Act, we have won a battle in our long-fought war  against childhood cancer. This bill creates an arsenal of tools for the  National Institutes of Health to promote vital research into childhood  cancer, such as the establishment of National Biorepositories. It also  improves the quality of life for survivors, including by funding models  of long-term care to help monitor the progress of survivors as they  age.   Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to recognize two of my  constituents who have personally inspired my work on this important  bill. The first is Christie Chaudry, who after surviving childhood  cancer grew up to become a pediatric oncology nurse practitioner. For  the last seven years, Christie has helped run the inpatient  chemotherapy unit at Lucile Packard Children's Hospital at Stanford-- the same hospital where she was treated as a child.   The second is Andrea Church, a childhood cancer advocate from San  Carlos, California, who set a goal to have San Francisco City Hall lit  up in gold in honor of Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. Andrea's  daughter, Riley, passed away at age 14 due to an inoperable brain  tumor. In her daughter's honor, Andrea reached and surpassed her goal  two years ago. Not only did San Francisco City Hall go gold, so did  Oakland City Hall, AT&T Park--the home of the San Francisco Giants--and  the Oakland Coliseum--the home of the Oakland A's.   Mr. Speaker, the STAR Act opens the door to numerous opportunities  for research and innovation in the treatment of childhood cancer. It  addresses critical gaps in the care of childhood cancer survivors, and  it creates a holistic approach to studying the disease. With the  passage of this legislation, we are moving closer to a future where  children and their families may one day live cancer-free. I thank my  colleagues for their support.   