 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues  because this week marks the 1-year anniversary of Senator McCain's  casting the deciding vote against the healthcare repeal legislation.   I, too, voted against that legislation, as I did on a number of very  partisan efforts by President Trump and congressional Republicans. I  did so because the people of Wisconsin did not send me to Washington to  take away people's healthcare coverage. They have consistently sent a  clear message that they want us to work across the party aisle to make  things better and not worse.   As I said throughout last year's debate and have said to this day,  the people of Wisconsin want both parties in Congress to work together  to make things better by stabilizing the health insurance market,  making healthcare more affordable, and taking on rising prescription  drug prices.   I strongly believe that if both parties look past the partisan debate  in Washington, we can find common ground on solutions that work for the  American people. Each and every one of the healthcare repeal bills that  were pushed by the President and congressional Republicans faced  opposition from the American people because all of them would have done  the same thing--they would have taken healthcare coverage away from  millions of Americans and made people pay more for less care. They  would have gutted protections for those with preexisting conditions.  They would have forced older adults to pay an age tax. They would have  cut benefits for Medicaid for our most vulnerable people, like senior  citizens and even our veterans. Put simply, this would have taken us  back to the days when insurance companies set the rules.   Wisconsin families and families across our entire country let their  voices be heard to the Congress, people like Chelsey from Seymour, WI,  whose daughter Zoe was born with a congenital heart defect and had to  have open heart surgery within 5 days of her birth. Chelsey wrote to me  and said: ``I'm pleading to you as a mother to fight for the . . . kids  in Wisconsin with preexisting health conditions.''  [[Page S5256]]    Together, we fought to protect the guaranteed healthcare protections  that people depend on. Together, we fought the repeal plans to cut and  cap Medicaid, putting care at risk for everyone who depends on it, from  a loved one who depends on Medicaid for nursing care, to a disabled  child who relies on Medicaid funding at school. Together, we fought  repeal plans that would have increased the number of uninsured  Americans.   Even defeating the legislative efforts that would have made things  worse for our families didn't end the threat to the American people.  President Trump has been trying to do what congressional Republicans  couldn't. He has been sabotaging our healthcare system by undermining  the guaranteed health protections and access to affordable care. He  ended the critical cost-sharing reduction payments that make healthcare  more affordable for almost 90,000 Wisconsinites. His administration  again slashed funding to States for outreach efforts that help more  people sign up for healthcare. Trusted navigator programs like those in  Wisconsin have had their funding cut by nearly 90 percent in the last 2  years. This will mean fewer people in rural Wisconsin will receive the  support they need to obtain affordable coverage.   President Trump's sabotage of the healthcare market has created  severe instability and already contributed to a 36-percent premium  spike in Wisconsin this year.   This damage is not enough for Trump's administration, as it has also  proposed a plan to allow insurance companies to sell what we call junk  plans that could increase costs and reduce access to quality coverage  for millions of Americans, harm people with preexisting health  conditions, and force premium increases on older adults. These junk  plans once again let big insurance companies write the rules and could  exclude basic care, including hospitalization, prescription drugs,  mental health services, substance abuse treatment, and maternity care.   It still does not end there. Legislative repeal efforts and executive  branch sabotage have now moved to the judicial branch. Wisconsin's  Governor and attorney general sued to strike down the entire Affordable  Care Act last month. Last month, the Trump administration supported  this repeal effort by going to court to take away guaranteed  protections and raise costs for Americans with preexisting conditions.  If the lawsuit succeeds, insurance companies will once again be able to  discriminate against people with preexisting conditions by denying them  coverage or charging exorbitant premiums.   President Trump is threatening guaranteed and affordable healthcare  coverage for more than 133 million Americans and over 2 million  Wisconsinites with preexisting conditions. In fact, as a Kaiser Health  report made clear last week, if the Affordable Care Act's protections  for people with preexisting medical conditions are struck down in  court, Wisconsin is among a number of States that have the most to  lose. According to Kaiser, one out of every four Wisconsinites has a  preexisting condition, and they cannot afford to have the healthcare  they depend on threatened. When I was a child, I was branded with the  words ``preexisting condition'' after a serious childhood illness.   I am going to continue fighting to make sure that no family has to  choose between helping their child get better or going bankrupt. Again,  the people of Wisconsin did not send me to Washington to take away  people's healthcare, and I will continue my fight against these  relentless efforts to make things worse for Wisconsin families.   This issue is personal to me. I know it is very personal to the  individuals and families in Wisconsin. No parent, no grandparent, no  foster parent should lie awake at night wondering if the healthcare  they have for their child today will be there tomorrow. That is why I  will continue my work to protect it.   Last year, the American people sent a loud message to Washington. I  heard it. And they are sending the same simple message today: Protect  our care.   I yield, Mr. President.   