 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5437, and I want to thank my  colleague, Mr. Paulsen, for all of his work to help advance this  important measure. This is a pretty straightforward bill with a  straightforward mission: protecting taxpayers from tax identity theft  and fraud.   I am sure everyone is familiar with a scheme that some enterprising  criminals came up with to file fraudulent tax returns so that they  could collect money that didn't belong to them. I am sure it is safe to  say constituents in every one of our districts went to file their taxes  only to find that they had been filed already, and someone else had  claimed their return and their identity.   In response, the IRS instituted a smart, commonsense program to  assign PIN numbers to affected taxpayers, without which they could not  file their taxes. These six-digit numbers would be reassigned each  year, and electronic returns would not be accepted without them.   According to the American Coalition for Taxpayer Rights, it appears  that this program has helped protect taxpayers and reduce fraudulent  returns. The number of tax returns with confirmed identity theft  dropped 32 percent from 2016 to 2017, alone, and 57 percent during the  2015 to 2017 period. Yet tax identity thieves are still claiming  millions of dollars in fraudulently obtained refunds.   By broadening the IP PIN program to all taxpayers instead of only  making it available to identity theft victims and individuals in pilot  project States, we can be proactive about keeping taxpayers' personal  information and hard-earned dollars safe, and we can make further  progress in reducing the instances of fraud during filing season.   While we can and must do more to outwit cybercriminals and  perpetrators of fraud, this program is a no-brainer that gives a better  level of protection than exists today. I look forward to seeing this  instituted for all of our constituents and hope we can build on this  progress to bring additional security measures and 21st century  technology improvements to the IRS.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, again, this is a straightforward and simple  bill that will protect taxpayers across the country, and I urge my  colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   