 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding time to  me and thank my friends for organizing this tribute.   Louise was a remarkable woman, an astute legislator, a skilled  negotiator, and a gifted debater. She will be remembered for all those  traits. But she will also be remembered for her compassion, her humor,  and the many kindnesses she extended to all of us.   I will always recall the many times coming down to this very floor to  speak and hearing Louise arguing for fairness and opposing policies bad  for our Nation. She was a fierce orator with a sharp wit. When she  disagreed with how this House was doing business, she let it be known.    She was a passionate voice for progressive values. Like a New Yorker,  she never backed down from a fight. If she wanted to get something  done, she dug in her heels and fought like hell for it.   But, as a daughter of the South, she will equally be remembered for  her amazing wit, her gentle touch, her disarming smile, and her genuine  friendships on both sides of the aisle.   What is remarkable is that, at the end of the day, when the debate  concluded and the votes were taken, Louise was known for sharing a  laugh with her colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle.   Someone once described her as ``a combination of Southern charm and  backroom politics, a Southern belle with a cigar in her mouth.'' She  truly was larger than life.   When Louise came to Congress, there were far fewer women in this  body. She helped lead the way for so many of us who came after,  breaking down barriers. So many of us owe her a debt of gratitude for  the trails she blazed.   As a fellow New Yorker, as a fellow female Member of Congress, but  most of all, as her friend, I know I will miss her.   This body is better served for her service, and the U.S. House will  certainly be a less colorful place without seeing her on the floor,  leading debates on the rules with her Kentucky accent and her  commitment to progressive values.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for the opportunity to speak.   