 Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman for those kind  remarks, and also let me thank Congresswoman Lawrence for her  tremendous leadership and all she has done not only through this  Special Order, but through all of their work with the Congressional  Black Women and Girls Caucus. They have really lifted up Black women  and shown the world that Black women lead, and I am very proud of both  of them for doing that. You know, hidden figures, we are not hidden  anymore thanks to them.   Mr. Speaker, I want to just take a minute and begin by saying what a  huge void it is on the floor of this House tonight without the presence  of our beloved warrior woman Congresswoman Louise Slaughter. She was a  brilliant and beautiful woman: the first woman to chair the Rules  Committee and the only microbiologist in the House. My heart is broken  tonight.   Louise sat right there. She encouraged us; she supported our agenda,  whatever we were doing; and she was a true mentor. I know, on behalf of  all of us, we are praying for her family and her constituents tonight,  and it feels different without Louise being on this floor.   I am glad to be with my sisters this evening and Congressional Black  Caucus member Mr. Evans because this is a moment that we have to kind  of pull together in her absence.   Each year, in March, we pause to honor the countless contributions  that women have made to this Nation. As a Black woman, I am uniquely  aware that our stories tend, really, to be lost in the mainstream  celebration of Women's History Month. That is why I am glad to be here  with my CBC colleagues to declare that, yes, 2018, this is the year of  the Black woman.   For generations, Black women have blazed trails throughout this  Nation: Madam C.J. Walker, Mary McLeod Bethune, Ruby Bridges, Audre  Lorde, Mae Jemison, and Michelle Obama. This list of historical Black  girl magic, it could go on. It could go on and on because, in every  chapter of American history, Black women have stood up, spoken out, and  pushed this Nation closer to freedom and justice and equality for all.   Last year, we saw the clearest indication of the influence that Black  women have on our society through the emergence of the Me Too movement  against sexual assault and misconduct.   Many don't know this, but the Me Too movement was started by a Black  woman 12 years ago to support victims and survivors of sexual violence.  Tarana Burke's work and the phrase ``me too'' have revolutionized the  way we approach sexual assault in this country. But as has been the  case throughout American history, Tarana's story, the story of Black  women, is often lost in mainstream coverage of this movement, and what  a shame it is.  [[Page H1690]]    But, once again, 2018, this is the year of Black women, and thank you  for giving us a chance to highlight some of these hidden figures.   Courageous, bold, and brilliant women like Tarana have been fighting  for the soul of this country for generations. And despite being locked  out of opportunity and left behind in consideration, like our beloved,  brilliant, the late Dr. Maya Angelou said so wisely: And still we rise.   We rise in the spirit of Black women like Ida B. Wells, who happens  to have been born on July 16, which is my birthday--different year,  though, but July 16. She was a revolutionary journalist and crusader  for justice who spoke truth to power and exposed the atrocity of  lynchings across the country.   We rise with the hope and determination of Black women like my  mentor--and Congresswoman Yvette Clarke has so boldly taken up her  agenda, and she is standing on her shoulders--Congresswoman Shirley  Chisholm, the first major party African-American candidate and the  first woman candidate who ran for the United States Presidency.   Miss C., as we called her, broke many barriers while tirelessly  advocating for the most vulnerable in our Nation and our world. Mr.  Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Clarke for laying her record out.   I have to say, I got to know her very well. I was honored to have  coordinated her northern California campaign, and I saw the many  obstacles that she overcame as a Black woman in politics.   I happen to have been honored to have been a Shirley Chisholm  delegate in Miami at the convention, and I have to just say, you talk  about mentors, Congresswoman Chisholm encouraged me, and she was a  catalyst for change, and she was unbought and unbossed.   I think Black women today are unbought and unbossed, and we are the  catalyst for change, and so I can't help but honor Congresswoman  Shirley Chisholm tonight and thank her for her contributions to our  country, but also for being so special in my life, because I shared  many, many, many moments with her.   So thank you again, and we want to recognize her on this floor.   Mr. Speaker, we also rise with the courage of fearless Black women  like Anita Hill, who held her head high and spoke out against sexual  harassment despite being humiliated by a committee of White male  Senators.   I was reminded by Andrea Mitchell last week, on her show, that  Congresswoman Slaughter was one of those House Members who marched over  there to that committee and held that hearing up for a couple of days.   When we rise, when we stand up together. When we refuse to be  silenced, Black women and women can change history.   Because Anita Hill refused to let the abuse she was subjected to  dissuade her from working to create a world where other young female  professionals wouldn't be made to accept sexual harassment as simply  part of the job, a movement was begun because of that.    The movement led to the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1991 that  allowed employees to sue for damages related to sex discrimination and  harassment, and Anita reminded us that it was a Black woman who filed  the first sexual harassment lawsuit in the mid-eighties.   Now, this movement led to more women being elected to office,  tripling the number of women Senators from two to six; and because of  that movement, there are now 22 women Senators and 104 Members of the  House.   Make no mistake, we still have a long way to go to achieve full and  lasting equality for Black women in this country. Black women still  make only 60 cents for every dollar that White females make. We still  have to fight for access to healthcare, and structural sexism continues  to stand in the way of Black women being able to fully achieve the  American Dream. But still we rise.   I am confident that, no matter what obstacles we face, as long as we  stand up, speak out, and fight for what is right, we will win--because  we are winning.   And let me just say as a Black woman who has been fighting for social  justice and equality my entire life, the fight is worth it.   So I am proud to stand here with you tonight in memory of my mother,  who was a fearless warrior woman, who taught me never to back down if I  thought what I said or what I did was right.   Had Black women, like Ida B. Wells, my mother, Mildred Parish Massey,  Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, and Anita Hill given up, I might not be  standing here today. I am the 17th African-American woman in Congress,  the 74th African American, and the 163rd woman to serve in the House of  Representatives in the United States' history. I know I would not be  here if it weren't for these phenomenal African-American warrior women.   Mr. Speaker, thank you again for giving us a chance tonight to talk  about our great sheroes, and I hope we continue to educate the public  and to lift up Black women so the entire country will really understand  and value and know where we have been so they know where we are going,  and that is to achieve liberty and justice for everyone in this  country.   