 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I rise to talk about an issue that  is extremely important to my State of Michigan. In Michigan, we take  great pride in the fact that we are never more than 6 miles from a body  of water or more than 85 miles from one of our incredibly amazing Great  Lakes.   In fact, one out of five jobs in Michigan in some way is tied to the  water. So this is really about who we are. It is in our DNA in Michigan  when we talk about the Great Lakes. In terms of the country, it is  important for all of us to care about the Great Lakes because 95  percent of the surface fresh water in the United States is in the Great  Lakes. It is 20 percent of the world's fresh water, but 95 percent of  our fresh water in the United States is in the Great Lakes. Through our  Great Lakes Task Force, we are always working together. All the  Senators and House Members around the Great Lakes have a special  responsibility to step up and protect them, but we all should care  because of the incredible natural resources they provide.   Unfortunately, perhaps no other body of water in the United States  has been as harmed by invasive species as the Great Lakes. It is  ballast water that has brought the majority of these invasive species  into the Great Lakes. They are first brought in from salt water into  the Great Lakes, and then they are moved around within the Great Lakes  after they get there.   I am very concerned about legislation in front of us that would  weaken our ability to protect the Great Lakes. We need to do everything  we can to maintain strong ballast water standards and maintain what we  need to under the Clean Water Act to protect the waters. It is  incredibly important for me to speak out, along with my colleagues,  about what is in front of us.   I strongly support the Coast Guard bill. In fact, I strongly support  the Coast Guard. I think we have the best and the brightest in the  Michigan Coast Guard. I am very proud of them, but I am deeply opposed  to attaching a bill to that critical legislation that would undermine  our ability to fight invasive species under the Clean Water Act and  that would take away the rights of our States to be able to protect our  waters.   This new version of what has been dubbed VIDA, or the Vessel  Incidental Discharge Act, requires the Coast Guard to set ballast water  standards in consultation with the EPA, but it has always been in  reverse. The Coast Guard is not responsible for the protections. They  do fantastic work, but it is not their job in terms of water quality.  That is the EPA. Unfortunately, this legislation that has been attached  to the Coast Guard bill removes the authority to regulate ballast water  discharges under the Clean Water Act. That is a problem for a lot of  reasons.   First of all, it means that States like the Great Lakes State of  Michigan will see our authority to set standards disappear, repealing  what the State of Michigan--the Governor of the State and the  legislature--has done over the years to protect the water that  literally surrounds our peninsula. It means that legal challenges to  ensure strong standards will be curtailed as well.   Why is this important?   Legal action under the Clean Water Act has arguably been the primary  driver for requiring new ballast water standards. Preventing invasive  species from hitching a ride in ballast water is really a big deal. In  fact, the cost of fighting invasive species nationwide is about $120  billion every year. In Michigan, we are spending anywhere up to $800  million a year dealing with invasive species that are already here. One  of our big nightmares is that Asian carp that have been coming up the  Mississippi and Illinois Rivers will hit the Great Lakes. If we don't  have the capacity to do what we need to do there, it is going to be a  disaster for the Great Lakes.    Let me also say that on the Great Lakes, we have what we call our  lakers, which are huge cargo vessels. If you have been to the Great  Lakes, you can look out at it. It looks like you are looking at the  ocean with big barges. We call the Great Lakes, of course, the ocean  without the salt or sharks. We have barges.   I have been a strong supporter of the lakers. They are vital to our  economy, and they really do a wonderful job. But unfortunately, when we  look at protecting the Great Lakes, giving a de facto exemption, which  is in this bill, from these vessels ever having to be required to  install ballast water control technologies is not in the interest of  protecting our waters.   The good news is that, as the lakers travel within the Great Lakes,  they aren't bringing in the salt water ballast, but, unfortunately,  they move them around. We saw this with zebra mussels that were in the  lower part of the Great Lakes. Unfortunately, they get moved around all  the way up to Lake Superior because of the vessels that are moving. It  does make a difference having those standards.   Beyond the ballast water though, one of the things that I just  recently found out about this addition to the Coast Guard bill that is  concerning in a very large way, on top of all this, is that it not only  curtails State ballast water laws, but many States have regulations to  limit other discharges of oils and chemicals and so on. Often times,  these rules are in place to protect sensitive areas like oyster beds or  corals, which, again, are out in the salt water. For us, this is about  the fact that it would remove the ability for States to regulate other  harmful chemicals.   I will give you one example that is becoming a nightmare for us in  Michigan. I think it will eventually be in every State. That is a  runoff of a regulated type of foam that has been used  [[Page S2195]]  forever in fire suppression. There is a group of chemicals that they  dump called PFOS. That is the acronym. We have fire suppression  equipment that has been used at training facilities and others on our  Air Force bases, Army bases, National Guard bases, and so on, for a  long time. It is not used anymore. On the west side of Michigan, we  have private companies making footwear and other kinds of products  where these water-resistant chemicals have been used in all kinds of  ways for a long time.   Across the country, States like Michigan are struggling to address  serious contamination of drinking water caused by a chemical that has  been used in this firefighting foam. At our National Guard training  center, Camp Grayling in Northern Michigan--which is the largest one in  the country for the National Guard--we have a beautiful lake. We have a  lot of lakes. This beautiful lake is in the middle of this very large  facility. We now see this foam flowing on top of the water. For people  with private property around the lake, this foam chemical now is  floating on top of the water. The townships are looking at ways that  they can go from individual wells to some kind of municipal water  system, but it is touching every part of Michigan. My guess is that  before it is done, because these types of foams were used all over the  country, we are going to see it everywhere, and we are going to have  real challenges.   I am very appreciative that the Department of Defense appropriations  money was added for a study to look at the broader safety issues and  public health issues that relate to this so we know that the right  standards are set. There are standards now, but we need to be looking  more deeply at the impacts on ground water and so on. We are going to  have a lot of remediation to do for the public sector as well as  private sector.   Here is the problem. This bill says that States can no longer issue  any regulation on the use of these foams which may contain toxic  substances. It is not only ballast water that we care deeply about.  States that don't have the beautiful Great Lakes around them or our  coastlines are impacted by these toxic substances that we are finding  more of every day--these chemicals that were used everywhere. I am sure  people thought they were safe when they were using them. Now we are  finding out they were not, and they have a huge impact.   This is especially problematic when the States--not the Federal  Government--are on the frontline in addressing this new awareness of  citizens about the impact of the ground water contamination. This bill  would take away the capacity for States to be able to act. I don't  think any of the supporters of the bill intended for this to happen. In  fact, many of the proponents of the bill have been leaders in the  effort in the Senate to address these chemicals.   I urge us to take a step back, and before voting to proceed to concur  with this, that we take a step back together and take a look at the  broader implications of the way this language is put together. I  strongly support the Coast Guard bill. I think everybody here is going  to regret it if this moves forward with this additional language.  Certainly, I am not going to support it. Because of the ballast water  concerns alone, I would not. But you add on top of that taking away the  State's capacity to be able to address these toxic chemicals that we  are now finding everywhere--not only in Michigan, but across the  country--and I think they should be sending off alarm bells to  everyone.   I know that Senator Carper and the EPW Committee have been working on  a real solution to address this issue. I personally think we can do  that on a bipartisan basis. I hope we will.   This is a vote, I think, that many will regret down the road as this  PFOS chemical contamination becomes more widespread. The firefighting  foam wasn't just used in Michigan or in a few States. It was around the  country. I think taking away the State's ability to be able to address  that in their State is a very serious issue. I would urge my colleagues  to vote no on this motion. Let us go back and take another look at it  and figure out some different language. Certainly, we all support the  Coast Guard. If we want to take VIDA out and do the Coast Guard bill,  that is great. If we want to look at the issues around VIDA--and I  appreciate the concerns around that--let's do it in a way that makes  sense for the people we represent and the States who need to be able to  act now. In Michigan, this has become a huge issue around this group of  toxic chemicals.   I urge a ``no'' vote. Whenever we vote--I believe it may be  tomorrow--I hope that we take a step back and work together to get this  right.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   