 Mr. Speaker, I thank our terrific ranking member for  yielding time to me and for his leadership and that of our colleagues  on the other side of the aisle.    Kari's Law addresses a very serious problem and it has been outlined  by Members on both sides of the aisle, and I support the bill.   But it is very important for those who are listening into this  discussion this morning that when anyone dials 911 from a hotel, from a  large building of several stories, from office buildings, from our  office buildings where our offices are--10 floors, 20 floors, 30  floors--seconds really matter and they can make the difference between  life or death. You should not have to dial 9 or some other prefix to  get help.   We already know that that is what happened in this tragic situation  where the 9-year-old daughter was witnessing the actual murder taking  place by her father, the estranged husband of Kari. That woman lost her  life.   So what is missing in this legislation is accuracy for multiline  telephone systems. Once your call reaches the 911 call center, whomever  answers that call needs to know exactly where you are to dispatch first  responders. Now, if you are in a single-family home, it is easy. But if  you are in any one of these buildings, hotels, or office buildings, the  first responders have to go floor by floor. That takes a long time. We  know because we walk from floor to floor just to get over to the  Capitol. It takes us 7 or 8 minutes to get from Cannon House Office  Building to the Capitol.   So if you call 911 again from the 10th floor of a 30-story office  building, it takes first responders a long time to get there.   Oftentimes, during an emergency, individuals who have called in, they  don't really know exactly where they are, or they are so panicked that  they are blinded by what is going on that they can't express that to  the dispatcher. That is why location technology is really important.   I offered an amendment when this bill was taken up at the Energy and  Commerce Committee to include location technology. That was rejected by  the majority, but they promised that they would work with me in order  to bring that about.   Despite a lot of reaching out, et cetera, it didn't happen. I am once  again offering legislation to establish that there will be location  technology applied to multiline telephone systems. I think it is  essential, and I don't know anyone who would disagree with that. It  just didn't happen. It is not in this bill. But I think that it is  important to highlight, as we celebrate the work that has been done,  the important step that this takes, that there is a hole in it.   So as has been said by other Members, we are approaching the 50th  anniversary next week of the first 911 call ever made in our country. I  would like to urge my colleagues to work with me to build on the  important progress that this bill represents, Kari's Law, to ensure  that all multiline telephone systems provide a caller's location when  they dial 911 so that the full breadth and depth of an emergency system  actually reaches them.   Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member for yielding time to me.   