 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4771, the Small Bank  Holding Company Relief Act of 2018. This bill is another Republican-led  measure to roll back appropriately tailored policies to regulate the  financial services sector that ignores the hard-learned lessons of the  catastrophic 2008 financial crisis.   We have seen this same flawed approach in H.R. 10, which I called the  ``Wrong Choice Act,'' last year, and we are seeing it again in the  Senate as it considers advancing Senator Crapo's Wall Street giveaway,  which includes a provision identical to the bill that we are  considering today, along with several other harmful provisions.   The Federal Reserve's Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement was  first issued in 1980 to enable the transfer of ownership of small  community banks by allowing small, noncomplex bank holding companies to  operate with higher levels of debt than would normally be permitted.   The original policy statement established a threshold of bank holding  companies with less than $150 million in assets, but this level was  increased to $500 million in 2006.   The policy statement allows certain small bank holding companies and  savings and loan holding companies to hold more debt at the holding  company level than would otherwise be allowed by capital requirements  if the debt is used to finance up to 75 percent of an acquisition of  another bank. Put another way, the policy statement is important  because it allows small institutions like community banks and minority- owned insured depository institutions to access additional debt so they  can continue serving their communities without compromising bank safety  and soundness.   Thus, it is important that the threshold level be carefully  calibrated so it cannot be abused by speculative investors. If the  threshold is raised too high, it will encourage more mergers and  acquisitions, riskier banking activities, and reduced banking services  and credit availability to rural, low-income, minority, and underserved  communities.   In 2014, Democrats worked with Republicans to examine this threshold  and reached a reasonable compromise to raise the threshold to $1  billion. This change was implemented only after closely consulting with  regulators to determine the appropriate threshold level to help  community banks grow without making them targets for mergers and  acquisitions.   The $1 billion threshold is sensible and reasonable in light of the  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's exhaustive study several years  ago on the definition of ``community bank.'' While the FDIC factors in  other considerations, their definition of a community bank includes a  dollar threshold of banks with less than $1 billion in assets.   According to 2016 data from the Federal Reserve, 87 percent of all  bank holding companies are covered by the current $1 billion threshold.  This means that a large majority of the industry currently benefits  from the adjusted 2014 threshold increase in the policy statement,  including all truly small community banks.   Furthermore, it is worth highlighting that the bipartisan compromise  reached in 2014 included other important safeguards, such as excluding  any bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies with  less than $1 billion that are engaged in significant nonbanking  activities. It also gives the Federal Reserve the ability to exclude  any bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies from  the policy statement, regardless of size, if it concludes that the  exclusion is warranted for supervisory purposes.   But my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have not hesitated  to try and push the threshold higher. Last Congress, just a little more  than a year after a bipartisan compromise to increase the threshold,  Republicans pushed through the House another bill, H.R. 3791, that  would have significantly increased the threshold from $1 billion to $5  billion. That bill faced a veto threat from the Obama administration,  as it should have, and it went nowhere in the Senate.    Last year, Chairman Hensarling included a provision in H.R. 10, the  ``Wrong Choice Act,'' to drastically raise the $1 billion threshold to  $10 billion. Because the Senate now appears set to move a bill that  raises the threshold, but to nowhere near that level, we now find  ourselves back on the floor of the House today considering a new bill  to triple the threshold from $1 billion to $3 billion.   While it is a slightly less drastic increase than the one in the bill  Republicans pushed through the House last Congress, tripling the policy  statement threshold to $3 billion so soon since the last threshold  increase is still unwise. There simply has not been sufficient time to  see what effect doubling the policy statement threshold from $500  million to $1 billion really means for community banks.   Congress should at least examine the data and understand the effects  of the last change before making another one. We should not ignore the  concerns raised by experts that this approach will allow small banks to  take on more debt than they otherwise need and may actually promote  mergers and acquisitions so that we have fewer community banks, not  more.   While Republicans push bills like H.R. 4771 in the name of helping  community banks, this is yet another proposal that would likely result  in fewer, not more, community banks.   Even the Treasury Department under this President, President Trump,  only recommended raising the threshold to $2 billion. So they are $1  billion even beyond what the President supports. That was in a report  issued last year.   As I mentioned, H.R. 4771 is one of the many harmful provisions in  Senator Crapo's financial deregulatory bill that is advanced in the  Senate. Senator Crapo's bill also includes many other harmful rollbacks  that would fundamentally weaken our framework. It would roll back  certain stress testing requirements for megabanks like Wells Fargo and  would exempt or weaken enhanced standards for many of the large banks  in the country.   The Senate bill also would gut rules for foreign banks like Deutsche  Bank and Credit Suisse.   It would also eliminate a requirement that many banks collect and  publicly report critical Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, or HMDA, data.  HMDA data is used for many important policy purposes, including to  identify mortgage lending discrimination against many Latinos, African  Americans, and other minority groups.   I could go on and on, but the list is longer than the time that we  have allotted. The bottom line is I strongly urge my colleagues to  reject H.R. 4771 and the other efforts by congressional Republicans and  this administration to deregulate Wall Street and the banking industry  and roll back the clock to a time not long ago when we had weak  [[Page H985]]  oversight and few safeguards that protect consumers, investors, and  taxpayers.   You can see what is happening. At one point, the opposite side of the  aisle said: ``Let's jump to $5 billion.'' And then, Mr. Hensarling  said: ``No, let's jump to $10 billion.'' This is done without any  thought or consideration for what they are doing and the risks that  they are placing on these little banks to be bought up and the mergers  to take place.   You can see there is no real thought, no real review, no real  consideration given when you say: ``Let's go from $1 billion to $3  billion to $5 billion to $10 billion, whatever we can get.'' We are  saying: ``No, that is wrong. Don't do that. Don't do that to these  community banks.''   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I don't know what the  other side wants. They want $5 billion at one point, they want $10  billion at one point, and now they want $3 billion. They just throw it  up against the wall and hope something sticks, and we are saying: Don't  put these community banks at risk.   Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Michigan (Mr. Kildee), the vice ranking member of the Financial  Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Al Green).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional  30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I think it is important for us to understand the support  that community banks have gotten from this side of the aisle.   I know that my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle,  oftentimes, advance the argument that they are the only ones who care  about community banks and that we don't understand community banks.  And, oftentimes, they have arguments that basically would have one  conclude that we don't really advance the cause of community banks.   I would just like to remind my colleagues in this Congress of the  work that we have done in support of community banks. We have  supported, and successfully supported, less frequent exams for well- rated community banks with less than $1 billion. The exam cycle is now  18 months instead of 12 months for these strong small banks.   We took into consideration the concerns of community banks about the  examiners coming too often, disturbing the banks, oftentimes, tying up  the personnel in the bank. So we agreed to not have them come in every  12 months and to extend that so that 18 months will give some relief to  the community banks so that they don't have to deal with the auditors  in such a way that disturbs the bank.   We also moved successfully to eliminate an annual privacy notice for  community banks and credit unions whose policies have not changed and  the consumer has already notified. Well, we did that. We eliminated  these annual privacy notices for the community banks and for credit  unions who have not changed their policies, and there is no need to  have to continue to insist that they have these annual privacy notices.   Well, we went further with less stringent SEC registration rules for  small thrifts, providing parity with other banks; and access to credit  for privately insured credit unions, allowing them to join the Federal  Home Loan Banks program; improving mortgage licensing for community  banks and credit unions by allowing regulator access to the nationwide  mortgage licensing system and registry, while maintaining  confidentiality protections.   I just cite this because it is so important to understand what we  have done on this side of the aisle to ensure that our community banks  are strong, that they are there for our communities, that they provide  the loans, that they  [[Page H988]]  assist in developing our communities. What we don't understand  oftentimes is why our friends on the opposite side of the aisle, in the  name of community banks, will come with proposals that hurt community  banks.   We have pointed out that our friends on the opposite side of the  aisle have gone so far as to try and get everyone to believe that we  should increase this amount of debt that they could carry up to $10  billion. That is totally irresponsible, totally. And even when they  attempted to go to $5 billion, totally irresponsible, down to $3  billion, because I guess they just say: Well, we have to try to get  some more opportunities for small banks to carry this debt.   Well, they don't answer the question about what happens when these  small community banks are burdened with debt that they cannot take care  of, that they cannot pay. They don't talk about the fact that that is  going to cause the community bank to close. And they certainly don't  talk about putting them in a position where they will be brought up.   So I would simply say for those of us who have proven our support for  community banks and who continue to engage with community banks about  what we can do to ensure their strength, to ensure that they are there  to provide the loans in the neighborhoods and in the communities that  they serve, I think we have identified ourselves and we have defined  ourselves. We would simply ask those who are listening to this debate  to continue to know and understand what is happening between these  different sides of the aisle, to look at what we have done, and to  understand how we have been helpful in our support for community banks.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would just like to remind my colleagues on the  opposite side of the aisle that the community banks with $1 billion to  $5 billion in assets already have sufficient access to capital markets  and, as a group, are exhibiting help and resilience.    Raising a threshold to exempt banks with over $1 billion from  important minimum leverage and capital requirements will do little more  than encourage banks to take on debt--as I have reminded you time and  time again today--endangering their soundness and potentially depriving  their customers of much-needed banking services should the bank fail.   Setting the consolidated assets threshold at $1 billion was a  bipartisan decision that struck a balance between allowing small banks  to access capital to better serve their customers and ensuring their  safety and soundness. Raising the threshold would be an unnecessary and  risky change.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Okay. So we have heard it again. We hate Dodd-Frank. We hate Dodd- Frank. We hate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. We don't  believe that Dodd-Frank should have created the reforms that they did.   Just forget about the fact that there was a subprime meltdown in  2008, that this country went into a recession, almost a depression.  Throw all of that out of the window. Forget about what was happening  when the big banks failed and we bailed them all out. Forget about  reforms.   Oh, how much we hate Dodd-Frank. We just blame Dodd-Frank for  everything.   Please. I think that, as credible legislators, we are beyond the  point of wrapping up everything that we don't like and accusing Dodd- Frank reforms for causing problems to everything and everybody,  including the community banks. The fact of the matter is, if we want to  strengthen, preserve, and make sure community banks are available to  our communities, we won't take on public policy that would put them at  risk with having more debt than they can take care of, and we won't put  them at risk of being bought up and these mergers taking place.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further  requests for time and I am prepared to close, so I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, Democrats support targeted, measured relief for our  community financial institutions. We recognize that these smaller banks  and credit unions intimately know their communities and how best to  serve them. But we also know that changes to the rules that are  designed to ensure that community banks are safe and sound can have  unintended consequences.   While community banks did not cause the 2008 financial crisis, they  were at the center of another crisis just two decades before. When I  came to the Financial Services Committee, thousands of savings and loan  holding companies were failing and causing serious harm to the  communities they were supposed to serve. This was due, in part, to the  fact that lawmakers thought it was wise to weaken safeguards on these  savings and loan holding companies, allowing them to take on more  leverage and offer riskier products. I fear that Congress will again  pass legislation today that will ultimately cause harm to both the very  community banks we want to help and the hardworking Americans that rely  on them.   And now, Republicans are trying to raise the threshold as high as  possible. In the chairman's ``Wrong Choice Act,'' he would raise the  threshold tenfold, to $10 billion. At the end of last Congress,  Republicans sought to raise it to $5 billion. A few months ago, the  Trump administration recommended raising it to $2 billion, and now, a  little less than 3 years after we reached a bipartisan compromise, we  are inexplicably considering legislation to raise it to $3 billion.   I tried to tell you just a few moments ago, they don't know. They are  just throwing it up against the wall: whatever we can get. Next they  will be asking for $20 billion. No, you have moved away from $10  billion; you have moved away from $5 billion; now you are at $3  billion. Your President wants $2 billion. We say, leave it as it is.   Mr. Speaker, if you are listening to this and feeling dizzy, it is  understandable. None of these levels are backed by the same careful  consideration Congress gave to the threshold 2 years ago, and I am  afraid it is exactly the kind of legislating that set the groundwork  for the savings and loan crisis and left thousands of communities  without access to banking services.   When I came on, Members of Congress were fleeing the old Banking  Committee. They wanted to get out of there because they had been  responsible for public policy that had put the S&L business at risk,  and now that was all failing. They were fleeing it, and they were  punishing people, all the new Members coming on, and making them go on  this committee because they knew that they had nobody else to serve on  it.    So I have been there. I have seen it. I have experienced it. I am a  part of Dodd-Frank reforms. I served on the conference committee. I  worked with Dodd. I worked with Frank. I know what we should be doing.   Before I close, I would like to remind my colleagues that this bill  and many of the other one-off financial services bills Republicans are  pushing should really be viewed as setting the table for the dangerous  deregulatory package making it through the Senate. That package, which  our committee has not even considered to thoroughly understand the  interactions of all the rollbacks it contains, weakens oversight of  Wall Street and the Nation's largest banks under the guise of community  bank relief.   H.R. 4771 is one of the many provisions in the Senate bill that, when  taken together, will risk further bailouts and harm homeownership in  America. Every time this House passes another provision of that bigger  bill, we make it more likely that critical safeguards and protections  will be eviscerated at the expense of our Nation's homeowners and  consumers.   I urge all Members to soundly reject H.R. 4771 today and to reject  the larger Senate legislation if it comes to the House. I comfortably  say, despite the fact that my friends on the opposite side of the aisle  are trying to frame this in a certain way, they really don't know what  they are doing. Reject this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.   