 Mr. Speaker, distinguished Members, and guests. It is my  privilege to welcome Congressman Troy Balderson to represent Ohio's  12th District, succeeding Representative Pat Tiberi, who chose to  retire before completing his term.   Let us congratulate you and your coalition for a hard-fought campaign  victory. We all know the demands required to compete in any election,  and yours drew so much national attention.   It is estimated that over $10.5 million was expended overall on the  race, about 60 times what the job pays. So let me offer an idea,  perhaps on a bipartisan basis, that Ohio's Representatives could join  together to lead our Nation to finally limit campaign spending and be  the first State to end this mad dash to excess cash. The money chase is  a real scourge on the very foundation of representative government.   Representative Balderson has served the State of Ohio in the State  House of Representatives as well as most recently the State Senate. He  is a father to one son, as well as an elder in his church. He now  embarks on a new journey of service.   From Zanesville, Ohio, he will represent the centrally located  counties of Franklin, Marion, Muskingum, and Richland, which include a  segment of Ohio's capital and our largest city, Columbus, as well as  small towns and cities across central Ohio.   Representing a diverse set of communities is a hard job. But it is  the job radical gerrymandering has thrust on us. As Representatives in  this people's House, we are designed to be the body closest to the  American people. We know the people of America want reform. They want  solutions. They want action. Our public is demanding that we work  together to find common ground on the great challenges facing our  Nation.   Let us find that common ground by recalling the powerful words of  Daniel Webster carved in this Chamber high above the Speaker's rostrum:  ``Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers,  build up its institutions, promote all its great interests, and see  whether we also in our day and generation may not perform something  worthy to be remembered.''   Welcome to the United States House of Representatives, Representative  Troy Balderson.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Chabot).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Balderson).   