 Mr. Chairman, I rise to state my strong support of the  Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Act, or the  THRIVE Act.   In my district and across the Nation, the opioid epidemic has ravaged  communities, torn apart families, and destroyed the lives of everyday  Americans.   Opioid abuse and drug-related deaths are rising at alarming rates. In  my rural New York district, drug-related deaths rose over 350 percent  in the short period between 2012 and 2016.   Each day, I continue to hear from families across the 22nd District  affected by this epidemic. They share their stories of loss and triumph  and always urge me that more needs to be done. It is very difficult to  find anyone in our communities who hasn't been affected by addiction,  with either a family member or a friend. This week, we are delivering  on the promises we have made to those struggling with the pain of  addiction.   During a recent opioid roundtable that I hosted in Binghamton, New  York, a young woman named Jessica shared her story of opioid addiction  and recovery. Jessica's story is a story of loss, recovery, resilience,  and survival. At the end, Jessica stressed the importance of post- treatment programs to help those who are addicted to remain in recovery  programs and to avoid potential relapses.   The THRIVE Act begins the process of delivering on this important  element of addiction recovery by expanding transitional housing options  to those most in need.   Furthermore, the THRIVE Act focuses on evidence-based programs,  ensuring that those in recovery are given access to proven, high- quality transitional housing options.   I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Barr), for his  hard work in crafting this legislation to provide a better future for  those suffering from addiction.   Mr. Chairman, H.R. 5735 fills a critical void and will empower  countless individuals in my district to break free from the grips of  drug addiction.   I thank the chairman for providing me an opportunity to speak in  support of this important legislation.   