 For instance, Josh uses the Organic Certification Cost  Share Programs to help cover the cost of certification, which helps him  get more for his product. The funding for this and many other programs  is endangered in this farm bill.   Over the next 5 years, consumers will continue to change their buying  habits in our food system. The question is whether the Federal  Government would make good policy to help farmers like Josh.   Ask anyone in this Chamber if they support rural America, and they  will say, yes, absolutely. So I ask that we put our money where our  mouths are.   We should send the message to those keeping our farming communities  alive that we believe in their potential, we value their service, and  we will help them succeed by voting down this terribly partisan  legislation and start over on making a good bill.    Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Washington State  for yielding me the time and for speaking against this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I am sorry to say to my colleague from the other side of  the aisle, we oppose this amendment,  [[Page H4203]]  which would remove money from the highly successful Value Added  Producer Grant program.   The base text of this farm bill already removes all mandatory funding  from VAPG. Now this amendment would make a bad situation worse by  rescinding $8 million from VAPG.   The Value Added Producer Grant is one of the only grant programs that  goes directly to farmers.   At a time when the farm economy is hurting, we should be helping  farmers find new markets, not taking away opportunities to do so.   USDA's Economic Research Service released a new report earlier this  month. Businesses that receive VAPG support are less likely to fail  than nonrecipient businesses, and businesses that receive VAPG support  also employ more workers than nonrecipient businesses.   This amendment would also exclude beer, wine, distilled spirits, and  hard cider projects from being eligible for VAPG. It is completely  arbitrary and foolish to restrict these products.   In my State of Maine, there has been an explosion of craft breweries,  distilleries, and cideries that are contributing to the local economy.   Two years ago, Ricker Hill Orchards in Maine received VAPG money to  increase production of hard cider and fruit wine. This provided the  farmers with an opportunity to diversify revenue and reach new markets.   This may be a very small program, but it can make a big impact on  farmers and rural communities in States like mine and across the  country.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.   