 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to share with my colleagues  and the American people what I witnessed on a visit to a couple of  immigration detention facilities on our southern border and the stories  of the people, children, and infants being held there.   On a visit to an adult detention facility, I sat down with a group of  six mothers whose children had been taken from them. One of them, Anna,  had a 5-year-old daughter she brought with her to the United States.  After witnessing a brutal murder in her neighborhood and receiving  death threats in her home country, she decided to leave that country to  keep her 5-year-old daughter safe.   She traveled 3,000 miles to get to our southern border, and when she  finally arrived, she thought: I am safe. I made it. I am going to tell  them who I am and why I am here because I know I finally made it to  safety.   She flagged down Customs and Border Patrol agents thinking that they  would help her, but when she did, CBP officials arrested her. They took  her into custody, and then they separated her from her daughter. Anna's  daughter was put on a bus and driven hundreds of miles away.   As Anna was telling this story to me, every single one of the mothers  began to cry. Anna told me this was the first time she had ever been  separated from her 5-year-old daughter, and she had no idea--no idea-- where her daughter was and what they were doing with her. All of the  women, as Anna was telling me the story, had experienced the same  thing.   Each one of the women I spoke with had children under the age of 12  who were taken away from them. Their stories were the same. They had  all faced horrific gang violence and abuse in their home country and  fled to protect their families. They had been raped and tortured. They  saw loved ones killed before their very eyes.   Another one of the women I spoke with, Griselda, explained that in  her community, the gangs expect extortion payments every week from  business owners, such as herself, and if you can't pay, they come to  your house and kidnap or rape or kill your children.   One day, gang members came and started threatening her son. She knew  in that moment she had two options: stay and watch her son die or pack  up her children and run.   I asked the group of women: Why didn't you go to the police for help?  They explained to me that the police in their country are just as  corrupt as the gangs. In their country, there is no rule of law. There  are no protections. If you want to save your children's lives, your  only option is to run, and that is what these women did.  [[Page S4909]]    They came to the United States expecting to find freedom and  protection, but instead they were thrown in jail, and their children  were loaded on buses and driven away. These parents want to now know,  where are their children?   When they asked me, I told them I didn't have the information they  needed, and that I, too, was asking the same questions, but I promised  them I would take their stories back with me to Washington, DC, and  share them with the American people.   Because of President Trump's inhumane family separation policy, we  have almost 3,000 children separated from their parents. Their moms and  dads just want to have their children back in their arms.   Just recently, Secretary Azar testified that there is no reason why  any parent would not know where their child is located. Well, that is  absolutely false. I spoke with 10 mothers and fathers who have no clue  where their children are. They look at me with tears running down their  faces. They pleaded with me to help them find their children.   This administration gave no thought to the damage inflicted on these  families, and they clearly had no plan for how they would reunite them.   We have three different entities working to reunify these families.  Two are under the umbrella of the Department of Homeland Security, U.S.  Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement,  and one under the Department of Health and Human Services, the Office  of Refugee Resettlement, but none of them are working together. As a  result, the Trump administration has missed its court-ordered deadline  to reunite young children under 5 with their parents.   There are 102 children under 5 years old waiting to be reunited with  their families, but as far as we know, only 4 families have been  united.   The Trump administration has been ordered to reunite up to 3,000  children with their parents by July 26, but they are on track to miss  that deadline too.   In the midst of all of this, HHS officials discovered they have been  holding a toddler, who may be a U.S. citizen, in detention for over a  year. How could that be possible? How could the reunification process  be so erratic, inefficient, and slow?   This administration has been making excuses left and right, trying to  pin the blame on anyone but themselves. They have suggested that the  reunification process is slow because too many Members of Congress are  taking tours of these detention facilities. I couldn't help but laugh  when I heard that because I can guarantee you, I was not taking a tour  when I tried to enter a children's detention facility, and they locked  me out. They would not let me in. I was not allowed in to check on the  condition of these children or even to talk to anyone in charge about  how they were taking care of children, toddlers, and infants--kids  under the age of 12 who have been separated from their parents, many  for the first time.   I was there to find out how taxpayer money was being spent and how  the kids were being treated, but the facilities manager locked the door  and gave me the number for a communications director to call to seek  assistance. With a handful of exceptions, most of my colleagues have  also been turned away.   The Trump administration is also saying they are having trouble  locating some of the parents. Part of the problem is, at least 12 of  the parents with children under 5 years old have already been deported.  Can you imagine that? Babies who can't even speak have no clue where  their moms and dads went, and they might never know.   The Trump administration can't pin the blame for this on Congress,  Democrats, or anyone else. They are missing the deadline for one reason  and one reason only: because they never made a plan to reunite these  families. They never intended to.   They didn't have a plan 2 weeks ago, when I went down to the border,  and they don't have one now. They created this chaos with no plan to  put the broken pieces back together.   They had to start from scratch trying to locate parents and children  detained across the country, and now we are hearing heartbreaking  stories of reunification--toddlers who do not recognize their mothers  anymore. The physiological trauma this administration has inflicted on  these children will last a lifetime.   So, today, I am calling on President Trump to finally do his job and  provide us with a concrete plan. I want to see results, and I will not  stop fighting until every child has been reunited with their parents.  Stop making excuses. Stop blaming Democrats for the crisis you created,  President Trump.   The other thing I keep hearing from this administration and from  President Trump's allies is, the Democrats want open borders. This is  not about open borders. I support strong, secure borders. I have spent  my career fighting to uphold the law as the attorney general of the  State of Nevada for 8 years, fighting to secure our borders. It is not  about secure borders. We need a plan to reunite these families because  this is about our values. This is about human rights. This is about who  we are as a country, and separating families is not who we are. We do  not tear babies out of their mothers' arms.   We have always--always--had a guiding principle when it comes to  children: We do no harm. Whether they are Honduran children, Guatemalan  children, Salvadoran children, or American children, we do no harm.   I call on President Trump, abandon your inhumane, zero tolerance  immigration policy; abandon the heartless decision to separate  families.   We should be looking for humane, cost-effective alternatives to  detention for families fleeing violence. We don't need the Department  of Defense to build internment camps for babies, toddlers, and kids.   Locking up families who are seeking asylum under the laws we have put  in place to protect them will be a moral stain on our country for  generations to come.   President Trump, the American people demand that you explain how you  plan to reunite these families you have scarred forever and whom you  ripped apart. Work with Democrats to solve the refugee crisis in  Central America. Don't treat innocent parents and children as political  pawns. Don't turn your back on everything this country stands for.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   