 Mr. Speaker, Janus v. AFSCME comes down to a binary  choice: will the U.S. stand up for the fundamental right of workers to  form a union and collectively bargain; or will the Supreme Court allow  large corporations to continue their assault on hard-working Americans.   Unions are a vital part of our nation. Decades ago, Congress  protected the right of workers to join together and bargain for better  wages, regular work hours and improved safety conditions, giving  workers a voice when negotiating with large corporations.   Despite their role in creating and maintaining America's working  middle class, unions are under relentless attack.   It is no coincidence that a dramatic rise in income inequality  coincides with a nation-wide campaign against unionization.   American workers have become more productive, yet wages have  stagnated. Their hard work has created billions of dollars in profits,  all while working longer hours for less pay and fewer benefits.   Endless attacks have been launched against workers' overtime pay,  retirement savings, and health care.   The tax code was just tilted even more toward the wealthiest  individuals and corporations.   Corporate profits were at all-time highs before the tax cut.   Unions ensure workers can fight for their fair share of the profits  they help create.   On average, unionized workers earn $207 more per week than non- unionized workers. Unionized workers have greater access to paid  holidays, paid sick leave, life insurance, medical, and retirement  benefits.   Unionized workforces lead to less turnover for employers and more  highly skilled workers. Children of union members are more likely to  climb the ladder to the middle class. States with higher union density  have better workplace laws.   The foundation of U.S. labor law has held firm for nearly 70 years.  American standards are what we strive to hold other countries to when  negotiating trade deals, yet these standards are constantly under  attack.   The Supreme Court will soon hear oral arguments in Janus v. AFSCME, a  case that could fundamentally end collective bargaining.   The question of ``fair share'' was settled by the Supreme Court years  ago. Unions are required by law to represent and negotiate on behalf of  all public sector employees, regardless of whether or not a worker  decides to formally join the union.   Fair share fees support that requirement and ensure no worker is  required to join the union and no one is forced to pay any fees that go  toward politics or candidates they disagree agree with. But all  employees benefit from union negotiations. It is only fair that all  employees contribute.   This is already the law. Janus is just another in a long line of  attacks on unions and workers.   Since Republicans took control of the House in 2011, they have  convened more than 30 hearings and markups to undermine workers' rights  in the Education and the Workforce Committee alone.   Rather than attacking workers' rights, we should focus on raising  wages and improving working conditions for all Americans. We should  work to ensure paid family, sick and medical leave, improve access to  child care, and ensure access to quality, affordable health care for  all Americans.   It's time for my colleagues to turn their words into actions. It's  time to support unions and the American worker. The real middle class.   