 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  the House amendment to S. 2497, the Ileana Ros-Lehtinen United States- Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018.   This bill would enshrine in law the 2016 U.S. Memorandum of  Understanding that the Obama Administration reached with Israel.   This landmark agreement provides for historic levels of security  cooperation with and assistance to Israel. Enacting this legislation  would send an unmistakable message to Israel's enemies that the  American commitment to Israel's security is ironclad.   Israel continually faces threats from all sides, and we have the  responsibility to be sure that Israelis have everything they need in  order to defend her citizens.   Whether it's missiles, tunnels, arson kites, or potential border  breaches from Hamas in Gaza, rockets from Hezbollah in Lebanon, drones  from Iranian forces in Syria, or whatever other lethal attempt may be  devised, Israel must be ready to combat whatever comes her way.   Mr. Speaker, Israel's security is nonnegotiable. With enemies  committed to the country's destruction throughout the entirety of its  70-year existence, Israel's qualitative military edge is absolutely  necessary, and I am pleased that this bill ensures that this edge will  be maintained.   Even amidst persistent security threats, Israel has been a remarkable  leader in technological and humanitarian endeavors. This legislation,  by enhancing U.S.-Israeli cooperation in space exploration and  international development, will strengthen both of our countries and  many other parts of the world.   Mr. Speaker, as we work on a bipartisan basis to ensure that the  U.S.-Israel relationship remains strong far into the future, I can  think of no more fitting namesake for this bill than my friend and  colleague, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen.   Israel has a true friend and supporter in Ileana, and as she departs  at the end of this Congress, we will all be well served to follow her  example of working across the aisle to ensure that American support for  Israel remains unbreakable.   To that end, I proudly urge the passage of the Ileana Ros-Lehtinen  United States-Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018.   