 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, Congressman  Waters, for pulling this little surprise together.   I thank Marcy Kaptur. It is so great to be able to stand on the floor  of the House and laud one of our great, great Members on her great  achievement of serving here for 36 years in the House of  Representatives. She continues every day to bring her intelligence and  persistence to issues from labor and working people to Ukraine.   Her accomplishments are enormous. She was the first in her family to  graduate from high school. She earned a BA and an MA, served in the  White House, and now is the longest serving woman in Congress.   Marcy has never forgotten her blue-collar roots. She knows the  importance of unions in providing job security and good wages. She has  focused on making sure that workers get their earned pension benefits.  This is a big issue right now that she is leading the charge on.   I feel, and have felt from the beginning, a special affinity, being a  midwesterner and coming to this Congress with these Midwestern values:  nothing fancy; it is just about working people who want a good life and  deserve to get it.   Marcy can match anybody with her understanding in the details of  pension policy. She always stays focused on the fundamental goal of  pensions, which is simply making sure that, after a life of hard work,  women and men can retire with dignity and security, something that I am  afraid is in too short supply today. Marcy is continuing to lead that  battle.   Marcy has been an expert on trade policy. I learned that early on in  my tenure here in the House. On the 10th anniversary of NAFTA, Marcy,  with the help of the Teamsters union, organized a visit and took a  group of us first to the border city of El Paso, Texas, to look at and  talk to people who had lost their jobs and had moved across the border.   We then crossed the border to Ciudad Juarez, where we actually saw  people living in the packing crates of the products they were working  to manufacture at the maquiladoras.   So, on both sides of the border, we saw the pain that was caused.  [[Page H1598]]    On that trip, we went to Mexico City, talked to leaders, talked to  union leaders and political leaders, government leaders. We also went  to the city of Puebla and talked to people there. It was a really  comprehensive trip that gave us a sense of what happens to people when  they are not being considered when policies are being made.   She continues today, as we renegotiate the NAFTA agreement and the  administration works on that, to have input on what a really fair trade  deal looks like--not just free trade, but fair trade--where it is not  just the big corporations, but it is the workers in all the countries,  in the United States of America and the workers in countries that we  have trade agreements with, and that all the workers get a fair deal.   Marcy fights for people who played by the rules, faithfully going to  work every day and making their pension contributions. They are  counting on her and us to fight for them and to fight for a middle  class in this country to help people who are poor get to the middle  class and stay there. Those people--our people--could not have a better  champion in this United States House of Representatives, in this  Congress, than Marcy Kaptur of Ohio.   I love you, Marcy.   