 Mr. President, I have submitted amendment No. 2955 to  H.R. 5895 on behalf of Senator Jeanne Shaheen. I strongly support the  provision's intent to ensure that veterans in New Hampshire receive the  best possible care.    Mr. President, I begin tonight by thanking my colleague  Senator Merkley for his leadership on this issue.   I rise to join my Democratic colleagues and millions of Americans who  have been appalled and outraged at the humanitarian crisis that  President Trump has created on our southern border.   Make no mistake, these past few weeks have truly been an affront to  our American values. By now, we have all witnessed the horrifying  reality--the images of children being held in cages, the cries of  screaming kids who have no idea where their parents are being taken or  if they will ever see them again.   The Department of Homeland Security announced that between May 5 and  June 9, the Department took 2,300 children--approximately 70 children  per day--from their parents. Pediatricians, psychologists, and health  professionals have made clear the lasting harm of these forced  separations. According to experts, when children are forcibly removed  from their parents, the amount of toxic stress can cause neurons in the  brain to be killed off, leaving damage that impacts brain development  and can cause long-term behavioral health issues, although no parent  needs a doctor to tell them that.   The fact that our government has engaged in this type of physical and  psychological damage to children is morally reprehensible. These  actions have been unacceptable and completely unnecessary.   Let's be clear. The President created this crisis, and over the past  days and weeks, the President and his administration made false claim  after false claim, saying that there was nothing they could do to  reverse the President's own actions. The fact that the President bowed  to pressure and signed an Executive order today cannot undo the trauma  that has already been inflicted.   We cannot forget about the children and parents that remain separated  tonight, and immediate action must be taken to reunite children with  their families. Earlier tonight, there were reports that the Department  of Health and Human Services will not--will not--make special efforts  to reunite children who have already been separated from families  because of the President's actions. We cannot and will not accept this  continued brutality. The President must act immediately to reunite  these children with their parents. Surely the U.S. Government is  capable of that.   In the United States of America, we must work to secure our border in  a manner that reflects our values, and I am committed to working with  anyone on comprehensive bipartisan immigration reform.   Separating children from their families was an abhorrent policy to  pursue, and it will forever mark a dark and shameful period in our  country's history.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   