 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding  and for the opportunity to speak at this Special Order hour.   Mr. Speaker, as the former secretary of labor and head of personnel  for the State of Delaware, I am here this evening on the floor of the  House to lend my voice in support of the thousands of men and women  across the country who are dedicated public servants who currently  belong to public sector labor unions; who teach our children, pave our  roads, protect us, care for our seniors; who don't receive huge  salaries; who don't work in palatial offices; and whose very right to  organize and collectively bargain is under attack.   At the end of February, the Supreme Court is set to hear a case,  Janus v. AFSCME Council 31, which is simply another attempt to weaken  the rights of public sector employees in the fight for better pay, paid  sick leave, and the ability to one day retire with dignity.   Mr. Speaker, the plaintiff in this case seeks to bar the ability for  public sector unions from collecting fair share fees. Fair share fees  are collected from public sector employees to help their unions  negotiate for better wages, benefits, and protections.   It is important to note that no union can be effective at negotiating  with employers unless the employees who reap the benefits of these  negotiations pay for the collective bargaining--even if they are not  members of the union.   The Supreme Court has already ensured that a union's political  activities and their collective bargaining activities are separate from  their fair share dues. No public sector worker is being asked to  contribute funds to causes to which they do not agree. It should be  noted that unions go through painstaking detail to ensure that no funds  are misused.   When our first responders, teachers, and public sector workers come  together and form strong unions, they win benefits, like better working  conditions, better wages, healthcare, and retirement security, which  also benefit nonunion members.   As our economy shifts and the wealth gap grows, the protective power  of unions must be strengthened, not weakened. Without the freedom to  come together, working people would not have the power in numbers they  need to make our communities and our country more prosperous.   Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that the Justices will see the value,  need, and success of public sector collective bargaining and that  everyone must pay their fair share.   