 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory and in celebration  of my friend and mentor, Senator Daniel Kahikina Akaka, who took his  final breath exactly 1 week ago today.   I was in Hawaii and woke up very early to a text message from one of  his children, who let me know that he had passed away around 5 o'clock  that last morning. We all took that day to remember him and his life  and to think back on the memories that we have of how he dedicated his  life to serving the people of Hawaii and our country.   From his service in the U.S. Army back during World War II, to his  years that he spent taking care of our ``children,'' ``keiki,'' as a  public school teacher and a principal, his work in the State, and then  serving more than 36 years in the United States Congress.   He was the first Member of Congress to serve of Native Hawaiian  ancestry and made history in many different ways.   He is known throughout Hawaii for so many reasons, but when you say  the word ``Akaka,'' it is synonymous with ``aloha,'' because that is  what he represented throughout his life. And the warmth and the  fondness, the love and the kindness that he shared with everyone, made  it so that he was not known so much as Senator Akaka so much as Uncle  Danny.   He did all of this with his wife, Millie, by his side. Mother of five  children, Auntie Millie herself is a force of nature. She was ever- present here in Washington, with Senator Akaka in his travels, and  expressed aloha in her own way.   In everything he did, Senator Akaka put service before self. He truly  walked the talk. He carried the spirit of aloha with him in his heart  and at the forefront of his actions.   Now in the last week, the people of Hawaii, many people across the  country, many of our colleagues here in Washington have been sharing  their own personal stories about how Senator Akaka touched and inspired  their lives, talking about the legacy that he left behind and the  example that he set with his life.    And the central theme in each of these stories that I have heard all  comes back to aloha. ``Aloha,'' which means kindness, respect, and love  for others, regardless of any differences that we may have, whether  they be by race, ethnicity, religion, socioeconomic status, or anything  else.   To this day, here in the Capitol, sometimes I will bump into some of  his former colleagues in the U.S. Senate, even here people he served  with in the U.S. House, and as soon as you mention his name, you can  kind of see their shoulders fall, their stress fall away, and they get  a smile on their face as they think about the time that they had  serving with him.   They will have little stories about a codel that they went on with  him or a committee that they served on with him, and they always talk  about how kind he was. No matter who you were, no matter what was going  on around you, he always took that moment to share the warmth of his  own heart with yours.   This even came from those who disagreed with him. This even came from  those who fought him hardest on the signature bill that he tried to  pass, the Akaka bill.   Even if they opposed his policies, none of them had anything ill to  say of him.   This speaks to the impact that he left on the United States Capitol,  on Washington, on this country, and on Hawaii.   And it speaks to the legacy that he leaves behind that will continue  to inspire leaders of our country and leaders in our community, people  everywhere, to serve in their own lives in that same spirit of aloha  and respect for everyone.   After I returned from my first deployment to Iraq with the Hawaii  Army National Guard, I had the privilege of being able to work in  Senator Akaka's office as a legislative aide. He was chairman of the  Veterans' Affairs Committee at the time, and coming back, this was a  great opportunity, I felt, to be able to help him in that service to  help make reforms and changes to our VA and our country's policies and  how our veterans are cared for, in particular the post-9/11 veterans,  in particular the large number of National Guard and reservists who  were being activated to serve in the Middle East, and who were not  being treated with the kind of respect and honor and dignity that they  had earned through their service. This included everything from the GI  Bill to VA services and qualifications that they earned.   I was able to experience firsthand on a daily basis the impact that  he made, his example of aloha. Taking the time as he was rushing to a  committee or rushing to vote to stop and say ``hello'' to the janitor  who was mopping the floor; to stop and say ``aloha'' to visitors who  were coming from Hawaii or from other States; to stop and talk to the  staff and ask how they were doing, how was their family, how were  things going.   He invested in building lifelong relationships. He spent that quality  time, whether it was short or long, because he understood how important  every individual is, and how he wanted to take advantage of that moment  to share his aloha, recognizing that only by working together, only  through aloha and bringing people together, can we make real positive  change.   For those of us who had the opportunity to work with Senator Akaka,  either in his office in Washington, in Hawaii, on one of his campaigns,  or in some capacity, we have bonded over the years; and every year we  got together with Senator Akaka, his wife, and his family to celebrate  his birthday in September of every year.   During this last year, this past September, I was able to spend some  time with him and chatted a bit. And as he always does, he asked: How  are things going in Washington? And he expressed his sadness about how  divisive things have become, how the kind of collegiality and respect  that existed when he was serving in the U.S. Senate for so many years  that allowed people to disagree without being disagreeable, that  allowed people to debate strongly their disagreements on issues but  come together at the end of the day to find a solution, that that has  largely been lost.   And as a result, we are seeing the gridlock and the divisiveness and  the lack of results, the lack of delivery to our constituents, in large  part, because  [[Page H3312]]  of no aloha. This respect has largely been lost. He has always spoken  about how aloha is the solution.   So as we remember Senator Akaka's legacy of service and aloha, the  best way that we can honor his life is by doing our best to live aloha  in his example: serving others; doing our best to protect our planet;  finding common ground where we can; seeing that even though we may  disagree on certain issues, there will be others that we agree on;  fighting for justice; fighting for equality; and fighting for peace.   He was a courageous leader. I am grateful to have the opportunity to  serve my constituents in Hawaii in the same congressional seat that he  once held, and I will forever be inspired by his friendship and the  life that he lived.   ``Thanks very much,'' ``Mahalo nui loa,'' to his wife, Auntie Millie,  and to his entire family for sharing him with us, and thank you to  Uncle Danny for sharing your aloha with the world.   You will be missed. ``Until we meet again,'' ``a hui hou.''   