 Mr. President, I rise to speak out against the  nomination of Randal Quarles to be a member of the Board of Governors  of the Federal Reserve System.   Mr. Quarles served in the Bush administration's Treasury Department  in the years that led up to the financial crisis of 2008. His failure  to take action to prevent this crisis led to hundreds of thousands of  foreclosures and evictions in my home State of Nevada. Nevada was  ground zero for the financial crisis. We were the hardest hit of any  State in the country. We had the highest foreclosure rate for 62 months  straight, and we had the highest number of underwater mortgages. Banks  took the homes of more than 219,000 Nevada families. Anyone driving  through parts of Las Vegas and Reno in 2009 could see boarded-up  houses, ``for sale'' signs, and empty lots everywhere. On many streets,  you would see more houses in foreclosure than not.   I was attorney general in Nevada at this time. My team and I did  everything we could to fight for homeowners and help them save their  homes. We sued the big banks and secured $1.9 billion to create the  Home Again: Nevada Homeowner Relief Program to help Nevadans stay in  their homes.   As all of this was going on, I knew there was only so much we could  do at the State level. We needed real change at the Federal level to  prevent the financial crisis from ever happening again. The Federal  regulators should have protected Nevada homeowners, but instead they  protected the big banks. I ran for a seat in the Senate because I  wanted to change the system. I wanted to put rules in place that  protected Nevadans, not Wall Street bankers. That is why I cannot, in  good conscience, support Randal Quarles' nomination to a 14-year term  as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve.   Randal Quarles was one of those policymakers in the Bush  administration who let the big banks write their own rules. Maybe  things would be different if he had learned the lessons of the  financial crisis, if he had demonstrated any understanding that radical  financial deregulation only helps the big banks, but Randal Quarles has  been sitting on the Fed's Board of Governors since October of last  year. Since then, he has advocated for policies that weaken oversight  of the financial system, let big banks gamble with depositors' money,  and undermine protections for consumers and homeowners.   Over a decade has passed since the rules he helped write caused  hundreds of thousands of Nevadans to lose their homes, and he still  hasn't learned his lesson. He is pushing the same agenda that led to  the financial crisis in 2008. The mistakes he made as a member of the  Bush administration devastated families and communities in my home  State.   Now the Senate is about to reward him with a position--the Vice Chair  of Supervision--that he will hold for the next 14 years. He will be the  lead on writing the rules that govern Wall Street and the banks. I  don't trust him to put families first. I don't believe he will make our  financial systems safer and more fair. Randal Quarles shouldn't be  allowed to oversee our financial system for 14 minutes. I refuse to  rubberstamp his nomination for a position that lasts 14 years.   I yield the floor.   