 Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee of Mr. Hastings of  Florida, and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment No. 4, which I am offering with  Congressman Hastings, would designate an additional $5 million for the  training and retention of cybersecurity professionals under the  defense-wide operation and maintenance account.   We discuss cybersecurity frequently here in Congress because  cyberspace touches everything. As a former computer programer and a  member of both the Armed Services Committee and the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee, I can tell you that we rely on cyberspace for so  much: our military, schools, businesses, State and local governments.   We all understand the importance of prioritizing cybersecurity and  the defense of cyberspace, because the challenges we are already facing  will continue to grow both at home and abroad.   Actors half a world away are targeting our hospitals, banks, and  financial networks, not to mention military installations. Attacks are  getting more sophisticated, and they are happening every single day.   Last year, the GAO reported that, between fiscal year 2006 and fiscal  year 2015, cybersecurity incidents increased from over 5,500 to over  77,000, an increase of more than 1,300 percent. The report recommended  that the Federal Government enhance efforts for recruiting and  retaining a qualified cybersecurity workforce and improve cybersecurity  workforce planning activities.   As we look to defend ourselves, we need the very best talent. I am  particularly aware of the need for expanding partnerships with academia  and the private sector, which will create the cybersecurity people  pipeline that our government and our private sector businesses need.   Programs like the National Centers of Academic Excellence, jointly  sponsored by the Department of Homeland Security and the National  Security Agency, for instance, serve as examples of the direction we  should be headed.   As U.S. Cyber Command steps up its recruiting efforts, we must ensure  that the necessary resources for training the next generation of  cybersecurity specialists are made available now, wherever they are  needed. This amendment is just a drop in the bucket, but it  demonstrates how seriously we take this issue.   I want to thank my distinguished colleague, Congressman Alcee  Hastings, for helping to lead this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   