 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of  Rex Buffington, for his life's work as executive director of the John  C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership since it was  established 30 years ago.   I again thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this  time. I am joined here tonight by my fellow board members of the  Stennis Center as we speak about the retirement of the executive  director, Rex Buffington.   For more than 30 years, the Stennis Center has taught, inspired, and  [[Page H9659]]  trained our Nation's young people through programs such as debate,  women's leadership initiatives, and Truman Scholars. Thanks to the  leadership of Rex from the very beginning, their work has had a  powerful impact on our Nation's leadership, mobilizing a generation of  dedicated public servants and community leaders.   I am happy to share with Rex not only our southern roots--he is from  Mississippi and I am from Alabama--but our mutual love for debate and  our dear friend, my former high school debate coach, Coach Billy Tate.  Coach Billy Tate, my high school debate coach at Selma High School, was  instrumental in the creation of the John C. Stennis Novice Speech and  Debate Tournament.   I know that my life's journey would not have been possible if it had  not been for my high school debate experience. I know that the Stennis  Center's debate program is just one of the many ways young leaders  across this country are being equipped with the invaluable tools  necessary for leadership.   Rex knows that it is the people behind our democracy that makes  democracy work. He has been quoted as saying: ``No government,  regardless of its history or structure, can be better than the people  who make it work.''   I agree with Rex. When we have programs aimed at attracting  thoughtful, committed, and honest leaders to public service, we get  good policy in the end.   While I am disappointed to see Rex's time as executive director come  to an end, I know that his leadership has set the groundwork for  another 30 years of success in attracting young people of character to  public service.   The impact that Rex has had has been enormous, and I thank him.   