 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there have been many words that have  been spoken about our friend, Senator John McCain, and I want to join  with the many words and the tributes that have been shared in the  recent days since his passing.   We all know the background. We all know the bio. John McCain served  our  [[Page S6020]]  Nation for 60 years, starting as an officer in the U.S. Navy, as a  prisoner of war in unspeakable conditions, and during his terms in the  House of Representatives and in the Senate for some 30 years. That is  the biography of the man, but it is just the start of who he was and  the mark he made not only on the lives of us in the Senate but on the  lives of Americans all over the country.   John McCain was a beloved colleague. He was a patriot. He was truly  an American hero. He had remarkable intellect. He had an iron will,  most certainly. He had unquestionable integrity and courage that was  absolutely unwavering.   When I think about John and how John approached issues, John was one  who did what he thought was right. When he thought he was right, there  wasn't much arguing with him--he was right. Even then, we would engage,  we would go back and forth, and I think oftentimes it was those  arguments that caused us to either gain greater respect or perhaps  greater fear, depending on where you were in the process.   John was one of those guys who favored straight talk. I don't think  he would have any hard feelings about any of us describing our  relationship with him over the years. We didn't always agree, and  sometimes we didn't even get along, but the truth was, John McCain  would always make sure you knew where he stood.   John was very clear that you had to earn his respect. Respect was not  something that came with the title. The fact that you were a U.S.  Senator didn't mean you had earned his respect. And I know because I  felt that in my early years here in the Senate. I came through an  appointment, and I think John McCain was just going to wait to see if I  was able to prove myself, and he ultimately decided, apparently, that I  had. He came up to me one day--we were actually walking down the aisle  there, and he came up and he said: You know, you are OK, kid. And for  that, that was high praise.    We all have heard some of the legendary stories of when individuals  kind of came head-to-head or toe-to-toe with John McCain, and certainly  there were some areas where we disagreed. We had a little bit different  view on earmarks. And that was not just my relationship with Senator  McCain but previous Alaskan Senators as well. But I think we all agreed  that our disagreements were principled in nature.   I remember one very interesting and heated exchange over the merits  of essential air service, and John was on one side of the issue and I  was an advocate for essential air. We were literally nose-to-nose, and  I said: Don't you understand that it is called essential air because it  is essential because we don't have roads to these places? And he kind  of growled at me and: Well, I don't know why we need to have it. There  were legendary back-and-forths, and sometimes you won, sometimes John  won, but it was always with a great deal of passion that these  exchanges moved forward.   Then there was the other end of the spectrum--those times when John  and I were voting together, sometimes against the majority of our own  party. Healthcare and the ACA vote last year is certainly a prime  example of that. That was a tough vote. That was a tough vote for our  conference. It was a difficult vote, but I will tell you, it was  comforting to have some solidarity with my friend John McCain even when  it was clear that we may have disagreed with many of our colleagues.  But John was one who, when he had made up his mind up, he had made up  his mind, and you respected that.   John visited Alaska, and it helped validate his view that climate  change is real, that it is something we have to deal with, and that we  have to take practical steps to address it. And I agree with John. I  don't need any convincing on that, and I am going to be proud to help  achieve that goal.   I valued John's work on campaign finance reform and comprehensive  immigration reform. I was never part of the gang on immigration, but my  votes clearly marked me as a fellow traveler.   We also shared a strong respect for our Native peoples. Both Arizona  and Alaska have many Tribes and large concentrations of indigenous  Americans, and his decades of work to advance the cause of Native  people was legendary.   Because John accomplished so much during his time here--we all talk  about his time spent on the international front working on defense  issues, but I think oftentimes the issues with Native Americans, Indian  issues, were overlooked, so let me comment on that for a moment.   Back in the 1990s, John joined with Senator Inouye of Hawaii on  amendments to the Indian Self-Determination Act providing for Tribal  self-governance compacting. That opened up a whole new era of  opportunity for Alaska Tribes. It laid the groundwork for Alaska Tribes  to take over the delivery of Native healthcare from a failing Federal  bureaucracy. Now, around the State, whether you are up in Utqiagvik or  down in Ketchikan, they enjoy award-winning, world-class healthcare in  a system that the Native people control, and that really would not have  been possible without people like John McCain fighting for our Native  people.   I think that John would have been proud of me on the afternoon that  he passed. I was in the village of Savoonga, which is a small  community--about 800 people--on St. Lawrence Island, about 40 miles  from Russia. It is in the Bering Sea. It is one of the most remote  places in Alaska. I was there to conduct a field hearing--the Indian  Affairs Committee--focused on poor housing conditions, overcrowded  housing, where our Native people are forced to live in extraordinarily  difficult homes with difficult sanitation problems in these very remote  communities. John was really a champion for ending the Third World  living conditions that too many of our Native people still endure. We  have a lot of unfinished work on that front, and I plan to attack it  with the same vigor John brought to the fight.   I mentioned John's love for our military, for our veterans. He will  long be remembered for his efforts to bring our military back from  years of neglect and the devastating pain of sequestration.   The story that we all know--John worked on major defense budgets and  was an extraordinary advocate for all of our defense. I think my story  and how it intersects with a very, very small group of elderly Alaska  warriors demonstrates that this big, strong, gruff guy, who was truly  taking on the world, had a very soft spot in his heart, and the  kindness he showed to these few elderly Alaska Native Guard veterans is  something that is worthy of sharing.   After Senator Stevens left the Senate in 2009, the Pentagon had tried  to cut off the pensions of two dozen--just two dozen--elderly men who  served in the Alaska Territorial Guard during World War II. Senator  Stevens had worked very hard to get their service counted as military  service and to grant them veteran status, and, not unlike the way Ted  did things, he took care of it in the appropriations process, so it was  an earmark. Over the Christmas holiday, the Pentagon kind of worked to  reinterpret that earmark. Needless to say, Ted was gone, and this was  an important issue to these 24 elderly veterans, and so I moved an  amendment on the Defense appropriations bill to reverse it. I talked to  John, and he was pretty skeptical at first because, he said, it was an  earmark. But then he asked whether these Native Guardsmen, these Eskimo  Scouts, had actually seen war, and I was able to share with him the  story of those who had stood lookout on the homeland in the Aleutian  Islands, the reminder that in Alaska, we were the only American soil  that was occupied by the Japanese in World War II and that it was these  Native warriors who were standing guard, standing lookout. So, long  story short, John knew that supporting these elderly veterans was the  right thing to do.   There are so many things we can share about John, but really when I  think about his legacy going forward, whether he is ``Project  Maverick,'' as my friend from South Carolina has said, or however we  choose to remember him, I do hope that history will remember John as an  institutionalist in the highest tradition of the Senate.   John was committed to thoughtful debate and regular order. He was an  effective committee chairman, respecting the interests of members on  both sides. He managed his bills on the floor working hand-in-hand with  the other side. These were tough bills. The annual Defense  authorization bill draws  [[Page S6021]]  something on the order of 600 amendments. He was always protective of  committee prerogatives. He was known to put his foot down when  appropriators sought to muscle out the authorizers. He was always  looking toward compromise and bipartisanship.   John fought for our institution because he never lost sight of the  fact that the legislative branch is a coequal branch of government, not  subordinate to the White House. He took no guff--we all know--from the  administration, no matter who was in charge. That wasn't just because  John liked to flex his senatorial muscle; it was because he was a true  believer in the Constitution and its checks and balances. He was a true  believer in the institutions of government and a true believer in  democracy.   John certainly made his share of history, and he has earned his place  in it. I think we all know how much we will miss him, his passion, his  courage. His loss leaves us sad, but at the same time, I think it  offers us a beacon of hope here in the Senate as we reflect on his life  and his contributions.   Senator Graham observed that John will not be replaced by any one  Senator. It is going to take all of us working together. It is going to  take all of us to really accomplish what John knew we were capable of.  By coming together, respecting one another, one another's principles,  even when we disagree, and working through these disagreements to  compromise--that is how we really honor John's legacy. There are a lot  of words, and these words will come and go, but the way to truly honor  him is to live out what he believed this Senate is capable of doing.   We were reminded that there is a little John McCain in all of us. I  think it would be good for us to remind one another of that, to urge  the inner John McCain in each of us to present itself in a way that  betters our institution.   On behalf of the people of the 49th State, the great State of Alaska,  I thank you, John McCain. I thank the family for the years that you  gave him to us, to his country. We will take it from here, inspired by  your service, John McCain, by your intellect, by your integrity, and by  your determination to do right.   May you rest in peace, John McCain.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   