 Mr. Speaker, there is one thing everybody agrees on, and  that is that it is past time that we face the institutionalized racial  inequity that is built into every single step of our mass incarceration  system.   We know that mass incarceration disproportionately affects people of  color and that, today, women in prison are, sadly, the fastest growing  demographic, frequently caught up with the arrests of their partners  and struggling with mental health and addiction.   This bill does take important steps forward, and I want to say that  it is a very good faith effort on the part of the bill's two sponsors:  my friend Hakeem Jeffries and Representative Doug Collins.   Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, I still am not going to be able to  support the bill because I have serious concerns about how the bill  creates, develops, and implements a new risk assessment system on a  very quick timeline by someone who, frankly, has spent his career  opposing criminal justice reforms and, in fact, has fought attempts to  advance racial justice, and that is Attorney General Sessions.   This is especially concerning given that research shows us that risk  assessments produce racial disparities. And this bill does not address  sentencing reform, which is an issue that has bipartisan support and is  the crux of the problem today.   In addition, Mr. Speaker, I am very concerned about language in the  bill that excludes immigrants from being eligible for time credits. The  bill excludes longtime, legal permanent residents, green card holders,  who may have committed the exact same crimes as others and may be  eligible for relief under U.S. law. If we are making redemption  available, shouldn't it be available for everyone, regardless of  immigration status, for the same set of crimes?    Moreover, continued incarceration of these people simply based upon  citizenship status is a waste of taxpayer dollars and unnecessarily  keeps families separated.   The reality is that these are deeply important issues, and this bill  shows that we have the capacity to work in a bipartisan way. Even with  all of the good work and even for a first step, unfortunately, I  believe we have more work to do to get to the place where our morals  are being consistently applied.   I look forward to doing everything I can to work on this.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to S. 2155.   This bill will roll back many consumer protections, including  protections that are critical for civil rights.   This bill will permit 85 percent of depository institutions to avoid  public reporting on their mortgage lending activities. This reporting  is absolutely critical to identifying discrimination against Black  Americans, Latinos, and other minority groups.   Thanks to the public reporting requirement, we know that redlining  still exists in 61 metropolitan areas across our country and that Black  folks and Latinos are more than twice as likely as Whites to be denied  mortgage credit.   It is an unacceptable reality, but it is a reality that we have to  see and acknowledge. The idea that we would roll back these policies  that help us identify these problems, when we have the facts right in  front of us, is simply unthinkable.   I do want to make it clear that I have great sympathy for smaller  banking institutions, including credit unions--I am a proud credit  union member--and our community banks that have called for regulatory  relief.   But let's be clear that, when we do that relief, Congress should be  using a scalpel to create a fix for smaller banks, not taking a  sledgehammer to the entire system that we set up to protect consumers  and Main Street small businesses from the greed of big banks.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   