 Mr. President, last week, we lost an incredible  patriot, Senator, and American--our friend and colleague Senator John  McCain. My heart goes out to his wife Cindy, his mom, his daughters,  and family.   In the Navy, John exemplified heroism and bravery, and in the Senate,  he was a mentor to so many of us. He taught us how to work with leaders  on the world stage, but then he taught us something just as important;  that is, how to work with each other when we are here and back home.   This past month, my husband and I got to visit John and Cindy at  their ranch in Arizona one last time. Even while battling brain cancer,  he continued to be engaged in the issues of our time. He continued to  have that signature McCain humor and that grit.   My last memory of John was, I had brought a few of his books to him,  and he was getting tired and pointed to one sentence in one of the  books and said to me: That, that is what matters.   The sentence was this: ``Nothing in life is more liberating than to  fight for a cause larger than yourself.'' No one proved that more than  John McCain.   Lindsey Graham just gave beautiful remarks about his best friend--his  best friend who had taught him so much, who taught him how to pick  yourself up and be resilient when things go wrong, who taught him how  to always put your country first.   I saw that resilience firsthand when John invited me to go with him  and Lindsey on a trip to Asia. It was an incredible moment in his own  life. It was right after he had lost that Presidential election-- something he had dreamed of attaining for so long, and it didn't work  out. Did he just go home and not do his work? No. He dove right in and  took a young Senator with him to Asia, along with his best friend  Lindsey, and some of his most beloved staff.   What I saw on that trip I will never forget. He was literally a few  months out of losing a Presidential election, but he was still excited  about the world around him. He was excited when the Defense Secretary  called him with something he wanted him to work on with him.   He had great humor when he read about President Obama's latest  purchase of a dog and other things, and he just said it and smiled and  put the newspaper down.   He loved introducing me to people whom I thought I would never meet,  and he loved sharing those stories. On every leg of the trip between  countries, he would read books. He would read books about World War II.  He would read books about anything in history that he thought was  relevant to today. He loved it for the sake of history, but he also  loved it because he believed history teaches us something; that you  can't ignore history; that you take the lessons of history and bring  them with you forward.   John's own history was incredible--a Navy pilot during Vietnam. After  being shot down, he was held and tortured as a prisoner of war for over  5 years in that infamous Hanoi Hilton.   On the trip to Asia, we went to that prison, and I saw the cell where  John had been held for those 5 years--the cell in which he made the  decision to allow other prisoners to be released before him because he  didn't want to look like he got special treatment. That was a moment I  will never forget. Then, we went on a tour of the rest of the prison.  Again, with that signature wry humor and resilience, as the guide was  showing us a new exhibit, which included happy pictures of prisoners of  war sitting around a Christmas tree or playing table tennis, and she  proudly showed us those pictures, he nodded his head with all the media  behind him and then whispered to me: I don't remember any of this.   We then went to an exhibit that was brand-new of his flight suit, and  it was a pristine flight suit with his name embroidered on it. Next to  it was a picture of him and the plane being shot down, and the flight  suit was all torn up. They would show us the flight suit, and he took  pictures and smiled. Then, as we were walking away, he said to me: That  was not my flight suit.   That was John McCain. When he walked around the streets of Vietnam, a  place where he had been held prisoner for 5 years, he was like a rock  star. Do you know why? Because he had come back there so many times,  bringing different Americans with him, working on issues that mattered  to them, working on trade issues, normalizing relations. They loved him  there. That was him; that was John McCain.    The other thing about him was there were so many Senators that he  mentored, but I always loved how he would take some of the new women  Senators under his wing and make sure they went on these trips. In many  of the rooms where we met with foreign leaders, it would be, again,  John and Lindsey and I. Of course, Senator McCain went first as the  leader of the delegation, and then all of these male foreign leaders  would next look at Lindsey Graham because they figured he was the next  senior, which was correct. But John McCain would stop  [[Page S5977]]  them and say: I am sorry. Senator Klobuchar is the lead Democrat in the  delegation, and she will be going next. At that singular moment, he  would send a message to the foreign leaders: Yes, she is to be treated  with respect and equally; she is the Democratic lead on our trip.   Part of being a mentor to someone is also urging them on, and many of  us here know what it was like to get one of those backhanded McCain  compliments, which didn't always seem like a compliment but truly was.   My favorite was when I would do some kind of Sunday show or something  like that, and he would have liked what I said, I would have guessed,  but he would call and leave a message: Well, you did a pretty good job  on that show, talking about immigration--well, pretty good for a  Communist.   I know some of my Republican colleagues were never called a  Communist, but that was his word of affection for many of us on the  Democratic side.   I think part of this work that he did in mentoring women Members and  staff had to do with the incredibly strong women in his own life--his  wife, Cindy; his mother; his daughter, Meghan; and his family. That was  a part of John McCain that I think people don't know.   The last thing I will mention--and Lindsey talked about this--is that  his legacy must live on; that is, what he taught us about working with  the rest of the world.   The last trip I took with John McCain was to Lithuania and Latvia,  Estonia, Ukraine, and Georgia. He planned that trip right after the  last Presidential election. The President-elect had been talking  negatively about NATO, and there had been discussions about our  dealings with Europe. I think he felt it was very important to show the  world that there were people in the Senate, leaders in the Senate, who  stood by those Baltic nations that had declared their independence, and  that is why we went on that trip.   Somehow we found ourselves on New Year's Eve in a blizzard in the  middle of the night on live Ukrainian TV with President Poroshenko. The  President of Ukraine wanted to show American support for their  democracy and their quest to stay independent despite the foreign  invasion by Russia. So as we stood there, the President gave Senator  McCain a machine gun, a Ukrainian-made machine gun. They are very proud  of their armaments there. McCain was holding it, and then he went to  Senator Graham, and he gave Senator Graham a pistol. I was standing  there, and McCain said to me: I wonder what you're going to get. It  looks like you're getting a flat box.   I opened up the box, and it had two daggers in it. Senator McCain  decided that I was deserving of a pistol and somehow arranged to have  one brought to me.   But then what happened was the Navy confiscated every single weapon,  and a year later, Senator McCain was still saying to me: What happened  to my machine gun?   That trip was more than just about that delightful moment. That trip  was about his standing with us, with all of these leaders, to send that  incredibly important message in his own words from a few years before,  in 2013, when he spoke to that pro-democracy crowd of protestors in  Ukraine, telling them: America is with you. And they roared ``thank  you'' back at him. He said: ``The United States has a special  responsibility to champion human rights--in all places, for all  peoples, and at all times.''   So he would send this message to our allies. He would look for those  hot spots. He would look for those moments when it was necessary to  show our allies and friends and those struggling for human rights and  democracy that they had a friend in the United States.   He knew that supporting our allies is also about supporting  ourselves--and I will use John's words here--in supporting ``their hope  . . . their faith . . . and their friendship.'' That was John McCain.   So when I think about protecting the future of our country and the  work that must be done in this Chamber and his devotion to making  friends on both sides of the aisle, I think about the decency that he  brought to politics, not always--not always happy every moment of his  life in politics, but always decent. That was best reflected at a rally  that happened in my State in the waning days of his Presidential  campaign when a woman stood up, when he could have just embraced what  she said, but he didn't. The woman said of then-candidate Obama: ``I  have read about him. . . . He's . . . an Arab.''   Without missing a beat, John shook his head and very politely said:  ``No, ma'am. He's a decent family man . . . [whom] I just happen to  have disagreements with.''   That is not something you plan for; that is not an arc of your career  where you have a moment and a strategy. That was his reaction in the  moment when he knew that his dream was slipping away from him, and he  could have said just anything about his opponent because he was mad  that he wasn't winning. But he didn't. He took the high road. That was  John McCain.   As we move forward in this Chamber, I hope we will remember his  words, that the most liberating thing in life is ``to fight for a cause  larger than [ourselves].'' He did that every single day, and we must  now carry on that torch.   I yield the floor.   