 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about some very good  [[Page S7415]]  news. After months of bipartisan negotiations, the Senate has finally  passed the new farm bill. This bill will probably not get as much  attention as some other news going on right now in politics. That is  too bad, because the farm bill is a significant piece of legislation  that touches the lives of every person every day in Minnesota and  throughout the country. This bill is crucial to our Nation's farmers,  and our farmers are producing the food and the fuel that feed our  Nation and the world.   It is also good news because Congress has come together to get this  done. At a time when so many Americans are frustrated with divisive  politics, it is worth pausing over the way Members of both parties have  come together to produce such an important bill through hard work and  compromise.   In the Senate, we came together with a wide range of priorities from  every region of the country. Senators representing crops like cotton  and peanuts worked together with Senators from States like mine, with  soybeans and corn, to reach this final compromise. We were able to find  agreement because of the leadership that was provided by Chairman  Roberts and Ranking Member Stabenow on the Senate committee and  Chairman Conaway and Ranking Member Collin Peterson, from Minnesota, on  the House committee.   When I became a Senator just under 1 year ago, I fought for a seat on  the Agriculture Committee, and I immediately formed a farm bill working  group in Minnesota so that I could hear from farmers and ranchers,  foresters and researchers, rural community leaders and Tribes, as well  as experts in nutrition, energy, and conservation, to make sure that  Minnesota's priorities were included in this farm bill. From corn  growers in Goodhue County in the southeastern part of Minnesota to  sugar beet farmers in the northeastern part of the State, I heard the  same message: We must pass a farm bill this year   The farm bill is so vitally important to Minnesotans because  agriculture is the foundation of Minnesota's economy. In Minnesota,  agriculture generates $121 billion in economic activity and supports  400,000 jobs. Minnesota is No. 1 in sugar beets, No. 2 in corn  processing, and No. 3 in soybeans. We raise the second most hogs, and  we raise the most turkeys.   So working on the farm bill, one of my first stops was with Collin  Peterson in Ada, MN, where we met with farmers and rural development  leaders, and everyone in that community told me how the farm bill  directly affects them. So I directed my staff to continue these  listening sessions, and I am proud to say that we had almost 50 of them  around the State. Meeting with the working group and touring farms and  rural development projects around Minnesota have made the issues facing  rural America and our farmers one of my top priorities here in the  Senate. Minnesotans have given me some great ideas about what to fight  for here in Washington, DC.   I heard from young farmers in Minnesota--like organic farmer Matthew  Fitzgerald of Hutchinson, and Eric Sannerud, a hops farmer in Foley-- about the difficulty beginning farmers face in accessing USDA programs.  So I pushed for the farm bill to include provisions to support our next  generation of farmers with my friend and colleague Senator Heidi  Heitkamp of North Dakota and Senator Angus King of Maine.   After visiting the Good Acre in Falcon Heights and learning about  local food systems, I joined a bipartisan effort to better connect  farmers with their communities. So I am grateful for the leadership of  Senator Sherrod Brown from Ohio and Senator Susan Collins from Maine on  this important issue.   In March, I visited the Haubenschild Dairy Farm in Princeton, MN.  Three generations of the Haubenschild family run this dairy farm. As we  toured their impressive operation, this family talked to me about how  dairy farmers have been hit hard by low commodity prices. This was a  message that was echoed by dairy farmers across the State, who have  been a really important part of my farm bill working group.   So when I got back to Washington, I was determined to help fight for  strong safety net programs that support dairy farmers, along with many  of my Senate colleagues. A bipartisan coalition of Senators from dairy  States worked to make sure that this farm bill builds on the  improvements made to the dairy safety net in the March omnibus bill.   The final version of this bill does just that. This farm bill expands  gains made in the dairy safety net, especially for small and medium- sized farms. There are still a lot of challenges ahead for dairy  farmers, but hopefully these provisions will help Minnesota's farmers  who are facing falling milk prices.   Many farmers told me they were worried about skyrocketing healthcare  costs. So during a visit to Fergus Falls, MN, healthcare leaders from  Douglas County Hospital and Lake Region Healthcare spoke to us about  the unique health challenges facing rural communities. In Minnesota we  are focused on finding innovative solutions to address rural health  challenges. It is clear that Federal agencies need to do more to  examine the barriers people face who are accessing care in rural  communities.   That is why I helped to shepherd the bipartisan Rural Health Liaison  Act through the Agriculture Committee, and I helped to introduce this  bill with Senator Doug Jones of Alabama and Senator Mike Rounds of  South Dakota. The Rural Health Liaison Act will create a new position  in the Department of Agriculture to ensure that the USDA is working  with other agencies and departments, like Health and Human Services, to  coordinate efforts. This is an important step toward improving rural  health across America.   When I talked to Minnesotans from the Red River Valley, I heard about  how important the sugar program is to maintain their competitiveness. I  fought during the floor debates to sustain this program on behalf of  sugar beet farmers in my State and across the upper Midwest.   I advocated to make sure that the farm bill funds a preparedness and  response program to national animal disease outbreaks and a vaccine  bank to prevent the spread of foot and mouth disease. This was a  bipartisan effort, again, with my fellow Minnesota Senator, Amy  Klobuchar, and Senator John Cornyn of Texas.   At the poultry testing lab in Willmar, MN, I heard about the need for  vaccine banks and animal disease readiness. When Minnesota was hit hard  by the avian flu outbreak that resulted in the death of nearly 9  million turkeys and chickens, we knew that this program was necessary.   Other Minnesota priorities came from conversations with folks across  the State. This bill advances conservation programs so farmers have the  opportunity to start conservation strategies and to keep them going  long into the future to protect the environment and increase  productivity. Minnesotans use these programs almost more than any other  State.   Minnesotans know that the transition to clean energy presents a great  economic opportunity for rural and farming communities. As the top  Democrat on the Rural Development and Energy Subcommittee, I introduced  legislation outlining a road map for a strong energy title in this farm  bill, and a bipartisan coalition of Senators urged the committee to  fund and strengthen these many successful energy programs at the USDA.   One example is the Rural Energy for America Program, which helps  agriculture producers, local businesses, and rural communities to  develop energy efficiency and renewable energy projects that create  jobs, cut energy bills, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Rural  communities will benefit greatly from the mandatory funding given to  this program.   Another issue emphasized by rural development leaders across  Minnesota is the need that people have for access to reliable and  affordable internet service. Broadband access is critical to farmers  using modern equipment and for rural families trying to access  healthcare, education, and jobs.   This bill incorporates my Community Connect Grant Program Act to  increase funding for this important effort to create better broadband  access to unserved remote rural and Tribal communities. This provision  is a step forward and one of the many things we need to do to connect  Minnesota and people across the Nation with affordable, reliable  internet service.  [[Page S7416]]    This farm bill also expands access to jobs and agriculture for  returning servicemembers by encouraging the USDA to assist veterans in  joining the agriculture workforce. I pushed for this provision, which  will help veterans have the resources they need to take advantage of  these opportunities.   Today, as our farmers face deep uncertainty regarding tariffs and the  impacts they have, this bill includes bipartisan provisions to increase  funding for USDA trade promotion activities, because we all know that  international markets are essential to many farmers.   All farmers deserve these opportunities, and now there will be  greater inclusion of Tribal products in Federal trade promotion efforts  and activities to make sure that Native farmers aren't missing out on  new international markets. I want to thank my colleagues, Senator John  Hoeven of North Dakota and Senator Steve Daines of Montana, for working  with me on this issue.   It is great that this farm bill includes these provisions, and I hope  farmers will begin to feel some relief, but the core trade problem  remains.   Don't get me wrong--I am committed to standing up to our trade  partners and holding them accountable when they engage in unfair trade  practices. But the chaotic approach we have seen to implementing these  tariffs lacks a coherent message and a coherent strategy, and we need  to solve this problem for the health of Minnesota and American farm  country.   Farmers are on the frontlines of this trade war, and the cycle of  retaliation has no end in sight. In this farm bill, we begin to  increase access to international markets, but we still need a long-term  plan to reopen and preserve the markets farmers rely on.   As I have already mentioned, the farm bill touches the lives of every  American. The farm bill provides important stability and predictability  to Minnesota farmers, ranchers, rural communities, and Indian Country,  while also sustaining hundreds of thousands of Minnesota jobs.   It is important to remember that the farm bill reaches beyond rural  development, commodity programs, and trade. The nutrition programs  reauthorized by this farm bill are of vital importance, and the data  backs this up. According to the Agriculture Department, in 2017, 15  million households with over 40 million people--including millions of  children across the country--live in households that are food insecure,  which is a fancy way of saying that many people have no clear idea of  where all of their meals are going to come from in a certain week. We  need to do better than this in America. That is why farmers and  ranchers in my State tell me how important they think it is to support  nutrition programs, and I am glad this is reflected in the final farm  bill.   We have passed this bill in the Senate, and I hope the House will  pass it in the next few days. Then the President needs to sign it into  law to give farmers and ranchers the certainty they deserve.   I yield the floor.   