 Thank you very much for those kind words from the  senior Senator from Iowa. We have partnered on many things together  related to agriculture.   I rise today to support Senator Grassley and Senator Ernst in this  motion. We need to fill this position with an eminently qualified  person, Bill Northey, right away. It is long overdue.   As the ranking member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I am in  strong support of the nomination of Bill Northey to be Under Secretary  of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.   Despite historic delays in receiving nominations from the  administration, our committee has worked swiftly on a bipartisan basis  to put qualified leaders into place at the USDA. When we get qualified  nominees, we move them, and Under Secretary nominee Bill Northey is no  exception. In fact, I believe that he is a bright star in terms of the  nominees and those that will be serving in the USDA.   He was nominated in September of last year. Our committee quickly  held a hearing and reported his nomination with unanimous bipartisan  support to the floor on October 19.   Mr. Northey is a highly qualified nominee. He is currently serving  his third term as secretary of the Iowa Department of Agriculture and  Land Stewardship. A farmer himself, he understands what American  agriculture needs, and has pledged to be a strong leader for our  producers. I have confidence in him.   Unfortunately, instead of serving our farmers and ranchers at USDA,  his nomination has languished in partisan limbo because of an unrelated  issue raised by a Senate Republican colleague not on the Agriculture  Committee.   I appreciate Members have various kinds of concerns, but it is  important to note that Mr. Northey's leadership is needed now on a  number of issues, including the fact that he would be in charge of  disaster recovery for our farmers in Texas, Florida, and Louisiana, and  all across the country, who  [[Page S690]]  are serving in the aftermath of hurricanes, wildfires, and drought.   It is also important for him to be at the USDA to support our farmers  struggling with low prices. For the better part of a year, I have been  working with the leaders of the Appropriations Committee, Senator  Cochran and Senator Leahy, to fix a few pieces of the 2014 farm bill  that didn't quite work as we intended them--the dairy and cotton safety  net provisions.   I do want to indicate, while I am on the floor, that the Senate  budget agreement contains significant improvements for both  commodities, including more than $1 billion in support for our  struggling dairy farmers. These much needed improvements set us up to  continue our bipartisan work to write the next farm bill that needs to  be done this year. I look forward to working with our chairman, Senator  Roberts, as well as our two distinguished Members from Iowa, on  creating the kind of farm bill that we need for our farmers and  ranchers and families.   Unfortunately, though, when politics get in the way, our farmers and  our ranchers lose. So I am hopeful that we can resolve whatever issues  or at least move them to a different debate, rather than focusing them  on this nominee who is very much needed. His leadership is needed right  now at the USDA. He has strong bipartisan support.   I think it is very unfortunate that his nomination has gotten caught  up in another issue. I am hopeful that we could ask our Senate  colleague to choose to address that in another way without getting in  the way of critical leadership on disaster assistance and conservation  and critical issues on which the USDA needs to have his leadership.   Mr. Northey has strong, bipartisan support and should be advanced  quickly. We need his leadership skills. I am going to continue to do  everything I can to work with my colleagues to be able to make sure he  has the opportunity to serve farmers and ranchers as part of the USDA  leadership.   Thank you, Mr. President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Iowa.   