 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  4406, which designates the facility of the United States Postal Service  located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ``Tuskegee  Airmen Post Office Building.''   H.R. 4406 is a fitting tribute to the African American men who fought  heroically and against great odds and personal hardships, in World War  II and is long overdue.   The 332nd Fighter Group and the 477th, Bombardment Group of the  United States Army Air Forces, which will be forever known as the  ``Tuskegee Airmen,'' were instrumental in the Allied Powers victory in  World War II, and is by any standard American heroes.   For these reasons it is a fitting tribute that we honor these men by  naming the Post Office at 99 Macombs Place, in Harlem, New York after  them.   A few years ago about this time, I was honored to join my colleagues,  Congressman John Lewis and Congressman Charles Rangel, a Korean War  veteran, in paying tribute to surviving members of the Tuskegee Airmen  and the 555th Parachute Infantry, the famed ``Triple Nickels'' at a  moving ceremony sponsored by the U.S. Army commemorating the 50th  Anniversary of the 1964 Civil Rights Act.   The success of the Tuskegee Airmen in escorting bombers during World  War II--achieving one of the lowest loss records of all the escort  fighter groups, and being in constant demand for their services by the  allied bomber units--is a record unmatched by any other fighter group.   So impressive and astounding were the feats of the Tuskegee Airmen  that in 1948, it helped persuade President Harry Truman to issue his  famous Executive Order No. 9981, which directed equality of treatment  and opportunity in all of the United States Armed Forces and led to the  end of racial segregation in the U.S. military forces.   It is a source of enormous and enduring pride that my father-in-law,  Phillip Ferguson Lee, was one of the Tuskegee Airmen.   Clearly, what began as an experiment to determine whether ``colored''  soldiers were capable of operating expensive and complex combat  aircraft ended as an unqualified success based on the experience of the  Tuskegee Airmen, whose record included 261 aircraft destroyed, 148  aircraft damaged, 15,553 combat sorties and 1,578 missions over Italy  and North Africa.   These outstanding African American men defied all odds and became  military pilots when the United States was still subject to Jim Crow  Laws and the American military was still segregated.   Not only were these men exceptional soldiers who fearlessly defended  this nation, but they were torchbearers who illuminated a path for  countless African Americans to follow.   The Tuskegee Airmen proved that the antidote to racism is excellence  in performance.   This bill would honor the unsung heroes of World War II who valiantly  fought to defend this nation and pioneered a movement that led to the  desegregation of the American military.   For these reasons, I am proud to support, H.R. 4406; and I ask my  colleagues to join me in voting to pass this fitting tribute to  American heroes.   