 Mr. Speaker I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to add my voice to commend Congresswoman Wagner,  Congressman Engel, and Congressman Crowley for working in a bipartisan  fashion to put together this important legislation.   This legislation firmly establishes that official United States  policy is to prevent genocide and other criminal atrocities, and makes  certain that it is treated as a core national security interest by  supporting the programs that can help avert the deaths of innocents  around our globe.   Representing one of the largest populations of holocaust survivors in  the Nation is one of my greatest privileges as a Member of Congress. To  honor these survivors, and to honor the 6 million Jews who did not  survive, we must do everything in our power to prevent another atrocity  like the one they experienced.   When we commemorate the Holocaust, we make a sacred promise to  ourselves and to all of our neighbors by saying and committing to  ``Never again.'' This legislation puts real weight behind those words.   From the brutal lessons we have learned from crimes against humanity  that span continents and centuries, we must forge a brighter future.   Jewish tradition compels us to perform tzedakah--acts of justice--and  we are driven by tikkun olam--repairing the world. We have a  responsibility to be a voice for those who cannot speak for themselves,  to make the world a better place.   But these values are not unique to Jews or to Judaism. They are  values we all strive to share.   Our Nation has the unique capability to prevent these tragedies  before they unfold.   Elie Wiesel, who I was privileged to know, the rightful namesake of  this legislation, wrote, ``We must take sides. Neutrality helps the  oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never  the tormented.''   When this bill becomes law, we can take comfort in knowing the United  States of America is taking sides, is not neutral, and is not silent in  the face of inhumanity. When we are faced with bigotry and hate, with  war crimes and crimes against humanity, with ethnic cleansing and  genocide, the United States must always remain a beacon of hope for  justice, freedom, and peace. With this bill, we do just that.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to  the amendment even though I am not opposed.    Madam Chair, I commend Ranking Member McCollum  and Chairman Calvert for their hard work on the Interior Appropriations  bill, and also Ranking Member Quigley and Chairman Graves for their  work on the Financial Services Appropriations bill. But, unfortunately,  I cannot support this misguided appropriations package.   The bill before us today fails to fund critical domestic programs  that safeguard our air and water or to adequately secure our elections.   Last year, after an unprecedented attack on a democracy, we came to a  bipartisan consensus on the need for funding election security and  included $380 million in the Consolidated Appropriations Act. This  year, the majority zeroed out the account for election security  assistance.   Given the indictments handed down by Special Counsel Mueller last  week and the disgraceful performance by the President of the United  States in Helsinki yesterday, I cannot think of a more important  account to fund than one for election security.   If the President of the United States is unwilling to stand up to  Putin and defend our democracy, it is incumbent upon us as Members of a  coequal branch of government to do so.   This bill fails the American people in so many crucial ways, but if  it fails to protect our elections, we risk eroding the vital  accountability that undergirds our democracy.   Madam Chair, we are at a critical juncture in our Nation's history.  Will America continue our leadership in the world as a beacon of  democracy and integrity, or will we cower and bow to Russia and refuse  to protect our election systems from their proven desire to interfere  with our elections? Sadly, the bill before us fails to provide the  resources necessary to meet that moment.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this appropriations  package but not the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to  the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   