 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 3144, a  bill that would require the implementation of a specific Federal  Columbia River Power System operation plan. I am committed to  increasing consumer access to affordable and reliable electricity, but  this must be done without jeopardizing our region's ecosystem. I cannot  support this bill because it would undermine longstanding environmental  protections, including the Endangered Species Act, harm salmon and  steelhead populations, and threaten the recreational and commercial  fisheries, tribes, and species that benefit from healthy salmon runs.   The Endangered Species Act and National Environmental Policy Act  require the federal operators of the Federal Columbia River Power  System to consult with the National Marine Fisheries Service on how the  System's hydroelectric dams could affect several salmon and steelhead  stocks that are listed as threatened or endangered. Unfortunately,  instead of responding in a systematic manner using the best available  science, this bill would disrupt regional salmon and dam management  efforts, jeopardize the existence of salmon and steelhead, and damage  this vulnerable ecosystem.   In addition to the troubling effects on the region's ecosystem,  implementation of this bill could also harm tribal fisheries. Native  Americans have lived and fished along the banks of the Columbia River  for centuries. Despite signing treaties with the tribes to preserve  their rights to fish, hunt, and gather at their accustomed places, the  federal government has a long history of failing to protect these  tribal fishing rights. Tribes have a right and a deep cultural and  historical connection to the fish populations threatened by this bill.   Oregon's economic vitality is dependent on the health of the Pacific  Ocean and the Columbia River. We rely on the natural resources in our  region to support a significant portion of our economy, and we are very  vulnerable to changes to our ecosystem. This bill could harm the  businesses that are dependent on healthy salmon and steelhead runs,  including the commercial and recreational fishing industry, guiding and  outdoor retail businesses, restaurants, and coastal communities that  benefit from tourism.   The Pacific Northwest's social and environmental landscape is  changing. We need to find a sustainable path forward that supports  renewable power, commerce, and habitat conservation for salmon and  steelhead populations. In addition to supporting the responsible use of  hydropower that does not put salmon populations at risk, I also support  investments in additional renewable energy sources like solar, wind,  and wave energy. Through diversifying our investments in renewable  resources, we can protect our environment and support new industries,  jobs, and innovative businesses.   In short, we can--and should--address the energy needs of our region  without furthering policies that will harm our ecosystem. I urge my  colleagues to work together to develop a more appropriate solution that  will protect salmon and steelhead and provide affordable and reliable  electricity to consumers in the Pacific Northwest.   I note for the record that my husband, Judge Michael H. Simon, wrote  the judicial opinion that was discussed in the debate about this bill.  Before voting, I checked with the House Ethics office and was assured  that there is no conflict of interest under the House Rules because the  bill does not benefit my spouse's or my personal interest or finances.   