 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank  Congressman Tonko for the leadership that he has provided and the  opportunity to rise to urge all of my colleagues to support S. 2076,  the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Act.   I congratulate Senator Susan Collins for shepherding this bill  through the Senate. I join together with my colleagues, Representatives  Brett Guthrie, Paul Tonko, and Chris Smith, to introduce the House  version of this bill in order to promote early detection and diagnosis,  support caregivers, and reduce health disparities related to the care  and treatment of Alzheimer's patients.   As the House Democratic co-chair of the bipartisan, bicameral  Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer's Disease, I know how devastating  this disease can be for patients, families, and caregivers. Alzheimer's  affects more than 5 million Americans, and it is the sixth leading  cause of death in the United States. There is no effective treatment,  no means of prevention, and no method for slowing the progression of  the disease.   Alzheimer's is very costly to society. In 2017, the direct cost of  care for Alzheimer's and other dementias was approximately $259  billion, with 67 percent of those costs paid by Medicare or Medicaid.  At the current rate, the direct costs of care for these tragic  conditions will reach more than $1 trillion by 2050.   Most Alzheimer's patients require constant care and attention,  especially when they are in the final stages of the disease. More than  15 million Americans provide unpaid care to family and friends living  with Alzheimer's and other dementias. The Alzheimer's Association  calculated that caregivers provided more than 18 billion hours of  unpaid care for people with dementia in 2016, at an estimated value of  more than $230 billion.   Alzheimer's has a devastating impact on caregivers. Compared with  caregivers for people without dementia, twice as many caregivers for  people with dementia indicate substantial emotional, financial, and  physical stress.   The BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer's Act establishes Alzheimer's  centers of excellence around the country to expand and promote  innovative and effective Alzheimer's interventions. These interventions  will support early detection, reduce the risk of hospitalizations and  cognitive decline, support caregivers, and reduce health disparities.  The BOLD Act will also improve data collection on the incidence and  prevalence of Alzheimer's and related dementias.   So, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here with my colleagues today,  and I would certainly urge all of my colleagues to support this  important legislation.   