 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding time to me.   Mr. Speaker, in New Hampshire and all across this country, people are  dying every day. Communities have been devastated by the heroin and  opioid epidemic. Last year, we lost nearly 500 people to substance  abuse disorder in my small State of New Hampshire.   Helping families, first responders, treatment providers, law  enforcement officials, and activists in the Granite State confront this  crisis has been one of my top priorities in Congress.   Our communities need our help, and there is strong bipartisan  commitment here in the House to respond effectively to this crisis.   While we have passed effective legislation over the last 2 years,  including the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, the most  important thing that we can do is to provide the funding to help those  on the front lines of this crisis do their jobs.   While I and my Democratic colleagues welcome the President's  declaration of an opioid public health emergency, the lack of  corresponding funding means that this commitment has been little more  than empty rhetoric.   We need leadership from Congress and the President to save lives  across the country by providing real solutions to the opioid epidemic,  and I call on my colleagues to act now.   During the State of the Union, the President, once again, expressed  his commitment to working to address the opioid and heroin epidemic,  but, unfortunately, his actions have fallen short of his rhetoric.   I have come to the floor today so we can defeat the previous question  and bring up for consideration my legislation, the Respond NOW Act.   This critical legislation creates a $25 billion opioid epidemic  response fund to provide $5 billion annually over 5 years targeted to  numerous key initiatives involving agencies such as the Substance Abuse  and Mental Health Services Administration, the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention, and the National Institutes of Health.   This includes $18.5 billion for SAMHSA grants to States, particularly  those targeted at expanding medication assistance treatment, which  opioid experts agree is among the most critical ways to help those  suffering from substance use disorder.   My bill also provides funding to increase the number of substance use  treatment providers and to expand medical research related to the  opioid epidemic.   Additionally, it provides $2.5 billion for critical CDC initiatives,  such as expanding and strengthening evidence-based prevention and  education strategies.   Finally, the bill includes funding specifically to support children  and families impacted by this opioid epidemic, including $250 million  to support the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, which can help  address the risk of adverse childhood experiences, a known driver of  this epidemic.   We need to break the cycle, and these programs are ideally suited to  support substance abuse treatment services to help families stay  together and keep children in safe and stable homes.   The opioid crisis is a multifaceted challenge, and we are fortunate  that so many amazing researchers, first responders, law enforcement  officials, community activists, and others are doing amazing work in  communities all across our country. But they need the resources to  effectively meet these challenges. We must stop playing political games  and act immediately to provide emergency funding to help stop this  crisis in New Hampshire, in Florida, and all across this country.   