 Mr. President, I am here today to urge my colleagues to  oppose the confirmation of two Trump nominees--John Ring, who has been  nominated to the National Labor Relations Board, and Patrick Pizzella,  who has been nominated Deputy Secretary of Labor. These two nominees  have been selected to hold critical jobs to protect workers. That is  what these jobs are about.   I will be blunt. I start with a pretty high bar here since, despite  his campaign rhetoric from 2 years ago, the President's track record on  standing up for workers has been absolutely miserable. From the day he  nominated Andrew Puzder--an executive who delighted in mocking and  belittling his own low-wage workers--to run the Department of Labor,  this administration has delivered one gut punch after another to  America's working people.   The National Labor Relations Board is responsible for protecting the  rights of workers to organize and bargain for better wages and  benefits, so as we consider President Trump's latest nominee for the  Board, it makes sense to look at what his nominees so far have already  done.   Look at the new Republican majority's very first week back on the job  back in December. In just 5 days, the Board mowed its way through a  giant wish list of areas where giant companies were begging to be let  off the hook for violating workers' rights.   Allowing employers to shirk their collective bargaining obligations  by contracting out workers? Check.   Making it easier for employers to control the outcome of union  elections. Check.   Opening the door for workplace rules that chill workers' ability to  join together on the job. Check.   Allowing cases to be ``settled'' without input from the workers whose  rights are affected by the settlement. Check.   Just as troubling as these anti-worker decisions themselves are the  egregious conflicts of interest behind them.   From the moment he was nominated by President Trump, I have  repeatedly raised concerns about Board Member William Emanuel's history  of representing big corporations that have abused their workers and  about his mile-long list of potential conflicts of interest. Sure  enough, after just a few months on the Board, NLRB's inspector general  determined that Mr. Emanuel participated in not one but two important  decisions involving his former law firm, which directly violated his  ethics pledge. In response, the Board vacated one of its most  consequential decisions of the last year, and Member Emanuel lost any  remaining credibility that he could be an impartial Board member. So I  called on him to resign.   Now the President wants us to put John Ring on the Board. I have  asked Mr. Ring to provide a list of clients and cases that might  require his recusal. To his credit, he has done so. But Mr. Ring's long  list of clients is a huge red flag. Either he will ignore the ethics  rules when they are inconvenient--like Mr. Emanuel did--or he will  likely have to recuse himself from important cases.   A large number of potential conflicts of interest isn't the only  thing Mr. Ring has in common with Mr. Emanuel. Like Emanuel, Mr. Ring  has also spent his career representing large employers against workers,  and his few public statements on the NLRB express a belief that the  Board has been too friendly to workers and that corporations have  gotten the short end of the stick.   After decades of stagnant wages and skyrocketing corporate profits,  does  [[Page S2028]]  anyone other than insider lobbyists and lawyers think that Washington  is working for middle-class families and that big corporations are the  ones under attack? I don't think so. That is exactly why an NLRB that  looks out for workers is more important than ever. President Trump's  NLRB is failing miserably at that mission.   Working Americans deserve Board members with a demonstrated record of  fighting for workers, not against them. They deserve Board members who  aren't ethically and legally constrained from doing the job. Mr. Ring  does not meet those qualifications.   Workers need an NLRB that works for them, and they need leaders at  the Department of Labor who are going to be on their side, not on the  side of giant employers and extreme, rightwing donors. Patrick Pizzella  has been nominated to the No. 2 job at the Department of Labor, and  nothing in Mr. Pizzella's resume tells us that he meets the description  of being on the side of workers.   In the 1990s, Mr. Pizzella lobbied with Jack Abramoff to exempt the  Northern Mariana Islands from Federal labor laws. Do you know what that  did? That allowed companies to run sweatshops while slapping ``Made in  America'' labels on their products.   Later, when Mr. Pizzella was in charge of data management and other  operations at the Labor Department, the Government Accountability  Office found that the Wage and Hour Division was egregiously  mishandling wage theft complaints, consistently leaving vulnerable low- wage workers out to dry, because of faulty data systems and other  operational failures.   After leaving the Department, Mr. Pizzella went to work for  secretive, far-right donor groups, such as the Conservative Action  Project, which secretly planned out the 2013 government shutdown to  sabotage the Affordable Care Act and undermine many workers' access to  healthcare, all while Mr. Pizzella was its highest paid employee.   The Deputy Secretary position should be filled by someone who has  defended worker rights, not undermined them, someone who will make  government work for the American people, not hamstring it for political  purposes. Mr. Pizzella is the wrong man for this job.   President Trump talked a big game during his campaign about fighting  for workers, but after a year of corporate tax cuts and rolling back  commonsense protections for workplace safety, retirement security, and  more, we know that those promises have turned out not to be worth much  of anything.   The Senate should send a clear message to this administration that we  expect agencies like the NLRB and the Labor Department to stand up for  working people, not to suck up to corporate lobbyists. Rejecting these  two nominees would be a good first step.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   