 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to join the debate this morning  on the farm bill and to make sure we get the farm bill passed. It is so  important to the State of Washington and to our country.   I know many of my colleagues have been down here talking about  agriculture, but in the State of Washington, it is responsible for  about 164,000 jobs. And while we produce about $10-plus billion of  economic activity, about $180 billion of economic activity goes through  our ports every year. So if you are growing an agricultural product in  the United States, there is a good chance you are shipping that product  through Washington ports, going to Asia and a variety of places.   The agriculture and food industry is a huge part of our U.S. economy  as well, and provides 11 percent of total U.S. employment. So to say  this bill is an important economic tool is an understatement.   We know that in the United States of America, a trade surplus in  agriculture has existed for 50 years. So when we are talking about  making investments and opening new markets and protecting agriculture  from the trade war that we are seeing, it is very important that this  bill helps recognize the hard work that the farmers in the United  States of America have done in growing our economy. We must make sure  they continue to have those economic opportunities in the future.   Since U.S. exports gained access to markets like South Korea more  than a decade ago, Washington farmers in my State have seen increases  in exports of up to 80 percent for potatoes and 200 percent for  cherries. Agriculture exports support more than a million jobs around  the United States, so it's important to maintain our agriculture trade  surplus.   I am proud to say that, working with our colleagues, the chairman of  the committee, Senator Roberts, and the ranking member, Senator  Stabenow, we have worked to make sure that we are making improvements  and increasing MAP, the Market Access Program. This critical program  provides technical assistance and more flexibility for the Secretary of  Agriculture to help our farmers increase access to new markets. This is  so important at a time when we are seeing so much chaos in the  marketplace. We want to make sure we continue to have an aggressive  attitude toward opening markets--not closing them.   From 1977 to 2014, it is estimated that our market access programs  produced an average return on investment of $28 for every dollar that  was invested--that is, when you are opening a market to sell U.S.  products abroad. That is a huge investment for us to export our product  into those countries.   I know that some of our colleagues have been working across the aisle  to help make sure that MAP funding is more secure and that we invest  more. I am working with my colleague, Senator Crapo from Idaho, to make  sure that provisions are in this bill that give the Secretary more  flexibility to help us on things like our fruit products and potato  products from the Pacific Northwest. I appreciate his help making sure  this bill represents at least some of us who want to increase those  opportunities for the future.   Washington State is the third largest exporter of food and  agricultural products in the United States. Our agricultural sector  accounts for 13 percent of our economy annually, and we are proud to  grow about 300 different types of products. There are nearly 40,000  farms, and, as I said, 164,000 Washingtonians are employed in that  sector.   We continue to work to make sure that the type of research that is  represented in this bill--the R&D that is done in great institutions in  our State, such as Washington State University, provide good  information for us. And our agricultural extension programs need to be  funded to make sure that conservation continues to be an opportunity  for our farmers. Our farmers  [[Page S4699]]  must have resources to diversify their crops.   All of these things are important in moving a farm bill through the  Senate and on to the President's desk eventually.   I am very concerned that my colleagues in the House of  Representatives want to cut or limit the SNAP program. This has been an  essential tool as part of ag for a long time and should continue. The  notion that we are going to hold up an ag bill at a critical time, when  concerns about tariffs are impacting our farmers, is wrong. What we  need to do is move forward on giving the assurances to our farmers that  we want them to have the research and development, we want them to have  the tools of conservation, and that we certainly want them to have the  Market Access Program so they can continue to reach markets all around  the globe.   Our ag economy is so important to us in the Pacific Northwest. This  bill is helping us make a downpayment on it and giving us a little  flexibility.   I am going to take the Secretary of Agriculture at his word today. I  heard him on television saying he is going to mitigate any kind of  damage being done to farmers based on tariffs. I am going to hold him  to his word.   Believe me, as we move this legislation through the process, I am  going to make sure that every tool is available for the great products  that we grow in Washington State. I want them to reach market  destinations. I don't want them to be retaliated against in a trade  war.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   