 Mr. President, in a few moments, we are going to have  an opportunity to vote on moving to proceed to the nominee for the  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. I come to the floor this  afternoon to speak in support of that nominee, Mr. Bernard McNamee.   Mr. McNamee has been nominated to serve on the FERC--the Federal  Energy Regulatory Commission--to complete the remainder of the term  that runs through June 30, 2020.   The FERC is an independent agency within the Department of Energy.  For a long period of time, nobody really paid much attention to the  FERC or was quite sure what the mission was. The agency itself is one  that has a very key and a very critical role within our country in that  it regulates the electricity, the hydropower, the natural gas, and the  oil pipeline industries. That basically means that FERC plays a  critical role in keeping the lights on and ensuring the deliverability  of reliable, safe, and affordable energy to American homes and  businesses. The FERC really is key to so much of what goes on in the  world of commerce and our economy.   It is important that we move forward with this vote today. If we  confirm Mr. McNamee, FERC will once again have a full complement of  five Commissioners on that agency. This is something we have worked  hard to restore in this Congress for a period of time. The Commission  was down to just three Commissioners. They have a lot of work to do.  The responsibilities are hard. Making sure that they are at full speed  must be a priority. It is necessary to enable the agency to address a  substantial backlog of energy infrastructure project applications and  decisions that are pending on a range of important energy matters.   Let's talk about the qualifications Mr. McNamee has to serve at the  FERC. Over the course of his career, he served in the Federal  Government, including here in the Senate and in two State governments.  He has also worked in the energy practice group of a major law firm. As  a result of his work and his experience, Mr. McNamee has a deep  understanding of energy issues, and I think a clear appreciation of  FERC's mission. He has made a strong commitment to continue FERC's role  as an independent and an impartial regulator, which to me is key. He  also knows that it is FERC's duty to keep the lights on and not to  carry out policy decisions that are made by other parts of the Federal  Government. His mission within the FERC is pretty well defined.   There has been some discussion about Mr. McNamee's prior position  implementing policy during the brief tenure he had at the Department of  Energy. This was at a time when the administration was considering  whether it could provide economic relief to coal and nuclear  powerplants. That has generated its own level of discussion. Some have  suggested that Mr. McNamee's work at the Department raises questions  about his independence and have compared him to Ron Binz. Mr. Binz was  a former nominee for FERC Chairman back in 2013. I would remind  colleagues that there is a difference here.   Back in 2013, when the Senate was considering Mr. Binz, in fairness,  we didn't actually have him up for consideration on the floor. Mr. Binz  voluntarily withdrew his nomination from consideration, and that was  based on bipartisan concerns that were raised about substantive  comments of his and the approach he took to recruit support for his own  nomination. I would rather not rehash history today, but I think there  is a clear difference between the two nominees, and I believe the  concerns about Mr. McNamee's independence are largely unfounded.   First, the Department of Energy's proposal to FERC on coal and  nuclear plants was unanimously rejected by FERC just about a year ago.  The Commission is currently not considering any other administration  proposal to assist coal or nuclear powerplants.   I think it is also wrong to suggest that because someone has  experience implementing policy somewhere that they should be  disqualified from any role as an independent regulator. In fact, in  this Congress alone, we have already confirmed two former Senate policy  staff members to the Commission. The first one was Neil Chatterjee, an  individual many, many of us know. He previously served as the majority  leader's energy policy adviser. The second one was Mr. Rich Glick, who  served as senior counsel to Senator Cantwell on the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee.   Like Chairman Chatterjee and Mr. Glick, Mr. McNamee's decisions as a  Commissioner will not be contingent on the implementation of policy  decisions in his prior roles. In private meetings and in his nomination  hearing last month, Mr. McNamee repeatedly committed to be fair, to be  objective, and to be an impartial arbiter in all of the cases that come  before the Commission. He repeated this commitment in response to two  rounds of questions for the record.   I believe Mr. McNamee understands and understands well that FERC is  an independent Agency and that it must continue to function as such. I  take his commitment to uphold FERC's autonomy and maintain an  independent role as a Commissioner at face value. I also expect him to  be fuel-neutral and not a champion of one resource over another.   As I mentioned, there is a lot of work that must go on at FERC. We  need to have all five Commissioners in place to make sure that it  happens. With a full set of Commissioners, FERC will be able to reduce  or certainly work to reduce its backlog of energy infrastructure  projects, including important natural gas pipelines and LNG export  terminals.   If we are going to remain a prosperous nation with strong growth and  affordable energy, we need our interstate pipeline network and our LNG  facilities to continue to meet customer demands for our natural gas.   This resource serves a variety of critical needs, ranging from  keeping us warm to enabling our manufacturing renaissance and,  increasingly, to fuel our electric grid.   LNG exports also represent a significant opportunity for States like  Alaska, scores of communities, and, looking abroad, for America's  friends and allies.   FERC is also examining other important issues, including its  regulations under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act--PURPA-- the integration of energy storage onto the grid, and the impact of  State policies on interstate electricity markets. These issues are  incredibly complex, and they have widespread implications for our  economy.   Again, it is key, it is timely, and it is important that we have a  full complement on the FERC. Mr. McNamee is well qualified to join the  other Commissioners in tackling these issues, and I urge all of my  colleagues to support his nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Senator Sullivan and I have just  returned to Washington after an almost surreal 24-hour period up in the  State.   We went up on Sunday night, Monday morning. We hadn't anticipated  being there, but the State of Alaska--and more specifically  Southcentral Alaska--experienced a powerful earthquake on Friday. It  was certainly an unsettling event, a frightening event to many, and it  caused significant damage in the most populated part of our State.   Last Friday, at 8:29 in the morning, we had an earthquake that struck  the community of Anchorage with a magnitude of 7.0 on the Richter  scale. The epicenter was about 7 miles north of Anchorage. It was about  25 miles deep. That shock lasted anywhere, folks were saying, from  about 40 seconds to 1 minute; that was the initial hard jolt. Then,  movement after that depended on where you were and what kind of ground  you were located on, but it was a very significant earthquake by all  standards.   I heard about the earthquake, not because I got an alert on my phone  but because my phone rang when my son called. He lives and works in  Anchorage. He had been at his shop, and he called me right after the  shaking stopped. My son is a pretty calm young man, but I could tell  that something was wrong, something was different. I could hear it in  his voice. He was clearly rattled. His comments to me reflected so many  of the comments I have heard from so many with whom I have had a chance  to visit.   As we were speaking on the phone, it was about 7 minutes after the  initial jolt that we had another earthquake, a 5.7 that followed. He  literally said: You have to hold on, Mom, because we are having another  one. These are significant at any time, but to have a 7.0 followed by a  5.7 and then to know that the aftershocks have been continuing--they  have continued until today. As of this afternoon, the total number of  aftershocks we have had is about 2,500.   Think about that. From Friday morning to midafternoon Alaska time,  about 2,500 aftershocks, and we have had 14 above 4.5 in magnitude. We  have had 14 in that time period that were over 4.5. Now, 4.5 is going  to get anybody's attention.   Yesterday morning, when I was leaving Alaska to come to Washington, I  was getting ready in the bathroom, and there was another shaker then,  and that was a 4.8.   People have asked me: How are things back home?   I said: Well, we had the big jolt on Friday, but it is still rocking  and rolling.   People are anxious, but the report I would like to share with folks  today is that there has been an incredible response at so many  different levels. The initial response was pretty intense.   After I spoke with my son, I talked to a staff member whose pipes had  burst in her home, and she was dealing with flooding. One of the main  arterials in Anchorage, Minnesota Drive, is one of the access roads to  get to the airport, and parts of that had collapsed. Many people have  seen the picture of the vehicle sitting in the middle of a depressed  area where the bottom literally has dropped out the overpass of that  road.   Across Anchorage and in the Mat-Su Valley, school had just started  for the middle schools and the upper grades, and kids were doing what  the kids have been trained to do for decades now. Since the 1964  earthquake, believe me, every kid in Southcentral Alaska--I think  probably every kid in Alaska--knows what the earthquake drill is, to  duck and cover. But during this quake, they were ducking and covering  as books from the bookshelves were crashing to the floor and as ceiling  tiles were coming down. It is extraordinary to think that during all  that we saw and all of the damage in the schools, there were two  injuries. There are 48,000 kids in the Anchorage School District and  about 17,000 or 18,000 in the Mat-Su district--and two injuries. One  was somebody cleaning up glass; another was a student who was putting  his arm up to shield himself from a ceiling tile that was falling down,  and he injured his wrist. It is absolutely extraordinary--nothing short  of a miracle--that we suffered no loss of life.   It was pretty dramatic. Transformers blew, and much of the city went  dark. A tsunami warning was issued for the Kenai Peninsula in the low- lying areas in the Anchorage Bowl, even down past Kodiak. We got a call  from friends in Kodiak out on a hunting trip, and they got word that  they needed to hike to higher ground. Hike to higher ground. Of course,  there is no communication and no way to know whether it is all safe.  These stories are coming in from all over the State.   What we heard in those first hours, the first reports coming in from  our first responders, who truly jumped into action and were responding  to calls as they were coming in--the civil engineers were dispatched to  go out to check on the highways, the bridges, and the essential  infrastructure, such as the hospitals. We had almost immediate updates  from the U.S. Geological Survey and NOAA--the National Oceanic and  Atmospheric Administration--about the earthquake and what was happening  with the subsequent tsunami warning, the aftershocks. All of these were  in realtime. We kept waiting to hear whether there were any reports of  serious injuries or fatalities, but fortunately--amazingly,  miraculously--they never came.   Meanwhile, the utilities were working to restore power and to test  the cities' water systems. ENSTAR, which is our natural gas supplier,  received over 700 requests to check on broken gas lines. They went  house by house to make sure that they were safe.   It was extraordinary in terms of the immediate on-the-ground response  by the Alaskans who were there in place, the teams that are at the  ready because that is what they are trained to do, and those who were  just being good neighbors and knew that when you have something hit, we  are all hands on deck.   Congressman Young, Senator Sullivan, and I gathered on Friday  afternoon. We got updates from the Vice President, who was traveling.  We spoke with FEMA Administrator Brock Long and Secretary of  Transportation Chao. All of them--all of them--were all in with their  promises of help from throughout the Federal Government with resources.  President Trump also--his support in promising to spare no expense as  we work to recover from this natural disaster went a long way to  providing levels of assurance there.   Senator Sullivan and I, as I mentioned, flew up on Sunday evening. We  [[Page S7313]]  waited until the weekend was over to fly back home. We didn't want to  get in the way of the immediate recovery efforts. I got in at 1 o'clock  in the morning and went to work cleaning up the glass and broken things  in my house, as many of my neighbors and fellow Alaskans had been doing  all weekend long.   Over the course of the day on Monday, we were able to see some of the  damage that this earthquake has caused. You think about the words when  you are trying to describe something that--the scenes are just so, so  different, and it is words like ``gut-wrenching'' and ``astounding''  and then ``remarkable,'' but it was really gut-wrenching being in the  school.   We went out to Houston Middle School. This is an area out in the Mat- Su Valley. This is one of the schools that will not be opened, at least  not this year and perhaps for longer. But you are standing in a  building--this is the library there in the middle school, and you see  all of the books that have fallen to the floor. You see the guts of the  ceiling that have come out. The sprinkler system is activated, so not  only do you have the chaos of the books but now you have got the  saturation.   There is another picture here of the group of us who went in.   The ceiling literally disintegrated on top of the library there.   When you think about the time that this all happened, there were  students in the library. There were students who were passing in the  hallway. This school is cinderblock construction, and the actual  concrete cinders popped out and crashed to the floor and broke. The  metal struts coming out of the ceiling, the panels--this was all  happening at 8:29 in the morning. It is dark in Alaska at 8:29 in the  morning. The lights had gone out, and they had this crashing all around  them.   When I use the word ``remarkable'' to describe some of it, how the  students and the teachers responded was remarkable, the calm. The kids  knew what to do. They got under their desks. They did what they were  trained to do. When they got the order that they needed to get out, to  evacuate, what they did was exactly what they were trained to do. And  no injuries. No injuries. It is absolutely extraordinary.   The schools in Anchorage are going to be closed for the entire week.  Mat-Su is opening some of theirs this week, but more than 85 of them  sustained damage that clearly needs to be cleaned up, needs to be  repaired.   The schools were one aspect of the damage that we saw, but what many  have seen out there has been the damage to the infrastructure.   This is a picture of a collapsed road. This is Vine Road, out in the  valley. This is kind of a boggy area that runs through here, but it is  just as if there were a big suction that came underneath and literally  sucked the ground out from underneath that.   This is an area that we visited. We took this picture from above, in  the air. This is it up close. As you are standing here on these slabs  of asphalt, the crevices you are looking down into are extraordinary,  and you realize the intensity of the action of the Earth.   You see scenes like this, and you say: How are we going to get  through all of this? And the work that is ongoing now, whether it is  the on-ramps, whether it is the bridges, whether it is roads like this  on Vine Road, our department of transportation is working to firm up  the roads, to, believe it or not, fill them in, repave them, even  restripe them, and get folks back on their way. What we saw in just  those first 72 hours is absolutely extraordinarily impressive.   The Alaska Railroad is assessing their damage. They are operational.  They are going to be going much slower than they would like, and that  is going to cause complications, but they are up.   The Port of Alaska is undergoing an expansion right now. It has been  complicated by this earthquake. That is something that, again, is very  critical. As you look to how goods move around our State, 85 percent of  them come through that port. So being able to allow for functionality  is critical.   We look at our assets. We look at the Trans-Alaska Pipeline. That was  closed down temporarily just for precaution, but it is up and running.   You know, when I think about all this, given what happened, the  visible damage we saw earlier this week, I find myself thinking that we  are so lucky--not that we were hit by this major earthquake but that it  could have been so much worse.   We talk a lot about resilience--resilience of a people. I think we  learned a lot from the 1964 earthquake, the Good Friday earthquake.  That registered at 9.2 on the Richter scale and lasted 4\1/2\, almost 5  minutes. Extraordinary. What we have been doing--we are the most  seismically active State in the country, so we work to be prepared.   Again, I mentioned that last Friday's earthquake was deep, and that  mitigated some of the shaking that was associated with it, but the  proximity to our State's population center put people and  infrastructure at great risk.   The depth of the source and the mechanism of the fault helped reduce  the damage. That is one part of it. The other part of it is being  prepared, and this is where I am so proud of the resilience of  Alaskans. Whether it is at the schools that practice these earthquake  drills where the students get under the desk, they hold on to the leg  of a chair or their desk, and they cover their heads to protect  themselves--I know we have one Alaskan as a page. She has gone through  this drill. I know you have. So even in the dark, even in the chaos,  with all the noise and the crashing, students knew what to do, and they  did it not only for themselves, but they did it for other students as  well.   There are some stories of some very young heroes out there, and I  have a young nephew who not only took care of himself but made sure  that a fellow student who had severe mobility issues was able to get  under a desk. I think about the calmness and the presence that so many  exercised.   I am going to end by noting again how we have worked as communities  in our State to be prepared for disasters when they come. We have some  of the most stringent building codes in the world, and for the most  part, our buildings held up. Families have earthquake kits in their  houses. They have batteries, flashlights, nonperishable food--all of  which came in handy as folks kind of hunkered down over the weekend.   I will end my remarks by noting how grateful I am for the first  responders who took action in the aftermath of the earthquake, even  amid all of the ongoing aftershocks, even with their households totally  turned upside down--and not only for our first responders but for all  those who acted as first responders, the neighbors who came together.  It is Alaska at its finest when we all work together.   I am very grateful that we had no tsunami. I am very grateful that  the damages, at least on the surface, are not worse. And we are  certainly grateful that there have been no reports of major injuries or  fatalities. I am grateful that we have strong Federal partners who have  committed to helping us in any way that they can. I also appreciate the  reach-out from so many colleagues here in the Senate who sent me texts  and who called and said: Is everything OK in Alaska? Is there anything  we can do? Thank you for that.   We know we are tough in Alaska. That is the reputation we have. We  are kind of proud of that. We know we are hardy and resilient. But  knowing that others are going to be with us as we go through this  recovery period makes that much better. I thank so many who have been  there to help Alaska.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XX, all postcloture time on the McNamee nomination  expire at 12 noon on Thursday, December 6; further, that if the  nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made  laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action. I further  [[Page S7314]]  ask that following disposition of the nomination, the Senate resume  consideration of the Kraninger nomination and the time be equally  divided in the usual form until 1:45 p.m.; further, that following the  use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the Kraninger  nomination as under the previous order; finally, that if the nomination  is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 715, submitted earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m.,  Thursday, December 6; further, that following the prayer and pledge,  the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be  approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their  use later in the day, and morning business be closed; finally, that  following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and  resume consideration of the McNamee nomination, with the time until 12  noon equally divided between the two leaders or their designees.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the provisions of S. Res. 715 and do so as a further mark of  respect for the late George Herbert Walker Bush, 41st President of the  United States.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:37 p.m., adjourned until  Thursday, December 6, 2018, at 9:30 a.m.   