 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for  yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5583, which I introduced  together with the Representative from Oregon,  Greg Walden, chairman of  our committee, and the Representative from Tennessee, Marsha Blackburn.   As you have heard throughout today's floor debate, more than 115  people die every day from an opioid overdose, and in my hometown of New  York City, someone dies every 7 hours from an opioid overdose.   The African American community, in particular, is dying at an  alarming rate from opioid abuse. The overdose death rate among African  Americans in urban counties rose by 41 percent in 2016.   Mr. Speaker, this is more than an epidemic. This is a full-blown  crisis,  [[Page H5064]]  and Congress must act to protect our most vulnerable communities.   To address this epidemic, I have introduced a bill that would support  the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services' efforts to monitor and  track quality care, especially in behavioral health related to the use  of opioids.   Currently, State reporting on these measures is strictly voluntary.  H.R. 5583 would make such reporting mandatory. Doing so allows us to  better collect data for research purposes.   H.R. 5583 is one of 57 bills that the House Energy and Commerce  Committee has brought forward to combat the opioid crisis. Now is the  time for House leadership to bring the issue to a vote.   We need data that will help us understand opioid prevalence and  incidence trends amongst our most vulnerable populations. We know that  the vast majority of people seeking addiction treatment rely on  Medicaid. We require quality reporting in our other Federal health  programs. Medicaid beneficiaries deserve the same consideration.   This bill is a bipartisan effort with Representatives Walden and  Blackburn, and this crisis goes beyond a rural or urban issue. From  coast to coast, the opioid epidemic has raged in our communities.  Regardless of where we are from--urban, suburban, or rural  communities--we must come together to find a solution to opioid abuse.   H.R. 5583 enables Congress and our Nation's public health agencies to  examine and better understand how to support States in treating  substance abuse and opioid use disorders.   Mr. Speaker, instead of undermining and sabotaging the ACA and  gutting Medicaid, let's think of the American people first. 115 people  die every day from opioid-based overdoses. How many hundreds more  before Congress takes action?   This is straightforward policy that will give us insight on how to be  most effective in helping our most at-risk communities.   