 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from New York for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise today and stand with the overwhelming majority of  Nevadans who wholeheartedly oppose our State becoming the dumping  ground for the rest of the Nation's nuclear waste.   Based on the Department of Energy's own studies, Yucca Mountain is  unfit as a repository site for nuclear waste because of the impact it  would have on national transportation. We are talking about shipping up  to three loads of radioactive waste per week to Nevada by rail or truck  for over 50 years.   Here is a map of what the proposed routes would look like. Dangerous  waste would go through 329 congressional districts across this country.   To the Members representing these districts: Do you consent to high- level radioactive waste barreling down your highways and your train  tracks? Are you prepared to face your constituents at home and tell  them that you voted to put their safety at risk?   Yucca Mountain would also jeopardize our national security and the  readiness of our Air Force by compromising military activities at the  Nevada Test and Training Range, the largest air and ground military  training space in the contiguous United States.   Instead of spending billions more in hard-earned taxpayer dollars on  this ill-conceived project, let's work on converting the site into  something that will keep our families safe and still create jobs.   My bill, the Jobs, Not Waste Act, which I offered as an amendment to  H.R. 3053, would prohibit DOE from moving forward with its plan until a  number of other job-creating alternatives for Yucca Mountain are  considered. It is an innovative and forward-thinking solution to  repurpose this site for something useful.   Mr. Chair, I urge Congress to stop wasting time and taxpayer money on  Yucca Mountain and finally realize just how dangerous and costly this  project will be. It is past time we identified viable alternatives for  this project while finding a safe, long-term repository in a State that  consents to its siting.   