 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as if  in morning business.    Madam President, the U.S. Senate, indeed, our entire  Nation, is mourning the loss of a great leader, an American patriot,  our colleague and friend, Senator John McCain.   I first met John McCain when I was a young staffer in Senator Bill  Cohen's office and John was serving as the Navy's liaison officer. As a  fellow Senator for the past 21 years, I knew him as a trusted  colleague, a courageous legislator, and a close friend.   John was a true American hero who devoted his life to serving his  country. Courage and character were the hallmarks of his military  service as well as his work in Congress. In the Senate, he was a  consequential leader on the most critical issues facing our country.  John McCain was one of our Congress's most respected voices for a  strong national defense and for good government. His word was as much  his bond in Washington as it was to his brothers in arms in Vietnam.   I would like to share with my colleagues a story, I believe, that  demonstrates the essential character of John McCain.   In November of 2010, John was part of a congressional delegation on  its way to a security conference in Nova Scotia. Bad weather caused  their flight to be diverted to Bangor, ME, where I live. I shortly  received a phone call to come to the airport, and I went and welcomed  John and my colleagues on their unplanned visit.   As it happened, the Troop Greeters of Maine were at the airport at  the same time. This legendary group of citizens has greeted more than  1.5 million servicemembers either leaving to go overseas or returning  home since 2003; never missing a single flight, even in bad weather or  the middle of the night. The Presiding Officer, I believe--who also has  served her country so well, Senator Ernst--was one of those who was  greeted by the Troop Greeters in Bangor, ME.   Rather than fly out when the weather cleared, John and the others in  the delegation agreed to stay and join me with the long line of these  patriotic Troop Greeters to await the arrival of the airplanes.   I remember when I told John that there was a plane that would be  arriving shortly and then there was another one in a couple of hours,  he said: Of course, we will stay.   Well, you can imagine, having gone through the gauntlet of Mainers  greeting and welcoming the troops back home, hugging them, cheering  them, giving them cell phones, thanking them for their service, that  all of a sudden the troops realized they had just shaken hands with  John McCain; the legendary John McCain, who was so popular with  servicemembers. I saw them literally do a double take when the first  group went by, shook his hand, and then turned around and said to each  other: Wasn't that John McCain who just shook our hands?   They then came back and of course posed for pictures and chatted with  him and held up the rest of the line, who were very eager to see John.   I will never forget how thrilled these troops were to be greeted,  when they  [[Page S5945]]  were first setting foot back on American soil, by a true American hero,  John McCain; someone who had served our country with such courage and  character.   By the end of the day, John had spent 3 hours greeting two planeloads  of soldiers. He loved greeting them and posing for pictures. It was  such a heartwarming, unexpected event and a very special moment. It not  only gladdened the hearts of the troops but also of the Troop Greeters,  who were thrilled to have their hero with them.   It was vintage John McCain that he stayed even after the weather had  cleared and greeted each and every one of those troops.   John McCain did what he thought was right, regardless of the  political consequences. He had absolutely no interest in scoring  partisan political points on the Senate floor. He welcomed and would  listen to good ideas, whether they came from the Democratic or the  Republican side of the aisle. While he was always open to new evidence,  good ideas, and was capable of changing his mind, he was unshakeable  when he was convinced of the appropriateness of a course of action.   John was impatient. He wanted to get on with solving the problems  facing our country. He had no use for the political games that, sadly,  far too often are played in the Senate.   One often overlooked aspect of John was his love for the environment.  I once visited him at his beloved ranch in Sedona, and I was surprised  when he took me all over the property, pointing out birds, naming them,  and clearly taking such delight in the wildlife. Until that moment, I  did not know of his interest and love for nature.   Later on, I accompanied John on a trip he organized to the Arctic to  see the permafrost melting and to meet with Native Alaskans. We also  traveled to Antarctica, where we spent 4 days meeting with scientists  who told us of the impact of global warming.   He took me on so many trips and broadened my horizons. Four times we  went to Afghanistan, four times to Iraq. We went to Yemen. We went to  Libya and met with Colonel Qadhafi before he was overthrown and killed.  John taught me so much on these trips.   The principles that guided John's life are best summed up by his own  words from his beautiful autobiography, ``Faith of My Fathers.'' He  said: ``Glory belongs to the act of being constant to something greater  than yourself, to a cause, to your principles, to the people on whom  you rely, and who rely on you in return.''   John McCain was a statesman and a dear friend who was devoted to a  cause greater than himself, and that cause was the United States of  America.   It has been an honor to serve alongside him for nearly 21 years in  the U.S. Senate. Although he will be deeply missed by all of us, he  leaves behind an extraordinary legacy that will inspire Americans for  generations to come.   I yield the floor.   