 Thank you, Mr. President.   It has been 11 years since a Labor, Health and Human Services, and  Education appropriations bill has been considered on the Senate floor,  so let me begin my remarks this morning by commending the chairman and  ranking member of the full Appropriations Committee, Senators Shelby  and Leahy, for their determination to report each and every one of the  appropriations bills so they can be considered, fully debated, and  amended in the regular order. I also commend the subcommittee chairman,  Senator Blunt, and the ranking member, Senator Murray, for their  leadership in creating a bipartisan bill.   This bill will make critical investments in medical research, opioid  abuse prevention and treatment, the education of our students, and  strengthening America's workforce.   I appreciate so much that the subcommittee accommodated so many of my  priorities in crafting this bill. It has my very strong support. I am  particularly pleased that the bill includes another $2 billion increase  for the National Institutes of Health. Robust investments in biomedical  research will pay dividends for many American families struggling with  disease and disability, just as such research has enabled us to  prevent, treat, or cure other serious illnesses.   Notably, this year, for the first time, the bill reaches the  milestone of providing at least $2 billion a year for Alzheimer's  disease research--the amount that the advisory council to the National  Plan to Combat Alzheimer's Disease has calculated is needed to find an  effective treatment for this disease by the year 2025. Tomorrow, I will  join Senator Blunt and others of my colleagues delivering separate  remarks dedicated to this milestone achievement, but I did want to  briefly highlight that investment now.  [[Page S5794]]    As founder and the cochair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I am also  pleased this bill continues to recognize the importance of investing in  diabetes research. Since founding the caucus in 1997, funding for  diabetes has increased more than sixfold, from $319 million in 1997 to  $2 billion in 2018, and that is only appropriate. We know treating and  caring for older people with diabetes consumes approximately one out of  three Medicare dollars, so this is a very expensive disease as well as  one that causes a great deal of heartache and damage to those who are  diagnosed with type 2 diabetes later in life. I have also worked very  hard with the Juvenile Research Diabetes Foundation on type 1 diabetes,  which is usually diagnosed in childhood and is a lifelong disease. The  investments we have made have helped us make real breakthroughs in  diabetes treatment. The bill provides a $60 million increase for the  National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Disorders at  NIH. As the NIH's lead agency for diabetes research, this continued  investment is critical to preventing diabetes, improving the lives of  more than 30 million Americans, including 12 million seniors already  living with the disease, as well as providing the foundation to  ultimately discover a cure for type 1 diabetes.   This bill provides $3.7 billion in the fight against the opioid  epidemic that is gripping our country. Sadly, in my State of Maine, the  crisis has actually worsened with drug-related overdoses claiming the  lives of 407 people in Maine last year, according to the new statistics  from the Centers for Disease Prevention and Control.   The crisis in Maine shows no signs of abating. Indeed, the  contamination of heroin with fentanyl has made this crisis even worse,  taking the lives of even more who are in the grips of addiction. While  I am very hopeful the Senate will consider a comprehensive opioids  package put together by the Senate HELP Committee, to which many of us  contributed in the weeks ahead, it is imperative that the funds  provided in this appropriations bill reach our communities without  delay.   This legislation also funds key priorities for vulnerable seniors,  including the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, which I know  is of interest to the Presiding Officer because he represents the State  of Alaska, and that program is critical there, as it is in the State of  Maine. It funds the State Health Insurance Program, Meals on Wheels,  and other essential programs that make such a difference to our  seniors.   As chair of the Senate Committee on Aging, I am particularly  delighted that this bill provides a $300,000 increase to the  administration for community living for the establishment of the family  caregivers advisory council. This council was created by a bipartisan  bill that I introduced with Senator Baldwin, the RAISE Family  Caregivers Act, and it will help develop a coordinated strategic plan  to leverage our resources, promote best practices, and expand services  and training for our Nation's caregivers.   I am sure everyone here has had the experience of a parent who is  already older taking care of a disabled spouse--perhaps someone with  Alzheimer's disease, which is 24/7 for that caregiver. Caregivers need  more support and assistance. They need to know where to go. We need to  expand respite care, which is the No. 1 concern I hear from caregivers.  Respite care in rural areas is extremely difficult to find. The  hearings we have held in the Aging Committee have also put a spotlight  on the mobility challenges that many seniors face as they age, such as  difficulty climbing steep staircases that can lead to devastating  falls, performing routine household chores, taking care of themselves,  or being able to drive. This bill provides a $4 million increase for  the creation of a new aging and technology program to support the  development of assisted technology for seniors with disabilities in  rural areas. The University of Maine Center on Aging is doing such  interesting work in this area after collaborating with assisted living  facilities and talking directly to older Americans to find out what  they need. Sometimes it is merely a matter of renovating a bathroom or  putting up grab bars, installing sensors to make sure the refrigerator  door is being opened regularly so you know the older American is eating  properly. Sometimes it is more complicated than that. This center will  help us explore how technology can allow more of our seniors to age in  place and stay in the comfort, security, and privacy of their own  homes, where many of them long to be.   Maintaining access to care in rural areas is essential, and, thus, I  also support the inclusion of $71.5 million for the Rural Health Care  Services Outreach Grant Program. This bill also calls on the Federal  Government to remove arbitrary barriers around collaboration between  rural and nonrural health providers that could inadvertently close off  opportunities. We have seen that happen in my State, where a community  health center that is located in Bangor, ME, is trying to help a very  rural community, Jackman, ME, which unfortunately recently lost its  nursing home and was using the local hospital for assistance. We need  to have more collaboration and not let arbitrary bureaucratic rules  prevent that kind of cooperation. It is paramount that we do not  discourage innovative approaches in healthcare.   On a related note, I also applaud the inclusion of increased funding  to support community health centers, which serve approximately 27  million Americans, including upward of 186,000 individuals in the State  of Maine. Community health centers will only continue to play a larger  role in healthcare delivery as we seek to reduce overall healthcare  costs, as well as provide greater access to behavioral health and  substance use disorder prevention and treatment services.   In addition to key health and aging priorities, this bill also  supports essential programs at the Department of Education. Notably,  this bill provides increased investments in title I, which helps our  public schools serve low-income students. The student support in  academic enrichment grants, which help to provide students with well- rounded education, is an important program that brings art, music, and  technology to our rural community schools. I also strongly support the  increased investment in the Individuals with Disabilities Education  Act, IDEA, which has provided opportunities to children with  disabilities and helped many of them reach their full potential. Across  the State of Maine, superintendents, principals, and teachers tell me  that one of the most effective ways we can support education overall is  to better fund the Federal share of IDEA. That would help every single  school district.    When IDEA became law in 1975, Congress set a goal of providing 40  percent of the excess cost of serving students with disabilities. I  regret to say, we are nowhere near reaching that goal, but this  increase in funding for IDEA represents a step forward toward  fulfilling that commitment, and I hope we can do more next year.   This bill also funds teacher and school leader professional  development, and the Rural Education Achievement Program, a law that I  coauthored several years ago to bring additional resources to small and  rural schools. Students in rural America should have the same access to  Federal dollars and a good education as those living in urban and  suburban communities. REAP has helped to provide equity for small rural  schools in Maine and across the country. It has helped to support an  array of activities, such as new technology in classrooms, distance  learning opportunities, and professional development.   Here is a great example. REAP funding has helped Maine's small island  schools connect together to create an island reading program using  video conference technology that this program made affordable. In other  parts of Maine, REAP has helped schools acquire new technology  hardware, software, and to expand teacher training.   Having worked at a Maine college before I came to the Senate--Husson  University--I know firsthand this bill's important investments in  higher education, including Pell Grants and the TRIO Programs. The  University of Maine is one of those institutions that has a great TRIO  Program. It will help low-income and first-generation students access  college education. TRIO often makes the difference in a student's  ability to attend and complete a college education.   Funding for apprenticeships and workforce development programs are  [[Page S5795]]  also key priorities that will strengthen Maine's workforce, preparing  people with the skills and experience they need to succeed.   I could go on and on, but there are many others seeking recognition.  Let me just end by urging my colleagues to support the fiscal year 2019  Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education appropriations bill. It  is good and much needed legislation.   Thank you.    Mr. President, in 2010, Bangor Daily News journalist  Christopher Cousins wrote a touching essay on a fishing trip he had  taken with his young son to the Maine lake where he and his father had  fished throughout his childhood. It was his first trip back since his  father's death 3 years earlier.   That remarkable essay exploring the special bond between father and  child and the powerful link between fond memories of the past and hopes  for the future took on added poignancy on August 15 when Chris passed  away at age 42. At this difficult time, I offer my deepest condolences  to his wife, Jen, and his sons, Caleb and Jacob.   As a husband and father, Chris was devoted to his family. As a  consummate journalist who worked for several Maine newspapers, he was  devoted to the best ideals of his profession. His work covered a wide  range of subjects, but it consistently demonstrated a commitment to the  truth and to providing his readers with the information that is the  lifeblood of democracy.   Chris joined the Bangor Daily News in 2009, covering local news in  southern Penobscot and Somerset Counties with a keen understanding of  the issues that concern the people of Maine. In 2010, he covered the  Maine Gubernatorial race with extraordinary energy and insight.   In 2013, Chris became State house bureau chief for his newspaper.  Always tenacious and unfailingly fair, he earned the respect of  politicians on both sides of the aisle and throughout the halls of  government. His work ethic, skill as a writer, and belief in  accountability led to a better understanding of the complex and often  contentious issues that confront our State.   Chris's passing is a great loss to the people of Maine, his many  friends, and his colleagues at the Bangor Daily News. It is a  heartbreaking loss to his wonderful family, and I hope they will find  comfort in knowing that his contributions and accomplishments truly  made a difference to people throughout Maine.   