 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is no secret that powerful interests  are working to undermine our government. Giant companies and rightwing  billionaires have been pouring unlimited sums of money into making sure  our government works for those at the top and leaves everyone else  behind, and a key part of their strategy is to capture our courts.   During the Obama administration, those powerful interests and their  Republican allies in Congress executed an unprecedented campaign to  stop fairminded, impartial nominees from filling judicial vacancies.  Nominees weren't blocked because they were unqualified. They weren't  blocked because they were inexperienced. They weren't blocked because  they were out of the mainstream. They were blocked for one reason and  one reason alone: because they didn't demonstrate a sufficient  willingness to bend the law in favor of the rich and the powerful.   With Donald Trump as President, these same interests sense a once-in- a-lifetime opportunity to reshape our courts for years to come, and  they are working to stack our courts with narrow-minded elitists and  rightwing radicals. Stuart Kyle Duncan--President Trump's nominee to  sit on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals--is one of those nominees.   Mr. Duncan has spent his career working to restrict--not to expand,  but to restrict--civil rights in the United States. Over and over  again, he has sought to tilt the scales of justice against women,  against LGBTQ Americans, against people of color, and others. Mr.  Duncan's record of supporting discrimination and injustice is quite  lengthy, so I will focus on just a few of the most disturbing examples.  Let's start with his record on women's rights.   Mr. Duncan has worked to make it harder for women to access  contraceptive coverage and abortion services. He was the lead attorney  for the arts and crafts company Hobby Lobby in the Supreme Court case  of Burwell v. Hobby Lobby. In that case, he argued that business owners  should be allowed to refuse to provide female employees access to  contraceptive care based on those employers' religious views.   Mr. Duncan also filed briefs in many other Supreme Court cases,  petitioning the Court to restrict women's access to birth control and  abortion services, ignoring the fact that access to contraceptive care  can help women lead better, healthier, or more financially secure  lives. He is the man who is seeking a Federal judgeship.   Let's take a look at his record on LGBTQ rights. Mr. Duncan has  complained about what he calls the ``general acceptance of  homosexuality and homosexual practices'' in America, and he has worked  very hard to convince courts to adopt his narrow-minded view of the  world.   In the landmark Supreme Court case that legalized same-sex marriage  nationwide, Mr. Duncan filed briefs, asking the Court to reach the  opposite result. After the Supreme Court handed down those historic  decisions, Mr. Duncan, who, today, expects to be confirmed as a Federal  appellate judge, claimed that the decision would jeopardize civic peace  and openly questioned the Supreme Court's legitimacy.   Mr. Duncan also represented the Gloucester County School Board in its  effort to deny Gavin Grimm, who is a transgender high school boy, the  ability to use the boys' bathroom. He represented North Carolina's  General Assembly in a lawsuit that challenged the assembly's bathroom  bill banning transgender and gender-nonconforming individuals from  using restrooms that are consistent with their gender identities.   In his asking courts to allow government-sanctioned discrimination in  these cases, Mr. Duncan has completely ignored scientific evidence and  medical expertise. Instead, he has asserted that transgender  individuals are mentally ill. In one case, he argued that there was no  sound scientific evidence proving that individuals who identify as  transgender are not delusional.   In case after case, Mr. Duncan has defended discrimination and  injustice.   On voting rights, he defended North Carolina's discriminatory voter  ID law that a Federal court concluded targeted African-American voters  with almost ``surgical precision.''   On immigration, he filed briefs that opposed the Deferred Action for  Childhood Arrivals Program, DACA Program, which allowed Dreamers to  contribute to our schools, our communities, and our economy without  their having the constant fear of deportation.   On criminal justice, he fought to block the retroactive application  of the Supreme Court's decision that ruled it is unconstitutional to  sentence kids to life without parole.   Time and again, Mr. Duncan has been on the wrong side of justice and  has worked to undermine the civil rights of groups that have  historically faced discrimination.   Federal judges have one job and one job only--to dispense equal  justice under law. That means everyone--man or woman, gay or straight,  Black or Brown or White--should have confidence that the judges we hand  lifetime appointments to will put fairness and fidelity to the law over  their personal feelings or political ideologies.   Stuart Kyle Duncan has made it perfectly clear that he cannot and  will not meet that standard. That is why I will be voting to reject Mr.  Duncan's nomination, and I urge every Senator who believes in the  principle of equal justice under law to do the same.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wish to take a moment to thank Senator  Whitehouse for his bold leadership and continuing the fight to rid our  political system of dark money.   All across our country, teachers are taking to the streets to demand  what no teacher should ever have to ask for: fair pay and decent  benefits. In State after State, education has been cut to the bone.  They have even cut the bone. Kids are crammed into overcrowded  classrooms. They are handed tattered textbooks. Their teachers are paid  so little that some qualify for food stamps. In fact, salaries are so  low in some States that teachers are working two, three, and sometimes  four jobs just to make ends meet.   Many people don't know this, but teachers have always had a very  special place in my heart. As a little girl growing up in Oklahoma,  there was one person I admired more than anyone else in the world--my  second grade teacher, Mrs. Lee. I will never forget the day that Mrs.  Lee took me aside and explained that if I worked hard, I could become a  teacher too. Those words changed my life. Today, I am the daughter of a  maintenance man, who became a teacher, a professor, and a U.S. Senator  because America invested in teachers like Mrs. Lee, and that meant  investing in the thousands of students she reached through the years. I  am grateful to that America. I believe in that America. But I will be  honest--I am scared to death that our children and grandchildren may  never know that America.   Right now, in one of the richest nations on the planet, American  teachers are getting crushed. I want to tell you about one of those  teachers--Jonathan Moy, or Mr. Moy, as his students call him. He is a  teacher in Oklahoma. Every week, Mr. Moy juggles six jobs in addition  to teaching. Mr. Moy coaches two sports teams, drives for Uber and  Lyft, drives a schoolbus, and umpires a Little League team so that he  can provide for his two daughters.   Sadly, Mr. Moy's story is becoming all too common. According to one  estimate, teachers are five times more likely than other workers to  have a second job. No wonder teachers are taking to the streets in West  Virginia, Oklahoma, Kentucky, and Arizona. They have had enough.   I am standing shoulder to shoulder with teachers across the country  because they deserve better, because our children deserve better, and  because investment in teachers is an investment in our kids and  ultimately an investment in our future. Like many of my colleagues in  this Chamber and fellow Democrats across the country, I am in this  fight for the long haul, but if we are to be successful, if we ever  hope we can prevail, we should be clear-eyed about what it is that we  are up against.   The perilous state of affairs for education funding in our States is  not the simple result of a bunch of legislatures who, after listening  to their constituents, decided against supporting public education. No,  the movement of teacher protests sweeping the country has revealed  corruption--corruption that Republican-controlled States have been  sweeping under the rug for decades.   The steep cuts to education are the product of an all-out assault on  our teachers and our schools that has been launched by a handful of  billionaires. One of the principal tools rich and powerful people use  is dark money. They have created an invasive enemy that slithers out of  sight, with only a glimpse here or there, but make no mistake--this  dark money has helped shape the anti-teacher, anti-worker agenda that  undermines our democracy.   For decades, billionaires have been pouring unlimited, secret money  into the hands of carefully picked candidates who will do their  bidding. We often talk about the influence dark money has right here in  Washington, but the truth is, the real battle is being fought at the  State and local level.   Consider the State Policy Network, SPN. It is an umbrella alliance of  over 60 member organizations covering nearly every State in the United  States. Their member organizations hide behind deceptively apolitical  names, such as the Platte Institute for Economic Research or the Thomas  Jefferson Institute for Public Policy. These organizations are anything  but apolitical; these groups are the propaganda arm of rightwing  billionaires. The State Policy Network, for example, is bankrolled by  the Koch brothers through organizations like DonorsTrust, one of the  Kochs' favorite investment arms. In 2016 alone, DonorsTrust made $20.3  million in  [[Page S2376]]  grants to State Policy Network members.   In addition to affiliates, the State Policy Network has over 80  associate members. It is a who's who of rightwing Koch-funded groups,  such as the Americans for Prosperity Foundation, the Americans for Tax  Reform Foundation, the Cato Institute, and the Heritage Foundation.  Their funders also include an array of the biggest and most powerful  corporations, including tobacco giant Philip Morris, food giant Kraft,  and pharma giant GlaxoSmithKline.   The goal of the State Policy Network and its myriad affiliates is to  trick the public into thinking they are genuine, unbiased think tanks  researching public policy issues--think that, instead of rightwing,  billionaire-funded groups dedicated to hijacking every legislature in  America and passing laws that work for their corporations while they  leave everyone else behind.   With friends like the aggressively anti-union Koch brothers, it  should come as no surprise that one of the State Policy Network's top  priorities is dismantling public sector unions. In a 2016 fundraising  letter, the State Policy Network stated that its goal was to ``defund  and defang'' government unions, and it bragged about the work of its  affiliates to supply ``intellectual ammunition'' to weaken unions in  States across the country. It touted its work in West Virginia,  Indiana, Michigan, and Wisconsin, in shepherding passage of laws that  make it harder for unions to collect union dues that cover the costs of  collective bargaining.   Although it focuses on State policy, the State Policy Network's  agenda can have nationwide effects. Just look at the Supreme Court case  Janus v. AFSCME, which will determine whether public sector unions that  represent teachers, nurses, firefighters, and police officers in States  and cities around this country will actually be able to collect fees  from workplaces they represent--fees that allow them to negotiate for  better pay, better wages, and better working conditions. The Illinois  Policy Institute, a State Policy Network affiliate, works closely with  the groups pushing the Court to cut off unions' funding and force them  to represent workers who do not pay dues.   The State Policy Network's attack on the workers is just one prong of  a much larger campaign to hand government over to the rich and  powerful. As one of the many tentacles of the Koch network, the State  Policy Network also works to gut environmental protections that prevent  big corporations from poisoning our water, our food, and our air. It  works to dismantle Medicaid and other healthcare protections that  provide vulnerable, low-income individuals with basic healthcare. It  works to slash income and other State taxes that provide critical funds  for basic government services. It works to weaken public pensions that  provide government workers with financial security and retirement.   Billionaires and special interests are conspiring to buy our  political system. We cannot allow this to happen. That is why I am  proud to join my colleagues in support of bills like the DISCLOSE Act  to shine a light on the dark web of billionaires who have their hands  tightly gripped around the neck of our democracy. Our government should  belong to the people, not to wealthy special interests.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   