 Mr. Speaker, the failure of President Trump and the  Republican-controlled Congress to do their work on time and in good  faith has serious consequences for our country and for our national  security.   The Republican approach of governing by short-term continuing  resolution deprives our military of long-term budget certainty that  they need to keep our country safe.   President Trump's Secretary of Defense has warned of the severe harm  operating under continuing resolutions and the harm that it has done to  our military readiness.   Mr. Speaker, it is time for the President and for Republicans to end  this chaos and to work with us on a long-term budget deal that reopens  our government, adequately funds our military, and upholds our  commitments here at home.   Sadly, the government shutdown that began at midnight means that  hundreds of thousands of government employees who serve in critical  roles keeping us safe will now be forced to work without pay. We all  thank them for their service.   As the President himself has acknowledged, the Republican-inflicted  shutdown means that our active military will not get paid, causing  serious repercussions for their families.   I grew up in a military family and I understand the sacrifices our  servicemembers and their families make. And I know all of us, as  Democrats and Republicans, agree that it is just plain wrong to ask our  servicemen and -women in uniform to put their lives on the line without  pay.  [[Page H597]]    That is why we have introduced the Pay Our Military Act of 2018. This  bill provides for both pay and death benefits for our servicemen and - women during this government shutdown. It includes pay and support for  the Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force, and the Coast Guard. This bill  ensures that our military is able to perform their duties during any  shutdown this fiscal year without worrying about the financial security  of their families.   Should one of our servicemen or -women take and make the ultimate  sacrifice, this bill ensures that their family will be taken care of by  our country. That is the least we can do.   There is a strong precedent for this bill. This House passed similar  legislation unanimously--unanimously--during the last government  shutdown in 2013. This morning, President Trump tweeted that our  country needs to do even better by our military. The Pay Our Military  Act fulfills this mission.   I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question so we can bring up this  bill and pay our troops.   