 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, each year, the National Park Service collects  approximately $2 million in fees for medical services provided to park  visitors. Current law requires the Park Service to send the money it  collects for these services to the Treasury rather than keeping them in  the site where the services are performed. This requires the Park  Service to use money out of individual park budgets to mitigate the  costs associated with medical services.   H.R. 3607 authorizes the Park Service to collect and retain fees for  medical services, which would relieve some of the financial pressure  faced by our parks and ensure that these services will be available to  visitors.   Mr. Speaker, I believe that H.R. 3607 is a good bill, and I urge my  colleagues to vote for its passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4609 authorizes the conveyance of 3.61 acres of  National Forest System land to Dolores County, Colorado, for the  purpose of building a fire station. The language of this bill also  allows the United States to regain ownership of the land if the county  no longer uses it for its intended purpose.   During a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing in  February of this year, representatives from the Forest Service not only  expressed their support for this conveyance, but went on to note the  lack of non-Federal options for land suitable for building a fire  station in the area.   We can all agree on the importance of public safety. It is our duty  as Members of Congress to ensure that the brave men and women who serve  as firefighters in their communities have access to the infrastructure  they need to do their work.   Mr. Speaker, I support the adoption of the bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the  adoption of this bill. It is a great bill. It protects our first  responders and is something that we need to provide for them. As stated  earlier, the Forest Service has no other use for this land.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage adoption of the bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Soto), the author of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3961 amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to  direct a study of the Kissimmee River to potentially be added to the  National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.   The designation would prohibit dams and other projects that would  negatively impact the river's natural condition, but would not restrict  private land use.   Mr. Speaker, I support the passage of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians is one of three  federally recognized Cherokee Tribes. Their ancestral homeland includes  substantial parts of seven Eastern States, including Tennessee.   In 1979, the completion of the Tellico Dam by the Tennessee Valley  Authority caused a large area of their ancestral lands along the Little  Tennessee River to be flooded, covering many historic Tribal sites.   The Cherokee can never recover those flooded lands, but there are  other sites in the area that are in need of protection and  preservation.   H.R. 146 aids in this cause by transferring approximately 76 acres of  historically significant lands from the TVA to the United States to be  held in trust for the Eastern Band of Cherokee. This would give the  Eastern Band greater control over their historic homelands as well as  the opportunity to memorialize the history and culture of the Cherokee  people.   I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire if the gentleman from  California has any more speakers?    Mr. Speaker, I will close.   Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to  vote in favor of this great bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 443 authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to  study the suitability of designating the James K. Polk home in  Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System. The home is  the only surviving residence of our 11th President, President Polk, and  contains over 1,300 artifacts and original documents.   The National Park Service has previously testified in support of this  bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the bill and  helping us preserve an important part of our Nation's history.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, if I may inquire as to whether the  gentleman from California has any more speakers.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill and helping  us preserve an important part of our Nation's history.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 167 establishes Federal designation to an existing  memorial recognizing fallen educators from across our country at the  National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas.   The Fallen Educators Memorial currently includes the names of  educators and faculty from Columbine to Sandy Hook and many others who  have lost their lives while serving our Nation's youth. The bill's  designation will serve to further honor the countless educators that  have given everything while on the job.   I support this legislation, and urge my colleagues to vote in favor  of passing this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.   