 Mr. President, I thank my colleague, the Senator from  Rhode Island.   In Hawaii, we understand the importance of caring for our planet. The  Native Hawaiian community embraced the idea of ``malama `aina,'' a  respect for and responsibility to care for the land in a way that  protects our environment for future generations. That is why Hawaii has  led the way in enacting measures to fight climate change and safeguard  our natural resources. In the last few years alone, Hawaii has set  ambitious goals to move to 100-percent renewable energy and become  carbon neutral.   We were the first State in the country to commit to meeting the  objectives of the Paris climate agreement. In contrast, the Trump  administration has spent the last year and a half disparaging the idea  of protecting our land and natural resources. Donald Trump has taken  action after action to prioritize the interests of his supporters in  the fossil fuel industry at the expense of our environment.    The President filled his administration with appointees who refuse to  accept the realities of climate change. He named two Environmental  Protection Agency Administrators--Scott Pruitt and Andrew Wheeler--who  don't even believe in the EPA's mission of protecting the air we  breathe and the water we drink.   Administration officials have weakened rules that regulate pollution  and protections for our natural resources. These actions have led to  lawsuits by groups who embrace ``malama `aina'' and seek to protect our  environment. These lawsuits will be decided by our courts. The outcomes  will depend on an independent, fair, and unbiased judiciary.   A number of these cases will come before the Supreme Court. In the  October term, the Court will be hearing a case called Weyerhaeuser  Company v. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to decide whether the Federal  Government can protect endangered species on private land. Cases making  their way through the lower courts include California v. EPA, which  challenges the Federal Government's regulations on vehicle emissions,  and West Virginia v. EPA, which challenges President Obama's Clean  Power Plan. These cases raise crucial questions that will determine  whether the government has the power to protect our environment. The  answers to those questions may very well come from the Supreme Court.   The President's nominee to the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh, raises  serious concerns about whether he would be that fair arbiter on  environmental issues, the kinds of cases that will surely come before  the Supreme Court. Throughout his time on the circuit court of appeals,  Judge Kavanaugh has argued for weakening environmental regulations.  Basically, his decisions benefit industry over the environment.   In Coalition for Responsible Regulation, Inc. v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh  argued that the EPA should not regulate greenhouse gases under the  Clean Air Act because the cost to business was more important than  protecting the environment and public health from climate change. He  said that the EPA should not include greenhouse gases in the  interpretation of the statute that says EPA can regulate any air  pollutant because, as far as Judge Kavanaugh was concerned, such a  requirement or enabling the EPA to do that would result in higher costs  for businesses. Judge Kavanaugh did not consider the cost to the  environment.   In Hawaii, we are already paying the price of climate change caused  by greenhouse gases. Our coastlines are disappearing, corals in our  oceans are dying, and catastrophic floods are becoming more frequent  and more severe. The science behind the need to regulate greenhouse  gases is clear. This message is lost on the President and apparently on  Brett Kavanaugh, as he argued for a very limited interpretation of the  EPA's authority to regulate.   In another environmental case, Judge Kavanaugh sided with the fossil  fuel industry in his dissent in White Stallion Energy Center v. EPA in  2014. He argued that under the Clean Air Act, the EPA should not-- should not--regulate toxic air pollutants from powerplants without  factoring in what those regulations would cost polluters. The majority  disagreed with Judge Kavanaugh, saying that the EPA's approach ``is  clearly permissible,'' consistent with prior Supreme Court instruction,  and consistent with the purpose of the legislation, which was, of  course, to protect the environment and the health and safety of people.  When the case went to the Supreme Court, then-Justice Scalia quoted  Judge Kavanaugh in his reversal.   Judge Kavanaugh's opinions even went so far as to attempt to restrict  the manufacture and sale of renewable fuel. In a 2012 case, Grocery  Manufacturers Association v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh opposed the EPA's  grant of E15 waivers. These waivers would permit the manufacture and  sale of a type of renewable fuel that would help our Nation decrease  its dependence on foreign oil. In his dissent, Judge Kavanaugh argued  that the EPA's rule permitting this renewable fuel would in effect  force the production of renewable fuel. There is nothing in the statute  that talked about forcing anybody to do anything. Actually, the word in  the statute is ``permit.'' Permitting is not the same as forcing. Of  course, Judge Kavanaugh certainly knew the difference before taking a  position that supported the fossil fuel industry.   Judge Kavanaugh's record on these environmental issues makes it  highly likely that as a Supreme Court Justice, he would favor fossil  fuel interests over human health, renewable energy, and protecting our  planet.   Senators have a constitutional responsibility to provide advice and  consent on all judicial nominations, particularly those to the highest  Court in the land, the Supreme Court. This responsibility requires us  to take note of the fact that the Trump administration continues to  fill the courts with deeply conservative, ideologically driven judges  who will hold lifetime positions. The administration and their  conservative allies expect that some of these judges will continue on  to appellate courts and to the Supreme Court.   Mr. President, this week, we will be voting on two nominees for  Federal appellate courts: Andrew Oldham from Texas for the Fifth  Circuit and Ryan Bounds from Oregon for the Ninth Circuit. I will be  voting no on both of these nominations.   Andrew Oldham has been an ideological warrior behind some of Texas  Governor Greg Abbott's most extreme positions against a woman's right  to choose, against LGBTQ people, and against solutions for the 800,000- plus Dreamers put at risk for deportation by Donald Trump's rescinding  of DACA.   In 2013, as deputy solicitor general of Texas, Mr. Oldham defended a  severe anti-choice Texas law, HB2, that put restrictions on doctors  delivering reproductive healthcare. The restrictive provisions were  upheld by the Fifth Circuit but struck down in a subsequent U.S.  Supreme Court case called Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt.   In 2014, Mr. Oldham served as counsel of record for Texas in its  successful challenge to the Deferred Action for Parental  Accountability, or the DAPA Program. DAPA would have provided  protections for the parents of Dreamers so families would not be  cruelly separated, as we are seeing with such terrible and sad results  today under Donald Trump's zero tolerance policy at the border.   While Mr. Oldham was advising Governor Abbott on legislation, his  boss supported or signed bills to restrict the rights of the LGBTQ  community by regulating bathroom usage in public schools and allowing  faith-based groups to deny adoptive and foster parents who conflict  with their beliefs.  [[Page S4998]]    In his response to the Senate Judiciary Committee's questions about  these extreme positions, Mr. Oldham sought to discount them as merely  advocacy positions on behalf of a client, that being the Governor of  the State of Texas, while Mr. Oldham's career shows otherwise.   