 Mr. Speaker, during his State of  the Union address, President Trump was quick to tout how the  unemployment rate among black Americans dropped to 6.8 percent in  December 2017--the lowest level ever recorded since the Bureau of Labor  Statistics first began tracking unemployment numbers by race in 1972.  However, President Trump's rosy narrative ignores a host of other facts  that paint a very different picture for members of the black community  under the new administration.   For one, President Trump's statement ignores important context  surrounding this figure. From January to December 2017 under President  Trump, black unemployment dropped 1 percentage point. Comparatively,  under President Obama, unemployment among black Americans dropped by 1  percentage point during the same period in 2016; then by 1.9 points in  2015; then by 1.5 points in 2014; and then by 1.8 points in 2013. We  must not forget that it was President Obama who pulled our country out  of the biggest economic downturn since the Great Recession, the effects  of which we are still benefitting from to this day. Ultimately, in  January 2018, we saw a huge jump in unemployment among the black  community to 7.7 percentage points.   The unemployment rate is not the only important indicator for  economic health. Average wealth is an important metric, and one that  points to a larger problem within our country. For example, for every  $100 in wealth accumulated by an average white family, the average  black family can expect to only have accumulated $5.04. For every $100  in income earned by the average white family, black families earn just  $57.30 on average. This wealth disparity has serious implications for  housing, education, social mobility, and other factors that impact  future earnings and wealth. Yet, in the face of these economic  indicators, President Trump still proposes making drastic cuts to  federal programs that help vulnerable segments of our population to  escape poverty.   Mr. Speaker, access to wealth is more important than simply providing  the means to purchase goods and services. Wealth enables families to  grow without the hindrance of debt, gain access to safer neighborhoods  and better schools, and become more equipped to pay for better  education. In the absence of this, you see what we are witnessing  within the black community--a racial wealth gap that continues to widen  as time marches on. We need to overcome the economic disparities that  have plagued the black community for generations and create new  opportunities to lift our most vulnerable out of poverty.   