 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for decades powerful interests have been  working to take over our courts and tilt the scales of justice in favor  of billionaires and giant corporations. President Trump has been all  in, nominating extreme and partisan judges to the Federal judiciary at  lightning speed.   Trump's judges can easily fill a ``Who's Who'' of radical, rightwing,  pro-corporate lawyers, but today I  [[Page S7122]]  want to focus on the nomination of one of the worst of the worst:  Thomas Farr, Trump's nominee to serve on the Federal District Court for  the Eastern District of North Carolina.   Thomas Farr has made his name as the go-to lawyer for the rich and  powerful. When the rental car company Avis and its franchisee were sued  for discriminating against African-American customers, Farr defended  the franchisee. When Pfizer was sued for sex discrimination and  creating a hostile work environment, Farr was there once again  representing the company.   Today, just a few weeks after millions of Americans went to the polls  to exercise the basic right at the core of our democracy, I want to  focus on one of the most pressing reasons my colleagues should vote  against the Farr nomination. His nomination will only deepen a plague  of voter suppression aimed at stripping Americans--particularly people  of color and marginalized groups--from exercising their lawful right to  vote.   Voter suppression is front and center on Farr's resume, including his  work for Jesse Helms, the former U.S. Senator and shameless bigot. Farr  worked as Helms' campaign lawyer while Helms led some of the most  blatantly racist political campaigns in modern history. For example, to  decrease Black turnout, Helms' Senate campaign mailed postcards to  125,000 voters in predominantly Black precincts, falsely claiming they  could be found ineligible to vote based on specific criteria involving  their location and length of residence and warning that they could face  criminal penalties if they voted.   That is just the beginning. In recent years, Farr represented the  North Carolina Legislature in a case challenging a discriminatory  voting bill that, according to one Federal appeals court, targeted  African Americans with ``almost surgical precision.'' The legislature  conducted research into voting practices that helped increase turnout  among African-American voters and then wrote a bill that essentially  eliminated each of those practices. Farr was there to defend the  legislature when faith groups, civil rights groups, and the Obama  administration's Justice Department challenged the discriminatory law.  The law was ultimately found unconstitutional by the Federal appeals  court and was not reinstated by the Supreme Court. Later, when North  Carolina redrew its district lines in ways that discriminated against  African Americans, Farr was there once again to defend the legislature.    Thomas Farr's nomination is particularly troubling given the blizzard  of efforts in recent years aimed at stopping Americans from casting  their votes. State after State has passed restrictive voter ID laws,  purged voting rolls, limited opportunities to register, and erected  other barriers to the democratic process.   We saw voter suppression rear its head during this year's midterm  elections, perhaps most vividly in the State of Georgia. Democratic  gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams ran a grassroots campaign that  sought to lift up Georgians from all backgrounds and to lead a record  turnout vote among African Americans, LGBTQ individuals, and young  people, but her opponent, Georgia's Secretary of State Brian Kemp, not  only refused to recuse himself from overseeing the same election that  he happened to be running in, but he openly used the power of his  office to suppress voters, especially in communities of color.   In North Dakota, the Republican-controlled legislature passed a voter  ID law that required prospective voters to present an ID with an  address, but not just any ID with an address, one that contained a  residential street address. Now, this law disproportionately  disadvantaged voters in Native American communities, which sometimes  use post office addresses or other kinds of residential addresses,  rather than residential street addresses.   What we saw in Georgia and North Dakota was egregious, but it was by  no means new. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, since 2010,  24 States, most of which are under Republican control, have implemented  measures to make it harder for American citizens to vote.   The Republican Party and President Trump are leading this effort with  a bull's-eye on Americans who may not be inclined to vote for them.  After the 2016 election, Trump falsely claimed that millions of people  voted illegally, and months after taking office, he established a sham  voter fraud commission. Trump's Justice Department has been in  lockstep, reversing its position in a case challenging Texas'  discriminatory voter ID laws, requesting that States turn over voter  roll information in an apparent move to purge voter rolls, and filing a  brief in an Ohio case arguing that it should be easier for States to  purge voters from voter rolls.   Republicans know that every time they try to lock voters out of the  Democratic process, they are going to get challenged in court, but they  have a plan for that. They have been working at breakneck speed to  stack Federal courts with a cadre of conservative Federal judges whose  records show that they have no intention of protecting democracy. Why?  Because the fight for our democracy is a fight over who government  works for. Does it work for the rich and powerful or does it work for  all of us?   Putting Thomas Farr on the bench is a way for politicians to wall off  access to the democratic process so they can keep on working for  billionaires and giant corporations. The Eastern District of North  Carolina, the district in which Farr has been nominated to serve, is 27  percent African American. Yet the Federal court has not had an African- American judge--not one, not ever.   President Obama attempted to change that by nominating two impressive  African-American women to serve as judges in that district, individuals  dedicated to ensuring that every American had an equal opportunity to  democracy, but Republican Senators refused to allow their nominations  to move forward. Now Republicans want to hand that seat to a man who  has made it his job to make it harder for North Carolinians to exercise  the right to vote.   The literacy tests, poll taxes, and grandfather clauses of the Jim  Crow era may be of a bygone era, but today, Americans--and particularly  Americans of color--face new, steep barriers to the ballot box. Farr  has made it his job to ensure that those barriers remain in place.   If we truly believe that our court should defend equal justice under  law, then every Member of this Chamber must vote no on Thomas Farr.   