 Mr. President, I am rising today at a very important  time for our country because who sits on the Supreme Court matters. It  really matters. From healthcare to civil rights, to the safety of the  air we breathe and the water we drink, to the ability to raise our  families and pursue the  [[Page S6590]]  American dream, to the very health of our democracy, decisions made by  the Supreme Court affect us every single day.   As my colleagues know, I was born in Michigan. I have lived in  Michigan my whole life. My whole family is still in Michigan. I am so  grateful for that. Every decision I make in the U.S. Senate puts the  people of Michigan first. My decision to oppose Judge Brett Kavanaugh  is no exception.   The allegations that have been made against Judge Kavanaugh deserve  to be taken extremely seriously. Even before the allegations came to  light, Judge Kavanaugh's record and his writings too often have gone  against what is best for Michigan families.   When confronted with cases that have special interests on one side  and people on the other side, he has consistently sided with the  special interests. That is certainly true when it comes to healthcare.  Healthcare isn't political; it is personal for every single one of us.  Michigan families know what they need: quality, affordable healthcare,  including prescription drugs, and Michigan women deserve to make their  own reproductive health decisions.   Right now, a court case is pending in which the Trump administration  is refusing to defend the law that protects people with preexisting  conditions--people like Amy, a small business owner with chronic  leukemia, and Louisa, a beautiful little girl born with half a heart.  Half of Michigan families include someone with a preexisting condition,  like high blood pressure, heart disease, asthma, diabetes, cancer. They  deserve to know that healthcare will be there when they need it.   Yet, if this case were to come before the U.S. Supreme Court and if  Judge Kavanaugh were a member, I believe many families in Michigan  would find themselves with no coverage and no care. We need judges who  will make decisions based on what is best for people--not drug  companies, not insurance companies, but for people.   A second issue on the minds of our families is our water and the  Great Lakes, just like the people of Flint who still struggle with lead  in their water. Ask the people in at least 15 Michigan communities  whose water is contaminated with what we now call PFAS chemicals. That  is an industrial chemical that has been linked to cancer and other  diseases. Again and again, Judge Kavanaugh has ruled on behalf of  polluters, not people.   In one case, he argued that the Environmental Protection Agency  exceeded its authority by trying to address pollution from one State  that drifted into another State--as if somehow the air was going to  stop at the border. Thankfully, the Supreme Court voted 6 to 2 to  overturn his decision. What would happen to our air and water if he is  one of the people who is deciding this, particularly if he were to be  the tie vote?   Third, I am deeply concerned by his belief in essentially unlimited  Presidential power. In 2016, when asked what single case he would like  to see overturned, Judge Kavanaugh said he would like to ``put the  final nail'' in a three-decades-old Supreme Court decision that said  independent counsels investigating the President are constitutional.   Judge Kavanaugh has also written that if a President doesn't like the  law, he can simply decide it is unconstitutional. He can simply refuse  to enforce it. That might be how things work in Russia, in North Korea,  and in Syria. It is not how things are supposed to work in America  under our democracy.   We have three separate branches of government. We need judges who  will ensure that no one--no one, not even the President of the United  States--is above the law.   Also, Judge Kavanaugh's views on what we now call dark money in our  elections also concerns me greatly. In one 2011 case, Judge Kavanaugh  ruled that foreign nationals could not campaign for or contribute money  to candidates. That sounds good. Unfortunately, he then went on to say  that foreign nationals can take part in issue advocacy--giving money  for issue advocacy in American elections. In other words, Russians can  contribute as much as they want to an issue group, which can then spend  on behalf of candidates.   In this way, Judge Kavanaugh opened the door for unlimited dark money  from foreign nationals--foreign entities in our American elections. Do  we imagine he will rule differently from a seat on the U.S. Supreme  Court?   Finally, there are the very serious allegations made against Judge  Kavanaugh and serious questions about how he has responded to them.   In this country, we have due process. We want accusers to be heard  and the accused to be able to defend themselves. That is why it is so  important that we heard from both Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Christine  Ford.   I found Dr. Ford to be highly credible. Her testimony was heart- wrenching. I believe Dr. Ford. Her story resonated with so many women  because many of us have felt that same fear and heard the same laughter  that she described. It takes an incredible amount of courage to speak  up, and I know women across the country are grateful to Dr. Ford for  doing so. I am grateful for the countless women who have called or  written me with their stories of what has happened to them, oftentimes  decades ago. I hope we are going to come to a point when all of this is  over and use this as an opportunity to make sure that when something  happens, women feel they can report it immediately and will be taken  seriously, and we will have a due process system that works immediately  to address these issues.   I reviewed the FBI background file on Judge Kavanaugh. Unfortunately,  I was very disappointed in the very limited scope. It did nothing to  alleviate my concerns about the allegations, his truthfulness before  the Senate Judiciary Committee, or his suitability to sit on the  Supreme Court.   Judge Kavanaugh's demeanor during the hearing was a shocking display  of entitlement. No one is promised a Supreme Court seat or entitled to  a job interview. There are many people qualified to hold that kind of a  position. But his sense of entitlement and condescension toward members  of the Senate committee who were simply doing their jobs was shocking  to me.   Again, no one is owed a seat on the U.S. Supreme Court. We are  talking about a lifetime appointment and an immense amount of power  over people's lives.   Someone once said this: ``The Supreme Court must never be viewed as a  partisan institution. The Justices on the Supreme Court do not sit on  opposite sides of an aisle. They do not caucus in separate rooms.''   That person was Brett Kavanaugh. He clearly has failed to meet his  own standard. I know he has failed to meet mine.   The people of Michigan deserve better. The people of America deserve  better. They deserve someone on the Supreme Court who understands their  lives and will stand up for them, not special interests.   They deserve someone on the Supreme Court who understands that  nobody--not even the President of the United States--is above the law.   They deserve someone on the Supreme Court who will work to keep dark  money from foreign entities out of our elections.   And they deserve someone on the Supreme Court who has consistently  lived up to the high standards we ought to demand of our Nation's  leaders.   In Michigan, we teach our children that character matters. Now it is  time to show that we mean it.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation to  the U.S. Supreme Court.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   