 Mr. Chair, as the designee of Ranking Member Lowey, I  move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chair, I acknowledge the work of the appropriators.  As an appropriator myself, I have great respect for the work that they  do. But I have concerns about the bill that is before us on the floor  today.   Mr. Chair, as you know, a budget should be a statement of our  national values. What is important to us as a Nation should be how we  allocate our resources in that budget, and its manifestations in terms  of appropriations bills should not be doing harm. This is really a  partisan spending bill that tramples over some of our American values,  gutting smart investments in our economy, hurting Americans' health,  and endangering families.   The Republicans are pushing forward a minibus appropriations bill  that fails to protect the interests of the American people.   Many of us have been attracted to the political process--as moms, as  parents--to effect public policy to promote the well-being of our  children in ways that are beyond our own control. We can give them all  the love, attention, and care, but we cannot guarantee the quality of  air that they breathe, the cleanliness of the water that they drink,  and the world in which they live in terms of the environment.  [[Page H4996]]    So I have very serious concerns about the danger posed in the Energy  and Water portion of this bill. It cuts vital clean energy initiatives,  even as gas prices surge because of the President's reckless policies.  It attacks job-creating investments in transformational energy  technologies and slashes funding for critical nuclear nonproliferation  priorities.   In terms of the children of whom I spoke earlier, this GOP bill also  includes unacceptable poison pill riders that permit deadly firearms to  be carried on public land, assaults the clean water our children drink,  encourages pollution of our oceans, and pushes our Nation's already  endangered species toward extinction.   This bad bill is a first step in the Republicans' plan to choke off  funding--and this is really the critical part of it for me--for vital  Democratic priorities for America's families later in the  appropriations process. It paves the way for their plan to starve key  investments in health, education, and good-paying jobs for communities  across the country.   Mr. Chairman, the Republicans are wasting everyone's time when we  should be focused on meeting the urgent needs of the American people.  The majority has spent this entire Congress stacking the deck for  special interests, as they do in these poison pills in this bill, while  undermining the interests of families.   The Democrats are focusing on what matters in the lives of the  American people. We are committed to giving the American people A  Better Deal: Better Jobs, Better Pay, Better Future; and for our  children, not to promote air pollution, which is what this bill would  do, but to eliminate it.   I urge my colleagues to join in voting ``no'' on this bill for our  economy. You know what the sad part of it is: it is so close to doing a  better job for the American people. The poison pills take it in a bad  direction. The process under which it was put forth is harmful to other  priorities that I know we share in a bipartisan way across the aisle.   Hopefully we can work more closely as we go forward in a bipartisan  way. That is the tradition of the Appropriations Committee.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   