 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from New  York, who is on the floor today, for her leadership on this very  important issue.   I am here to join in the discussion on one of the most pressing  issues facing American families all across our country--our Nation's  outdated family leave policy. About 2 weeks ago, I announced that I am  expecting a baby girl in April. The support for my announcement has  been overwhelming, and I am grateful for it. I have received so many  congratulations and lots of questions about my daughter-to-be. I have  also gotten questions about how I balance being a working mother and a  legislator, how I expect to handle having a newborn and a 3-year-old as  I continue my work here in the U.S. Senate.   I know these questions come from a good place, but let's be real. It  is 2018. Women have been having children since the beginning of  humanity, and I am nowhere near the first person to be a working mom.  In fact, my colleague was a working mom and legislator long before I  was.   Millions of women have been balancing the demands of their job and  their families ever since female trailblazers first joined the working  world, but you wouldn't know that based on the policies we have adopted  as a country. The United States is one of just a handful of developed  countries in the world that doesn't offer paid maternity leave, and one  of the very few industrialized nations that doesn't offer paid parental  or family leave to parents.   Across our Nation, working parents face barriers to staying in the  workforce. Lack of access to affordable child care and paid family  medical and parental leave forces people to choose between taking care  of their children or a sick family member and losing their job and  their health insurance. That hurts our entire country. That is why, as  we mark the 25th anniversary of the Family and Medical Leave Act today,  I want to highlight the commonsense legislation my colleagues and I  have introduced to make the workplace more accommodating for working  parents.   Senator Gillibrand has a great bill, the FAMILY Act, which would do  just that by creating a universal family and medical leave insurance  program that would cost employers and employees less than $1.50 per  week on average. This is the ultimate in self-help. This is people  helping themselves so that they can have the leave they need when their  families need it.   Senator Patty Murray's Child Care for Working Families Act would  ensure every family has access to affordable and high-quality child  care. And my Child Care Access Means Parents in Schools Reauthorization  Act would increase access to on-campus care for student parents, who  make up more than one-quarter of all college students in America.   These bills are a great place to start, and we should take them up in  the Senate as soon as possible. After all, the FMLA passed in 1993.  While it was an important step forward for our country, it is not  comprehensive and it is nowhere near enough. Many workers across the  country are ineligible for it, don't qualify to receive unpaid time  off, and can't afford it. The FMLA does little to help Americans who  cannot afford to take unpaid time off from work, forcing people to  choose between a paycheck and being able to pay their mortgage and  support their own loved ones.   We need to do what we can to change that--to finally offer paid  parental leave like the rest of the world has. There is no reason we  can't get this done today, and we should get to work on it today.   I yield the floor.   