 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Washington for  her leadership and her articulation of a big issue before us. I too  rise today ahead of a vote that is of vital importance to protecting a  free and open internet.   Last week FCC Chairman Ajit Pai announced that June 11 would be the  date when key net neutrality protections will officially end. This  backward, misguided decision from the FCC threatens the consumer  friendly internet that Americans know today--an internet that ensures  equal access to content, regardless of which internet service provider  you use.   Ending net neutrality could impact all of our people. In New  Hampshire, our citizens are rightly concerned, with thousands of  Granite Staters contacting my office to urge Congress to save these key  protections.   I am pleased to join my colleagues, both Republican and Democrat, to  force a vote to do just that.   Reinstating net neutrality is critical to promoting innovation,  supporting entrepreneurs and small businesses across New Hampshire, and  encouraging economic growth. By ensuring that our businesses can  compete on the internet on an equal footing, we provide more  opportunity for a wide range of businesses, from high-tech companies  and startups to farming and agriculture.   On Monday, I visited Stoneyfield Farm in Londonderry, NH, to discuss  the negative impact that repealing net neutrality will have on their  business and countless other businesses across our State. Stoneyfield  is a New Hampshire business that sells organic dairy products all over  our country and relies on the internet to reach their customers. They  also rely on the internet to connect with small businesses and dairy  farmers that help source their products.   When I met with representatives from Stoneyfield and farmers from  around New England on Monday, they made clear that they are worried  about what could happen if smaller farms are charged more for access to  websites and services--a potential effect of repealing net neutrality.   Farmers are already operating on pretty small margins, and they could  be hurt by having to pay even more to get the kind of speed on the  internet they need in order to be competitive. This is particularly  troubling in rural areas, where many communities still face challenges  with access to broadband.   It is not just rural communities and farmers. This decision would  hurt small businesses in any number of industries across New Hampshire,  all to give big internet service providers another opportunity to raise  their profits.   It would be unfair to all consumers to give internet service  providers the power to discriminate against certain web pages, apps,  and streaming and video services by slowing them down, blocking them,  or favoring certain services while charging more for others.   Protecting a free and open internet means we are protecting the  farmers who need the internet to sell their products. It means we are  protecting the next great startup which needs a level playing field to  compete against larger, more established companies. It means we are  protecting the countless Americans who have used the internet as a  mechanism to organize and civically engage online.   There has been so much energy from Granite Staters and Americans who  are in favor of reinstating net neutrality because they know how much  is at stake. I am grateful for their efforts to speak out because they  have helped us get to this point today. I am hopeful more of my  Republican colleagues will join us today to put consumers and small  businesses first and to show that the U.S. Senate is in favor of a free  and open internet.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   