 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York  for holding this Special Order.   This is so important to speak to the Nation tonight, and we must keep  raising our voices until the President backs off and fixes this.   I am a Democrat, but I grew up in a conservative Republican family.  What we all had in common was the idea that children were sacred--to be  loved, to be cared for--and that families were the most important.   I grew up in a large, large family with many, many kids and many  adults around all the time. There wasn't any problem because we  understood that the children were what brought us together.   So here we are now. I am in Congress. I have been here for 8 years.  Never, ever, did I think that I would have to stand on the floor of the  House of Representatives and ask the President of the United States to  stop locking babies up, to stop putting babies in jail.   This plan, his executive order, is not going to solve this problem.   How big is this problem? In addition to the more than 2,000 children  and their parents--and we don't even know if the parents will ever be  able to be reunited with their children because their parents have been  deported--many of them--and separated, and they don't even know where  their children are, which is just heartbreaking.   I think we all saw those images the other night of little girls being  brought under the cover of darkness, after midnight, in New York.   Who is doing that to these little children who have done no harm to  them?   These children are refugees. They are not trying to break any laws.  They are refugees. They were fleeing from danger.   Their parents carried them in their arms many, many miles through  really treacherous terrain and conditions, to save them, just as so  many of our forefathers and -mothers did to save their children. So it  is hard for me to believe that we have to stand here and ask the  President of the United States not to lock up these people.   Now, there is a process, and everybody knows we need to have a  process and a procedure at the border. But this is just cruel,  inhumane, humiliating, and, frankly, has really hurt our image around  the world. Everybody--everybody--in this time and age is now seeing  these pictures of these little children and seeing their parents--they  are refugees--who are being turned away and wondering: Whatever  happened to the shining city on the hill? Shining city.   Whatever happened to us that we would do something like this? And why  are we doing this?   I am getting so many phone calls in my office, and I know that  everybody else is also. They are not coming from just Democrats or  Republicans. They are coming from people who have children, people who  love children, grandparents. They call up, they cry, and they say: Do  something. Make this stop now. I can't stand to see the pictures  anymore. What is happening down there?   Well, what is happening here is that we have a President who has  locked up children. We just need to say it.   When that first happened, they said they weren't separating the  children.   Then they said, well, they are separating the children, but they are  not in cages.   Then we saw the pictures that they actually are in cages. Then all of  our hearts broke.   This can't stay. This is a huge stain on this beautiful country that  has been known as a place of refuge.   We have been the place dreamt of by the world. Whe things have been  terrible in their own corner of the world, when they have suffered from  violence and they have suffered from war and all kinds of problems,  they dreamt of coming to America. And Americans welcomed them.    Something has changed. But not the American soul. It is not the  American heart. It is not the American people.   What has changed is the administration. We have a President who is  indifferent to this; and he has surrounded himself with people who are,  in the kindest words to say, indifferent to this.   We have to ask ourselves: Why are they doing this? Against all of our  moral values, against the outcry, against many people in their own  party who are saying: This is just wrong. This can't be right. We have  to stop.   Why does the President continue to do this?   Now they are talking about putting these children and their families  on military bases. Again, you have to think: What are we planning on  doing?   Why are we not using the same tools that we have been using that were  effective? Why do we have to imprison these little ones and their  parents?   And the conditions. They can say all they want about the conditions;  but we know that if you are in a tent in Texas in this season, you are  broiling hot. We also know that the conditions, where so many people  are packed in together, make it difficult to keep people healthy.   So these little children are not only coming exhausted from their  journey, but they are arriving and then are having to deal with all of  the other problems that they are seeing.   The damage that we are doing to these children will not go away,  ever. We have traumatized them.   I am a social worker. I have worked with vulnerable children and  their families, and I know that the scars that they are going to carry  will impact them forever.   It is not just impacting them. The pictures that have come out from  these places are absolutely locked in people's minds. When we have some  countries that are not friendly to America scolding us, something is  really wrong.   We have to insist that the President and his administration remember  that this is not about the President and his administration; this is  about our country. Not just his country. It is our country.   This is about our history of being the place of refuge and about  caring about people, welcoming them, and knowing that the refugees who  have come to our country--we like to brag about some of the people who  have arrived and brought incredible talents and advances in business  and technology and science. We always say that is because we were the  melting pot. We brought people in, and then they used their talents and  helped grow our economy and grow our country. That was something that  we bragged about.   We still say: Let's go have Mexican food. Let's go have Italian food.  We have embraced so much of this. It has just become a regular thing  because we have been a melting pot.   But we are not using that word anymore. Apparently, we don't feel  that children who are born under very difficult circumstances have a  right to seek refuge. We put those babies in jail.   Let that sit on our conscience for a little bit. More importantly,  let that sit on the conscience of the President of the United States.   It isn't right. We know how wrong this is. When we see other  countries talking about us and about our violations of human rights, we  really have lost it.   I beg the President tonight, I beg his administration, to open their  hearts, to look at these children, and to recognize that, when their  families came over, most of those families did not come over well  educated and with a lot of money in their pockets. Their forefathers  and -mothers, as did mine, came in search of a better life.   They were desperate, they were penniless, and they took a chance. No,  they didn't follow what we call proper channels because they weren't  there. The channels were, if you could get  [[Page H5493]]  enough money to get in a boat or you could get enough money to walk,  you came. Then you enriched this country with your presence, with your  hard work, with your embracing of American values.   Those American values are still there. The President needs to look  around and recognize the damage that he is doing to our image, the  damage that he is doing to those little ones, the damage that he is  doing to their families, and the damage he is doing to us right now.   He needs to stop, pause, and change direction.   