 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5192, the  Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act.   Mr. Speaker, most of us assume our children are safe from identity  theft. Most children don't have credit cards, and many don't have bank  accounts, so why would they be targeted? Unfortunately, there is a new  type of crime on the rise known as synthetic identity theft. This crime  targets children and accounts for billions of dollars in credit card  fraud.   Synthetic identity theft is happening right now, and it is hurting  real people. In Arizona, a 17-year-old girl discovered she had  accumulated over $275,000 in debt because her Social Security number  was linked to eight scammers and 42 accounts, including mortgages, auto  loans, and credit cards.   To pull off this fraud, criminals obtain a Social Security number  with no prior credit history, and they use it to apply for a credit  card under a fake name. While the first fraudulent credit card  application is usually denied, the failed attempt creates a ``synthetic  identity'' with credit bureaus. This allows thieves to apply for credit  cards, other lines of credit, cell phones, and other activities that  require a credit check. Over time, thieves are able to rack up  mountains of debt and ruin kids' credit before they have a chance to  build their futures.   Every day, Arizona families shouldn't have to worry about their kids  being targets of financial fraud and identity theft. Because financial  criminals constantly use new tricks to steal children's identities, we  must modernize and strengthen ID verification for everyday financial  activities.   Our bill, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, fights  back and gives Arizonans peace of mind. By directing the Social  Security Administration to modernize its ID verification system to  allow for more transactions to be screened and verified, we are taking  a commonsense step to ensure people are who they say they are. Our  commonsense bill closes a key security gap, helping to stop synthetic  identity theft in its tracks.   Thank you to Chairman Brady and special thanks to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Curbelo), my friend, for working together to protect our  children and crack down on fraudsters. Arizonans value their privacy,  and they want us to work together to protect it. I am happy to work  across the aisle to bring financial criminals to justice and help  hardworking Arizona families get ahead.   