 Mr. President, I rise to speak out in opposition to  the nomination of Ryan Bounds to sit on the U.S. Court of Appeals for  the Ninth Circuit.   I will be voting against his confirmation, and I ask all of my  colleagues to do the same. My reason for this is not just the fact that  in expressing his disdain for multicultural values in a series of  college writings, he compared efforts to build tolerance and promote  diversity to Nazi book burning; it is not just the fact that he  advocated against policies designed to make  [[Page S5034]]  LGBTQ students feel welcome and crack down on campus rapists; it is not  just the fact that when a bipartisan judicial selection committee asked  him to disclose past controversies, he deliberately misled the  committee and said there was nothing to worry about.   Now that his controversial writings have come to light, he refuses to  retract or show remorse for his statements. Instead, he brushes them  off as overbroad and overheated.   Ryan Bounds' writings show he does not believe in a tolerant and  diverse America, where women and people of color are treated with equal  respect. In my eyes, that alone disqualifies him from sitting on the  Federal bench, but Bounds has not received the blue-slip approval of  either Senator from his home State of Oregon. No judge in modern  history has ever been confirmed without a blue slip from either home  State Senator.   So a vote to confirm him is a direct attack on the Senate's  constitutional responsibility to advise and consent. The blue-slip  process is a critical function of the legislative branch. It gives  every Senator a chance to have a say in the Federal judges who serve in  their home State.   The nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit will  have a lifetime tenure. If confirmed, Ryan Bounds will have influence  over our legal system for the rest of his life. Don't the American  people and their elected officials deserve a say in whether he should  be allowed to fill that seat?   This debate is not just about one unqualified judge and his racist  ideas. It is about the duty of the legislative branch to serve as a  check and balance on the President. Over the course of the Trump  administration so far, we have seen an unprecedented attempt to  undermine the blue-slip process and pack the courts with judges favored  by corporations and special interests.   I urge my colleagues to take a stand against President Trump's  attacks on our legal system. Protect the integrity of the blue-slip  process and vote against Ryan Bounds' nomination. The power and  independence of the legislature is at stake.   I yield the floor.   