 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his  generosity and for his great leadership.   Mr. Speaker, we are truly here on a historic occasion. It is a rare  and crucial moment of bipartisanship. This is the way you can do it-- men and women, Republicans and Democrats, conservatives and liberals-- coming together to make this place better.   When I first started this work back in 2014, I dreamed, but I did not  dare to hope, that we would end up here today. Today, this bipartisan  group of legislators is taking a historic step that has plagued this  institution for generations.   For years, Members of Congress have gotten away with truly egregious  behavior by mistreating their staff. A story that will be etched in my  memory forever is a young woman who sat in my office earlier this year  and told me her story and who said, as she cried, the process was  almost worse than the harassment.   No more, ladies and gentlemen, no more will that be the case. Thanks  to the Me Too movement, the American public has made it clear that they  have had enough. They expect Congress to lead; and, for once, we are.   Today, I am proud to support the CAA Reform Act. Based on the ME TOO  Congress Act, which I introduced last fall, this bill empowers  survivors. They will no longer be subject to mandatory mediation. They  will be represented by counsel. They will no longer have cooling off  periods and periods where they have to be counseled legally, and they  have the right to sue.    Most importantly, it creates the kind of transparency that we talk  about but rarely ever provide, and Members--yes, Members--are going to  be held responsible for their bad behavior. We will require them to pay  the settlement in full in 90 days. If they can't do that, we will  garnish their wages, we will garnish their thrift saving plans, and we  will garnish their Social Security.   We would not be here today were it not for the unwavering commitment  of Chairman Harper, Ranking Member Brady, Speaker Ryan, Leader Pelosi,  Congressman Byrne--whom I was delighted to work with on this issue-- Congresswoman Brooks, Congressman Deutch, and the entire Committee on  House Administration.   This would not be here today but for the majority and minority  committee staff, especially Jamie Fleet, who has shown extraordinary  leadership, as has Kim Betz, for all the late nights and the lost  weekends to get this bill over the finish line. And to my staff, who  worked just as hard, to Molly Fishman and to Miriam Goldstein, I will  forever be grateful for what you have provided.    But our work is not done. The Me Too movement is driving  change from the boardrooms to the break rooms across our great country.  I am committed to ensuring that Congress looks beyond itself to improve  the lives of all workers in America.   Today, we take a great step forward for the congressional workplace.  We show that we can come together across party and geography. Tomorrow,  let us continue to work to make sexual harassment and violence in all  workplace settings a thing of the past.   