 Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking my good friend and  the ranking member, Collin Peterson, as well as my fellow conferees and  the staff for their leadership in negotiating this conference report.   The farm bill conference report is a good bill. It is not a perfect  bill, but certainly worthy of our support. I am pleased Members on both  sides of the aisle and across the Chamber were able to reach consensus  on how to show the American people that Congress can work together.   This agreement protects SNAP by rejecting proposals in the House farm  bill that would have severely weakened the program and taken food  assistance away from nearly 2 million people.   This agreement increases access to healthy foods in underserved  communities and takes steps to tackle food waste, which we know is a  major problem.   This agreement builds new opportunities to improve soil health and  water quality in the Great Lakes.   This agreement provides beginning and minority farmers and ranchers  additional tools and resources needed to own and operate successful  businesses.   This agreement authorizes $350 million per year for rural broadband  coverage.   This agreement expands investment in low-income, urban, and rural  communities.   Finally, this agreement provides certainty and sound agricultural  policies for America's producers and consumers. I encourage my  colleagues to join me and vote ``yes'' on the final conference report.    Mr. Speaker, the conference report for the 2018 Farm Bill  continues our safety net for farmers and maintains a safety net for  struggling Americans. I would like to share with my colleagues a little  bit more about how the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, also known  as the 2018 Farm Bill, makes key improvements to protect the integrity  of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP, while still  preserving critical food access for millions of families.   The bill does not accomplish everything on this front that I and many  of my democratic colleagues might have wanted. Many of us would have  been looking for ways to make needed investments in this vital food  benefit for tens of millions of Americans. But, the provisions related  to SNAP, the nation's most effective nutrition program, make modest and  useful improvements in this essential weapon in the fight against  hunger in our nation. Just as important, the bill protects SNAP by  rejecting proposals in the House Farm Bill that would have severely  weakened the program and taken food assistance away from nearly 2  million people.   First, I would like to talk about the SNAP improvements in the bill,  one of which will help people who are experiencing homelessness to get  better food assistance. SNAP's benefit formula assumes that families  will spend 30 percent of their net income for food. In determining  their net income, households can deduct certain expenses that limit the  funds they have available to pay for food, including housing.   Like other individuals and families, those who are homeless often  face housing costs, like paying for a motel room or reimbursing friends  or family for a temporary home. Congress created the homeless shelter  deduction to give them access to additional SNAP benefits by allowing  them to deduct their shelter costs. The 2002 Farm Bill improved the  deduction by allowing states to set it at a flat $143 rather than  requiring them to collect and submit the paperwork needed to verify  their shelter costs. My own state of Ohio adopted this option years  ago. I cannot understand why all states haven't taken this easy step to  assist homeless households obtain food assistance that reflects their  actual out of pocket costs. I am pleased the conference report requires  all states to adopt the deduction and raise the $143 figure each year  to reflect inflation, so the deduction keeps its value over time.   In setting the homeless shelter deduction as a standard part of the  program, the Farm Bill also maintains its key features. States will  have flexibility to decide what kinds of documentation they will accept  from clients claiming shelter costs, including the client's statement  of what they have been spending. And, states must continue to help  homeless households claim the regular shelter deduction rather than the  homeless deduction if that would get them more SNAP benefits.   Another SNAP improvement in the conference report will set the stage  for future, much-needed improvements in the basic SNAP benefit. The  bill includes a House Farm Bill provision requiring USDA to revise its  Thrifty Food Plan--which reflects the cost of a basic, nutritionally  adequate diet--on a regular basis to reflect the latest information on  food costs, actual consumption, and dietary guidelines. This is an  important step because SNAP benefit amounts are based on the Thrifty  Food Plan.   When USDA updates the Thrifty Food Plan to reflect current consumer  choices and newer healthy food guidelines, the Administration has  always required that USDA's new Thrifty Food Plan food basket cost the  same as the old basket. That means that USDA has had to make  unrealistic assumptions about what a typical household can actually do  to buy and prepare food. Academics, including the National Academy of  Sciences, have noted how distorted the current package is relative to  what is realistic about what households typically buy, how much time it  takes them and how much food that meets the dietary guidelines actually  costs--even when it is a very bare bones diet. I want to make clear  that our provision does not have that cost limitation and we fully  expect the Administration to report out to us what the cost of a modern  Thrifty Food Plan would costs. I expect that means that the cost will  increase and as a result that SNAP' s maximum allotment will also  increase, an adjustment that is long overdue.   The conference report also has provisions to help more food retailers  support SNAP. Nearly 9,700 Ohio food stores participate in SNAP. In my  own district, the 11th District, it is just over 800 stores, ranging  from large superstores to local farmers' markets. The new bill will  enable retailers to offer incentives for SNAP participants. Stores will  still have to treat SNAP participants like other customers, but with  one exception. Stores will now have the option of offering them modest  incentives, such as targeted coupons.   As I mentioned earlier, the conference report is as important for  what it does not do regarding SNAP as for what it does do. The  Conference Committee rejected all the harsh benefit and eligibility  changes in the House bill, which means SNAP will still be available to  the tens of millions of Americans who use it to help them afford a  decent diet.   Most notably, the conference report rejects the House approach of  taking away SNAP benefits from those who struggle to work. Instead, it  seeks to improve clients' job outcomes by focusing on job training. It  encourages states to work more directly with local employers, expands  the options that states have over the types of programs they can offer  through their SNAP employment and training programs, and reallocates  funds to states with existing pilot programs and states with programs  that target specific populations with barriers to work, such as the  formerly incarcerated. While job search will no longer be allowed as an  allowable stand-alone activity, states will be able to continue  supervised job search programs as they see fit, including online job  search that meets state supervision requirements and definitions.   The Conference Committee also rejected House provisions that would  shorten SNAP's three-month time limit to one month and expand the  population subject to the rule to a broader group of recipients. We  also rejected the House's proposal to limit states' flexibility to  waive high-unemployment areas from the three-month limit. Contrary to  statements by some House members, governors are aware of the waivers  their state SNAP agencies seek, but the conference report clarifies  current practice by stating that states seek should waivers with the  authority provided to them by their chief executive. We specifically  directed USDA that this clarification should have no impact on the  current waiver process and that the agency may not add additional steps  or clearances to the application process.   We also rejected the House's proposal to undo a long-standing state  option called categorical eligibility. Under this option, states can  import the gross income or asset tests from a TANF-funded program into  SNAP. States can simplify and streamline SNAP eligibility and  enrollment processes but easing these rules and they can expand who is  eligible for the program including more working poor, recently  unemployed with modest savings and more senior households with savings  above the federal limits. This House proposal would have eliminated  benefits for some 2 million people in nearly 1 million households. I  appreciate Senator Stabenow's leadership in fighting back against this  proposal.   Another House proposal the conference report wisely rejected would  force all states to require SNAP participants to cooperate with child  support enforcement--something that's now a state option as a condition  of SNAP eligibility. Given the deep concerns about the current option  we heard from community groups representing grandparents and victims of  domestic violence in states that have adopted it, we could not mandate  the option. In fact, we included a study on this option to better  understand its impact. USDA can help us gather more information about  the damage this option is causing particularly by gathering the  perspective of those individuals who avoid SNAP out of fear of having  to cooperate with child support enforcement.   In contrast to the issues I have discussed above, strengthening  SNAP's payment accuracy and reducing fraud is not a partisan question,  and the conference report reflects that fact. For example, it requires  all states to implement a pilot program called the National Accuracy  Clearinghouse, which uses data matching to ensure an individual or  household doesn't receive SNAP from two different states  simultaneously. This is relatively rare and can occur due to state  error or deliberate fraud. It usually is not due to fraud--instead, it  generally happens when SNAP participants move to a new state and apply  for benefits there, after notifying their former state that they were  leaving, but the former state does not expeditiously take them off the  program. Nevertheless, it is a problem that needs addressing, and this  new interstate data matching will help states do that by making their  processes for disenrolling families more efficient and accurate. This  will only be an improvement to the program if USDA ensures that this  process happens seamlessly for applicants, including resolving any  issues with a state that shows the clients remain enrolled. SNAP  participants are by their very nature struggling to afford food and  life's necessities. They cannot afford time of work, long distance  phone calls or attorneys to settle bureaucratic nuances. The sensible  approach would be simply to disenroll the client from the state  claiming dual enrollment and let it end there. Without evidence the  client was trying to commit a crime by enrolling twice, USDA and states  should assume innocent error and leave it at that.   One change that might surprise my colleagues is that we discovered  that by dropping a Senate pilot program on income verification  [[Page H10150]]  we might actually advance state efforts to streamline verification. The  Senate bill included a provision to test using third party data  sources, mostly run by private companies to verify income. Large  employers like big box stores or fast food chains employ many workers  who are also eligible for benefits. They often use a third-party vendor  to verify income for programs like SNAP and Medicaid. You would think  we would have been anxious to sort how best to move forward with  helping states to use this type of verification. The Conference  Committee came to understand that many states are already using these  private vendors to verify income. As it happens, states are paying for  these services for SNAP with a federal match, and the Department of  Health and Human Services (HHS) is also paying the same vendor for the  same data to assist states with verifying income for health benefit  determinations. States have access to the HHS data for Medicaid but  cannot use it for SNAP under the limits of the contract. Fortunately,  HHS can elect an option under the contract to share the same income  verification data they provide to Medicaid with SNAP. This would be an  extraordinary advancement in simplification and accuracy and it ought  to provide the federal government monetary savings. This type of  economy of scale in procurement would be a real windfall in contract  payment and improve benefit accuracy.   Also, to explore new ways SNAP can help low-income populations, the  conference report authorizes USDA to work with states to set up  longitudinal data sets using SNAP administrative data and other sources  that would allow states, USDA, and researchers to study caseload  dynamics and other issues over time. While our preference would be to  capture states' entire caseload for the dataset, perfection should not  be the enemy of the good. The goal is to pursue research, not to build  a perfect dataset. States can decide what will work best for them with  respect to how to construct the dataset--whether they want to use a  sample of their caseload or some other approach. By contrast, there  must be consistent federal rules ensuring the highest degree of data  privacy and security for clients. This data is meant to be available to  researchers and the public to use, so all personal identifying  information must be removed from the records.   That brings me to the issue of quality control. The conference report  includes several changes designed to create more consistency among  states in how they measure payment accuracy. In the past, FNS has not  evenly applied the rules in this area across states; the conference  report changes largely codify steps USDA is taking to help address this  problem. Going forward, FNS and the states must work together to  improve consistency in measuring payment accuracy. For its part, FNS  must strengthen federal review of state quality control procedures.   On a related issue, the final conference report eliminates bonuses to  states for high and improved performance in key aspects of program  operations. States are always expected to deliver high quality services  through SNAP to participants. This is required by law and is expected  by Congress and taxpayers. Quality, timely and accurate delivery of  benefits to eligible households is the basic standard. Eliminating  bonuses does not change that. Nor should it change USDA's scrutiny of  state performance on these fronts. Payment accuracy, including improper  denials, program access and timeliness are all standards against which  states must be measured, and when states to not perform to expected  standards, USDA must and will continue to take corrective actions.   In sum, while this legislation is necessarily a compromise, overall  it will make SNAP stronger and better able to help millions of  Americans put food on the table--including families with children,  persons with disabilities, and seniors. SNAP is more important to our  nation's seniors than many realize.   The typical SNAP household with an elderly member includes a single  elderly person with income of about $11,000 a year, or a little below  the poverty line. In fact, nearly 3 in 4 SNAP households with an  elderly member live in poverty. SNAP households with an elderly member  receive an average of about $1,500 a year in benefits.   The House Farm Bill would have cut SNAP eligibility for seniors, made  it harder for grandparents informally caring for their grandchildren to  participate in SNAP, and subjected older workers to work requirements  despite the difficulty they face in the labor market. One of the main  strengths of the conference report is that it does not include these  and other negative House proposals. That rejection, along with the  conference report's modest positive changes, will help SNAP continue to  fulfill its role of supporting needy families in our nation.   