 Thank you very much.   Mr. President, I would like to thank Senator Blunt for his work on  this. This is an incredibly important moment. We are completely  overhauling the sexual harassment policies of the Congress. This was an  antiquated policy that literally required 30 days of forced counseling,  30 days of forced mediation, and 30 days of a cooling-off period. It  was time for a change, and that is what we came together to do.   I wish thank our colleagues who have worked on this with us: Senators  Gillibrand, Murray, McCaskill, Harris; our working group on Rules,  including Senators Blunt, Feinstein, Cortez Masto, Capito, and Fischer;  and of course the two leaders, Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer,  who worked on this.   Senators Enzi and Kennedy would always say: If you can agree on  things 80 percent of the time, that is a good day. This is a good day  for changing the rules so that the deck is not stacked against victims,  who should be in a safe workplace.   Thank you, Senator Blunt.    Thank you very much.    I Thank the Senator for her question. The description  of harassment in section 111 of the bill is only relevant to the  determination of whether a Member is required to reimburse the Treasury  and is not intended to be used in other contexts.    Mr. President, Senator Blunt and I were here on the  floor earlier to talk about the bill that was just passed through the  Senate unanimously. That is the bill dealing with sexual harassment and  other harassment rules of the Congress. This was a joint effort, and I  wish to take this opportunity, first of all, to thank everyone who was  involved in this.   First and foremost is Senator Blunt, who has been a true partner. We  have worked on everything together, from adoption to tourism. Last  month, when he took over from Senator Shelby's able leadership of the  Rules Committee, he and I worked together on changing the Senate rules,  for the first time in the history of the Senate, to be more family  friendly. We worked with Senator Tammy Duckworth so that her baby will  be allowed on the floor, as will other children of male and female  Senators going forward.  [[Page S2908]]    The world is changing, and the Senate needs to change with it, and I  would argue that the Senate should be in the lead.   It is no surprise, then, that we have had a number of women staff  members take the lead and work with us on this bill. First is Lizzy  Peluso, who is my lead and the ranking member's staff director of our  Rules Committee. She was my chief of staff for a number of years and  moved over to be our lead on the Rules Committee. She has done a  tremendous job ushering in this legislation by listening to Members'  concerns and working with people on the legislation.   There is also Stacy McBride, who has the same role working for  Senator Blunt and has worked with him on this. We thank her for her  help as well.   I also want to mention Erin Sager Vaughn, who works with Senator  Schumer and has really done a lot of work on this bill.   It just was a team effort.   To John Abegg, from Senator McConnell's office, thank you for your  help as well.   I want to thank Travis Talvitie from my office for his work on this  bill.   This was a bill that was a long time in coming. I notice that there  has been some excellent work over in the House. We want to thank  Representative Speier and others who have been involved in their bill.  We know it is a little different than our bill. We look forward to  hearing them out and working with them as we move forward.   I did want to thank our colleagues in the Senate who supported this  bill and worked with us. That would be Senator Gillibrand, who has been  such a leader on this issue, Senator Murphy, Senator McCaskill, and  Senator Harris. Also, I want to thank our Rules Committee working  group: Senator Feinstein, Senator Cortez Masto, Senator Capito, and  Senator Fischer. All are women who serve on the Rules Committee and  know we had to change the rules.   I would say about this bill what Senator Enzi would always say about  his work with Senator Ted Kennedy: You have to start with the 80  percent that you agree on.   We found a lot to agree on when it came to reforming the process in  the Senate, which was literally staff against victims. It didn't  include interns. It didn't include a number of people who had worked in  the Senate. It was a very difficult process for people to bring claims.   Of course, our goal here is a safe workplace, not only in the Senate  and in the House, not only in all of the Federal Government, but really  across the country. So as much as this debate has been focused on  people who serve in positions of power--as it well should be--we also  have to remember the nurse on the frontline in the hospital and the  factory worker on the poultry line in Minnesota, and we should have  protections in place at all workplaces. I know this discussion is going  on across America, and we are more than ready to be part of that  discussion.   So what is the problem? First of all, we have a situation where we  had a 30-day forced counseling period. If someone were to bring a  harassment claim in the Senate, they had to go through 30 days of  forced mediation, even if they didn't want to mediate the claim. We had  a 30-day forced cooling-off period before they could have access to a  court. They could have been forced into a nondisclosure agreement.  Interns had no protection at all, and there was no actual transparency  around awards or settlement. It was literally set up to muzzle the  victims in these cases.   So what have we done? First of all, Senator Grassley and I worked on  this last fall, along with Senator Shelby and others, and on mandatory  training. I appreciate the leadership of Senator McConnell and Senator  Schumer in working with us on this and getting this done quickly so  that every staff member in the Senate, including every Senator, now  goes through sexual harassment training. That had to happen for the  first time by the end of January, and that happened.   We also were concerned that victims weren't reporting incidents.  After all, 75 percent of individuals who experienced sexual harassment  at work didn't report it. So we wanted to make sure we improved the  process so that would change.   What does this legislation do? First of all, as I mentioned, it  overhauls the process. That was our first and major goal--to make it  easier for victims. It allows a victim to immediately pursue an  administrative hearing or file a civil action--none of these cooling- off periods that are mandatory. It maintains the option for an employee  to go into mediation.   Secondly, there are immediate protections for staff. The bill that  just passed the Senate provides employees with immediate access to a  dedicated advocate who would provide consultation and assistance and  figure all of the options that they have and work with them on that.   As I mentioned, it covers interns, detailees, and others who work in  the Senate as unpaid staff. It provides opportunities for employees to  work remotely or request paid leave without fear of retribution, after  they have made a complaint. It requires that a notification of rights  of employees be posted within every employing office of the legislative  branch, including State and district offices. There are a number of  other provisions, which I will put in the Record, that are put in to  immediately protect staff.   Last, there is accountability for Members. This bill holds Members of  the House and Senate personally liable by requiring them to repay  awards and settlements stemming from acts of harassment that they  personally commit and ensures that Members who leave office would still  be responsible for repaying the Treasury, including garnishing  nongovernment wages and retirement annuities to ensure repayment.   It requires public reporting of awards and settlements, including  identifying if a Member of the House or Senate was personally liable.  It also requires claims to be automatically referred to the Committee  on Ethics for investigation or further action when there is a final  award or settlement.   Those are the top lines of the bill, but I think we know that it is  more than words on a page. It is more than going back and forth about  which provision would be better. This is really about the cases that we  have seen in the Senate and the House--that they be handled correctly,  and that we have a new and improved workplace going forward so that all  people feel safe, so that the culture here feels safe, and so that we  can be true leaders for workplaces across the country.   Again, this wouldn't have happened without the decision of many  Members who work here to, one, go out of their comfort zone and, two,  decide they were more interested in getting something done than having  a messaging bill. That is what every Senator here decided--that it was  more important to change this process.   A year from now--once we get this passed through the House, and we  work with them and we get this done--I believe we are going to come  back and have a different story to tell about the workplaces that we  work in.   I wish to thank my colleagues for making that decision to concretely  get something done instead of just pointing fingers at each other.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   