 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4635, the Peer-2-Peer  Counseling Act. I want to thank my friend and colleague, Mr. Coffman,  for his leadership on this very important issue.   The bill we are considering today will help ensure that our women  veterans are fully equipped to transition back to civilian life.   Women veterans are the single fastest growing group of veterans in  America. They face many challenges unique to our women warriors. Women  veterans need access to peer counselors who are trained in recovery  from military sexual trauma, post-traumatic stress, and mental health  conditions that they may be struggling with.   I think it is also worth noting that women veterans are  disproportionately juggling childcare, which complicates their ability  to seek treatment elsewhere. They have special needs and experiences.   Our women veterans should have the opportunity to receive the advice  and counseling from someone who knows what they have been and are still  going through as women warriors. We need to help ensure that they have  the resources to succeed.   The VA must also do more to help ensure that every veteran is able to  benefit from peer support and has awareness and access to those  services. That is why I am so pleased that this bill today requires the  VA to conduct outreach to ensure that our women veterans know how to  get access to this important and valuable assistance.   Too often, I hear from veterans in my home State of Connecticut that  they are simply unaware that these services are available. We may offer  them through the VA, but if our veterans don't know they are there,  they aren't going to get the benefits they deserve. In many cases,  programs exist to help our women veterans, but the veterans don't know  they are there.   Peer support counselors have been through a transition before. They  understand what it takes, and they can be particularly effective in  meeting the needs of our women warriors.   With the fastest growing number of women in this country who are  veterans, now nearly 2 million veterans in America--think about that, 2  million--we need to do better by them through the VA. This is an  important peer-to-peer counseling support program. I am delighted that  we came together as a committee with bipartisan support to support this  bill.   We are also urging other legislation named in honor of Deborah  Sampson, the first woman to serve this country, to serve America in the  Revolutionary War, who dressed as a man.   It is important that we reassure today's women in Active Duty and  those transitioning out that we will take care of them and their  families as they make that important transition to civilian life. They  have earned our support in the military. We need to provide it to them  as they transition out.   Again, I want to thank my colleagues on the committee, the chairman  and the ranking member, and Mr. Coffman for their important work.   I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.   