 Madam President, I am here to join Chairman Roberts  with his sense of urgency and his comments this morning.   We have worked very hard, and the distinguished Presiding Officer,  who is part of the committee, knows that we have produced a bill that  is a strong bipartisan bill. It has gone on to address many other  interests and needs that Members have brought forward in the  substitute, and we are now working with Members as well. But there is a  sense of urgency in the country. There are so many things right now  that are up in the air for farmers and ranchers. It is a very difficult  time.   This bill, really, is a bill that provides a safety net for farmers  and a safety net for families. As for families, because the economy is  getting better, we are actually saving money. Over $80 billion is going  to be saved in taxpayer dollars not used over the next 10 years because  the economy is getting better. People don't need temporary help.   But for our farmers, because of prices that have dropped  significantly, because of questions about trade and markets, because of  questions about labor and so many other things, they are under  tremendous stress.   Then, you add the weather. I was just in the Upper Peninsula of  Michigan on Sunday night and Monday, where rain came crashing down in  just a few hours and created flooding and mudslides and wiped out homes  and key operations and other things that are going to take  [[Page S4693]]  weeks and months for folks to recover from. The riskiest business in  the world is farming. Nobody else is getting up in the morning and  looking at the weather report and determining whether they are even  going to have a business.    By the way, we want them to have a business. We have the safest, most  affordable food supply in the world because of the folks who are  willing to get up every day and do this and take this risk for us and,  frankly, for the world. So we have a responsibility to them.   It just breaks my heart when I see headlines in the paper now about  the suicide rate going up for farmers. It is higher than for any other  group of people. Our strong dairy farmers are people who put everything  on the line, family operations, and because of the stress coming at  them from every way now, they are in a terrible situation. They are  counting on us to do what we can to provide certainty and stability for  them, and the No. 1 way we can do that is to get this bill passed. I  can't think of a better way to say ``Happy Fourth of July'' than to say  that the U.S. Senate, on a bipartisan basis, has overwhelmingly passed  a bill to support them.   We know there are other issues on both sides of the aisle. We know in  conference committee there is going to be a wild and woolly debate as  we go forward on a number of things. We understand there are other  issues we can revisit at that time. We both have been through  conference committees. We know what that is all about.   Here is what we know right now: We have a strong, bipartisan bill  that helps every single region of this country. We have a big, diverse  country, and we help all of our farmers and ranchers. We address  conservation in every part of our country. We address food access and  create integrity in programs that are very important to have, and we do  all of that in a bill we can be proud to pass on a bipartisan basis. So  now is the time to do that. Then we will continue working.   We know there is more we need to do to work with the House in coming  to a broader consensus. We know there are other issues our colleagues  will want to bring forward in that process, but today--today--we can  say to farmers and ranchers, large and small: We hear you. We  understand what is going on, and we are going to do what we can today  to provide the certainty and predictability they need and a sense of  confidence that there are people who are fighting for them and who are  going to continue to fight for them until we can get them the certainty  and predictability they need. I hope we are on path to doing that  today.   It has been my great pleasure to work with the chairman of the  committee. I am very grateful for our friendship and a great working  relationship. We are going to do everything we can today, working with  our colleagues, to get that done.    Madam President, if I might just take one more moment,  I just want to underscore what Chairman Roberts had said earlier. We  have 500 different organizations in support of this, from every piece  of the 12 titles, every part of the country, every agricultural group,  every conservation--we have hunting and fishing groups. We have folks  who care about international trade, folks who care about trading at  home with their neighbors, and people who care about food access. There  are 500 organizations that have come together around this bill with a  sense of urgency to get it done, so I am very hopeful we can do that  today.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, before the Senator from Minnesota  leaves, I want to thank her for her amazing leadership as one of the  senior members of the Agriculture Committee. She has not only made a  significant difference as it relates to energy--and she talked about  bioenergy and the biobased economy, which is so important for us, for  jobs and energy independence. She has been a real leader there, as well  as in conservation, commodities titles, local foods, and all of the  ways in which this bill has come together. So I thank the Senator from  Minnesota.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the amendment.   I want to step back and look at the reality of SNAP and the food  assistance program today.   The farm bill has two kinds of safety nets. It is a safety net for  farmers and a safety net for families.   The good news is, because the economy is doing better, we are going  to save over $80 billion in the next 10 years on the food and family  side because the economy is getting better and people don't need  temporary help and they are going back to work. The challenge for us is  that in this bill, we have a lot of farmers who need a safety net  because we have seen prices drop by 50 percent and weather disasters  and other things that have been very challenging for them.   So, No. 1, I think this is an amendment in search of a problem. No.  2, we already have work requirements--let's make that very, very clear.  Despite things that have been said before, we already have work  requirements in the SNAP program.   Now, 75 percent of those who get food help are senior citizens,  people with disabilities, and children and their parents--75 percent.  Of the 25 percent--they are required to work at least 20 hours a week,  and if they do not, then the most they can receive is up to 3 months'  worth of food help in a 3-year period.   The amendment essentially would limit and change that for people. For  instance, it would subject parents of children as young as 1 years old  to new work requirements, but there is no funding for training or  support for childcare or anything to help that mom be successful.   In the underlying bill, we have funded 10 States to help those who  have extra challenges get into full-time employment, and we add 8 more  States to that. That is the positive way to do it, not just saying that  moms of children as young as 1 years old have to meet a work  requirement in order to feed their children. This also eliminates  waivers that States use in high-unemployment areas, like Tribal areas.   Basically, what is being said here is that we shouldn't trust States.  I think about all the times we hear from my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle about State block grants and about supporting States.  This goes in the exact opposite direction--taking away the opportunity  for States to be able to ask for waivers in high-unemployment areas.   It also slashes work exemptions that States use to cover special  populations, such as veterans. It would incentivize States to cut  people off of SNAP by forcing States to meet unrealistic workforce  targets or face stiff penalties, and it would cut the amount of time  that someone--again, I mentioned that you have to work 20 hours a week;  otherwise, you can receive no more than 3 months' worth of food help in  a 3-year period. This would say ``No, no, no; 3 months is too much out  of 3 years'' and it would take it down to 1 month.   Finally, there is the Kennedy provision specifically requiring  household members to show picture IDs to purchase food. Colleagues  should know that this is strongly opposed by the Food Marketing  Institute and the National Grocers Association and the manufacturers.  It would impose new liabilities on more than 200,000 stores, including  small businesses that participate in SNAP, which would then be liable  and responsible for what happens under this provision.    It would create barriers for seniors, people with disabilities who  rely on caregivers to purchase their groceries, and others who depend  on someone else to get them their food assistance, and homeless  individuals, including veterans, without IDs might be denied food as a  result of this provision.   I join with the distinguished chairman who will be making a motion to  table this amendment. We will have the opportunity to thoughtfully  address these issues in a conference committee.   This amendment, in my judgment, would undermine what has been a very  positive bipartisan effort to get a farm bill done and, in fact, would  stop us from being able to complete this bill.    Mr. President, I will join with Chairman Roberts. We  are close to the final UC and to the final vote. We will ask folks to  stay close, and we hope to begin that process shortly, with everyone's  support and indulgence. Thank you.    Mr. President, I join with the chairman in asking  members to vote no on this amendment. Thank you.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    I thank the Senator.    Mr. President, I thank my partner and friend. This has  been a tremendous team effort, and it is a great pleasure to work with  the chairman.   Today the Senate has proven that bipartisanship is the way we can get  things done, and we all know that is the case. It is not always the  easiest path to take. However, when we put our differences aside and  focus on the needs of the communities and people we serve, that is how  we deliver a good bill. In this case, it is a bill that serves our  farmers, our families, and rural America. Over 500 food, agriculture,  and conservation leaders agree that this bill will provide certainty to  communities and to our farmers across the country.   From the start, we have had a collaborative process. We have built  this bill on feedback. We heard from farmers and local leaders at field  hearings and in our committee room. We added ideas proposed by Members  on both sides of the aisle, both on and off the committee. From our  committee markup to today, we have incorporated a total of 171 either  bipartisan bills introduced by Members or bipartisan amendments--171.   We were able to get a bill done because we never lost sight of the  importance of our agricultural economy and the 16 million jobs it  supports. I am proud that we voted in a bipartisan way to move this  bill forward. That is the good news for rural America and the men and  women who work hard every day to give us the safest, most affordable  food supply in the world.   Let me now give some thank-yous. As the chairman indicated, there are  many.   I appreciate very much the work of our Democratic leader and his  staff for their leadership and support through the process. I thank the  majority leader, who knows how important agriculture is to Kentucky. I  think we have some things in this bill that are going to make for an  even stronger agricultural economy in Kentucky, as well as around the  country. I appreciate that he moved this bill quickly on the Senate  floor.   Of course, I have to thank my friend and partner Senator Roberts, who  is chairman of the committee. He has stayed true to our commitment to  deliver a bipartisan bill and has worked extremely hard to get us here  today. I say: Congratulations, Mr. Chairman, and to all of our Senate  colleagues who supported this important bill.   I thank my incredible staff, as well as Senator Roberts' incredible  staff, for working together very hard, very consistently, putting  together a bipartisan bill--really, a historic farm bill--and  ultimately working as a team to get us over the goal line.   Of course, Joe Shultz and Jacqlyn Schneider, my staff director and  deputy staff director and policy director for the committee--true  leaders from start to finish. They have both been with me on the  committee staff since the very beginning, in 2011, when I chaired the  committee.   Joe has led our amazing team and has been living and breathing the  farm bill for the past year. You can sleep tonight, Joe.   Jacqlyn has done so as well. Jacqlyn is the heart and soul of our Ag  Committee, whose tremendous work over the past two farm bills has made  sure that we were protecting our families and supporting our specialty  crop producers. She led our efforts to develop groundbreaking new  initiatives on food access, like Double Up Food Bucks.   Mary Beth Schultz, our chief counsel, had no idea what she was  getting herself into when she came to the Ag Committee this last year.  In no time, she  [[Page S4718]]  became a farm bill expert who kept track of every page and every  amendment to make sure this process was successful.   Mike Schmidt and Kyle Varner, our amazing commodities and livestock  team, understand the ins and outs of farm policy like nobody else. They  have done so much to improve our dairy programs, expand risk management  tools to specialty crops, and support new and beginning farmers.   Ashley McKeon led our work on the conservation title to expand our  partnership programs. She brings her warmth, personality, and expertise  to the job every day.   Sean Babington, our forestry and environmental expert, has impeccable  judgment and negotiating skills that we rely on daily, and he helped  get us to this point of there being a final farm bill as well.   Thanks to both Ashley and Sean, our country will have healthy  forests, more wildlife habitat, and clean waters for generations to  come.   Katie Naessens' hard work led to the major advances in this bill for  urban agriculture, organics, beginning farmers, and veterans who want  to go into agriculture. I am so proud of the Farmer Veterans Programs  in Michigan.   Kevin Bailey led our efforts on expanding high-speed internet for  rural communities and on the rural development and energy titles so we  can continue to grow the bio-based economy in rural America.   Katie Bergh led our work on international trade and fought to  preserve markets for Michigan producers from cherries to dairy, and she  helped improve our food aid policies in the United States and abroad.   Rosalyn Brummette is the glue that keeps our team together. She kept  the trains running on time and made sure we were all prepared to do  what needed to be done. I thank her so much.   We also had fantastic help from farm bill veteran Susan Keith, who  provided invaluable wisdom and counsel to our commodity and livestock  team.   Ward Griffin, our CFTC detail to the committee, is not only an expert  on financial issues, but he has become a full-fledged member of the  team, jumping in to help wherever needed. We are grateful.   Jason Sherman, a lawyer and fellow from the Department of Energy, has  a keen eye and legal mind. Both were invaluable on environmental and  conservation issues.   Now to my personal Senate staff, who were a very important part of  the team as well: I thank Matt VanKuiken, my chief of staff, who leads  my personal office team, and my legislative director, Emily Carwell,  who followed the floor procedure, was involved in negotiations, and  made sure everything was happening the way it should have been. I thank  them and all of our team in the personal office for being a part of  this effort.   Of course, I thank Krystal Lattany, who always makes sure that I am  getting where I need to be, so I am in the right place for  negotiations.   I thank Anne Stanski, my deputy chief of staff, Matt Williams, my  communications director, and Jess McCarron, our ag press secretary, who  made sure we were telling the story of the farmers and families who are  affected by the farm bill.   We couldn't have done it without the help of the rest of our  communications team: Miranda Margowsky, Nirmeen Fahmy, and Amy Phillips  Bursch. I also thank my State team, which is led by Teresa Plachetka,  and Kali Fox, who leads our agriculture work in Michigan.   I also thank Senator Roberts' team. It was truly wonderful working  with James Glueck and DaNita Murray, who are true pros. I thank them  for their hard work, creativity, and tenacity in helping to get us to  this point. Our team spent many long hours together, and I am grateful  that even our staffs worked together in a wonderful, bipartisan way  just as the chairman and I did.   Of course, I thank Jessie Williams, Amanda Kelly, Bobby Mehta, and  everyone who works behind the scenes on the Ag Committee.   Nothing would get done around here without the excellent floor staff,  led by Gary Myrick and his team, including Tricia Engle and Ryan  McConaghy.   The insights of Sean Byrne, with Senator Schumer's staff, and Reema  Dodin, with Senator Durbin, have been incredibly helpful.   I should really thank the folks at the CBO, who had late nights at  the Senate Office of the Legislative Counsel. They worked on weekends  and had late nights to make sure we had what we needed to get the bill  done.   Finally, of course, I thank all of the members of the Agriculture,  Nutrition, and Forestry Committee and their staffs. We have so much  talent and experience. It is a real privilege to serve as its ranking  member.   This farm bill is the product of a year and a half of hard work by a  long list of very talented people. I cannot thank every single one of  them individually, but we wouldn't be here today without their help.   We passed a farm bill today that supports the 16 million jobs in  America that depend on agriculture. We passed a bill that helps our  farmers stay resilient, that protects our land and water, that helps  families keep food on their tables, that invests in our small towns all  across America, that recognizes the diversity of American agriculture,  and that strengthens local food economies.   We should all be very proud of the work we have done today, and I  thank my colleagues for joining us in such a strong ``yes'' vote in  passing this bill.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Megan  McFarlane and Lauren Odum, interns with the minority staff on the  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, be granted floor  privileges for the duration of the debate on H.R. 2.   