 Mr. President, I thank my friend, the Senator from  Florida,  [[Page S7169]]  for speaking out on the critical importance of the Affordable Care Act  for millions of people in our country and for calling upon this  administration to support healthcare for all instead of what they are  doing to the healthcare of millions of people in our country.   Turning to another matter, nearly 12 years ago, on December 7, 2006,  President George W. Bush nominated Thomas Farr to be a U.S. District  Court Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. Today, 12 years  and three nominations later, his name is again before us for  confirmation to the very same vacancy, which has remained unfilled all  this time.   When Mr. Farr was nominated for this vacancy in 2006 and 2007, his  nomination did not receive a vote in the Judiciary Committee. It was  known at that time that Mr. Farr had spent his professional life  engaged in restricting minority voting rights and defending companies  alleged to have discriminated against African Americans, women, and  others.   In the 1980s and in 1990, Mr. Farr represented Senator Jesse Helms,  notorious for his opposition to civil rights, voting rights, women's  rights, workers' rights, and LGBTQ rights--in other words, individual  rights.   Mr. Farr also helped corporations fight off their employees'  discrimination claims. In 2003, Mr. Farr defended Blue Cross Blue  Shield of North Carolina against claims by a female employee who  alleged that the company had compelled her to resign because of her sex  and age. To win this case, Mr. Farr convinced the North Carolina  Supreme Court to strike down the county's antidiscrimination law.   Given this history of restricting minority voting rights and  defending companies in discrimination claims, Mr. Farr's nomination did  not proceed at that time, and rightly so.   In the 12 years since his first nomination, Mr. Farr has become  notorious for his defense of the North Carolina legislature's attempts  to disenfranchise African-American voters.   His current nomination is opposed by nearly every civil rights group  in North Carolina and nationally, and the Congressional Black Caucus,  or the CBC, has fought Mr. Farr's nomination.   In a 2017 letter to the Judiciary Committee, the CBC wrote: ``It is  no exaggeration to say that had the White House deliberately sought to  identify an attorney in North Carolina with a more hostile record on  African-American voting rights and workers' rights than Thomas Farr, it  could hardly have done so.''   This district court vacancy was not filled by President Obama in his  two terms, but not for lack of trying. President Obama nominated two  different African-American women for this vacancy, one an assistant  U.S. Attorney and another a State court judge. Neither nomination moved  forward because the Republican home State Senators withheld their blue  slips. Judiciary Committee Chairman Leahy and, later, Chairman Grassley  both, at that time, abided by the blue-slip process during that period,  as I said, and no hearings were ever held for these two Obama nominees.    At the same time, both of my colleagues from North Carolina persisted  in their desire to confirm Mr. Farr to the Federal bench. Of course,  now, the return of a blue slip is no longer a barrier to pushing  nominees through the Judiciary Committee.   So, on the recommendation of my Senate colleagues from North  Carolina, Donald Trump nominated Mr. Farr yet again to the seat that  had been kept open in the Eastern District of North Carolina. In fact,  when Mr. Farr's nomination was returned at the end of a session of  Congress last year, the White House decided to renominate him this  year.   The history regarding this judicial vacancy and Mr. Farr is key to  understanding why I and so many of my colleagues will vote no. We will  be accused of obstruction and wanting to deprive the people of North  Carolina of a judge in the Eastern District. We will hear how this is  the longest open vacancy on the entire Federal bench, but, in fact,  this vacancy has remained open so long because of Republicans' refusal  to confirm qualified minority women and their insistence on filling  this vacancy with a man whose career is filled with examples of his  using the law to advance a racist, obstructionist, plainly un-American  agenda.   Had the Republicans not blocked the nominations of qualified minority  women in 2013 and 2016, this district, which is about 27 percent  African American, would have had its first African-American judge.   By contrast Mr. Farr has spent decades opposing the rights of African  Americans, women, and workers. Let me highlight a few examples.   When Mr. Farr was working as legal counsel for the 1990 campaign for  Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina, the Justice Department filed a  Federal lawsuit against the campaign for trying to intimidate thousands  of African Americans from voting. How did they do this? The Helms  campaign staff sent postcards suggesting that the voters were  ineligible to vote and warning that they could be prosecuted if they  voted. Although Mr. Farr denied any involvement in these racist voter  intimidation efforts, the Justice Department attorney who investigated  the matter confirmed that Mr. Farr ``was certainly involved in the  scheme as it was being developed.''   That is not the only time Mr. Farr has opposed the rights of African- American voters. When the North Carolina legislature decided to  restrict or dilute the votes of African Americans over the past 10  years, Mr. Farr fiercely defended these efforts as a private attorney.   In 2013, for example, he defended the North Carolina legislature's  voter suppression efforts that a court found were enacted with racially  discriminatory intent--racially discriminatory intent. In other words,  the North Carolina legislature was totally upfront about what they were  up to.   After the Supreme Court effectively struck down the part of the  Voting Rights Act that required North Carolina to preclear any changes  to their voting laws, the North Carolina State legislature passed a law  that eliminated or cut back on voter mechanisms that African Americans  disproportionately used. This is the law that Mr. Farr defended. The  Fourth Circuit in that case determined that these voting changes  ``target[ed] African Americans with almost surgical precision.'' In  other words, blatantly discriminatory intent was found by the Fourth  Circuit.   Between his efforts to support suppression of voters, Mr. Farr has  helped companies avoid accountability for discrimination against  African Americans, women, and minority groups. In 2003, Mr. Farr argued  that female employees at Pfizer were not protected under Federal civil  rights law from condescending, sexist, and sexual comments from their  manager because they were not ``severe'' or ``pervasive'' enough.   He even tried to undermine the plaintiff's claim by arguing that she  failed to point out that her manager ``harassed her because of her  gender on a daily or weekly basis.'' That was the standard he applied:  You have to have been harassed on a daily or weekly basis. Mr. Farr  ultimately convinced the court to dismiss the employee's claim as  untimely.   A person who has devoted decades of his legal career to furthering  oppression and injustices against minorities and women has no business  being confirmed to a lifetime position as a judge, where his  ideological agenda will certainly be reflected in his decision.   I will not vote for Mr. Farr's nomination, and I urge my colleagues  to do likewise.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Ariel  Caspillo, a legislative fellow in my office, be permitted floor access  for the remainder of the 115th Congress.   