 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5102, the Substance Use  Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act.   As families at home know too well, our country is in the midst of a  devastating public health crisis. The opioid epidemic claims more than  115 lives every day, and in 2016 alone, more than 42,000 people lost  their lives to opioid-related drug overdoses, and more than 64,000 died  from drug overdoses overall. Every one of those lives lost left  heartbroken families, friends, and communities.   Part of addressing this epidemic is making sure that everyone who is  looking for help can access effective treatment and ongoing management  of this chronic condition. To date, however, we have failed in this  endeavor. The Surgeon General's 2016 report on addiction estimates that  only 10 percent of Americans living with substance use disorder receive  any treatment.   There are a range of barriers to accessing treatment, but one of the  most significant is a shortage in the workforce needed to provide it.  Between the rising cost of education, low salaries, and a high burnout  rate from the stressful and emotional work, it is a struggle to attract  new people to the treatment field and keep those who work in it long  term.   In my district, I have heard time and again from families and  providers that there simply aren't enough treatment specialists  available to help the growing number of people who desperately need  treatment. I have heard from families who have tried to get their loved  ones into treatment and lost them to an overdose before they were able  to get them the help they needed.   No one should have to live with that heartbreak. That is why I  authored this legislation with my esteemed colleague from Kentucky,  Chairman Hal Rogers. This bill will help recruit and retain more  treatment experts by offering up to $250,000 in student loan repayment  for participants who agree to work in the treatment field for up to 6  years.   The program will cover professionals who represent the whole spectrum  of treatment, from physicians to nurses, to social workers, to recovery  coaches, promoting the kind of wraparound treatment approach that we  know gives patients the best chance for success.   By providing a portion of loan repayment for each year of service,  the program encourages treatment professionals to stay in the field  longer.   Further, this legislation is designed to send help where it is needed  the most. Participants in the program must work in a county or  municipality with either a shortage of mental health professionals or  an above-average rate of overdose deaths. Whether you live in an urban  or rural area, from Massachusetts to Kentucky, more need will mean more  available treatment.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Rogers for his partnership on this  important legislation and the other original cosponsors, as well as the  Energy and Commerce Committee and their staff for their work throughout  this process.   We need to make significant long-term investments in the  professionals who make recovery possible. People's lives depend on it.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation.   