 Mr. Speaker, this proposed ``Right to Try'' legislation  will make it possible for bad actors to take advantage of desperate  families.   The pill would allow companies to completely circumvent the FDA if  they claim to have a new drug or cure for a patient. And it dogs not  require the doctor or the company to even report to FDA, so we will  have no way of knowing who is trying which experimental drug. This  legislation really does encourage snake oil salesmen.   Currently, legitimate companies may have new experimental drugs that  have not yet been approved, but that could be helpful for patients who  have no other options . . . but this bill is not limited to that  situation. And, FDA does have an existing process to allow for patients  with life-threatening conditions to try experimental drugs before they  are approved.   And, this bill is not limited only to patients with a life- threatening condition. FDA has testified that the process under this  bill would be available much more broadly to patients with chronic  conditions such as diabetes.   That is a large population with a condition that is managed with  currently available treatments. Under this bill, bad actors could see  the dollar signs to market ineffective drugs to these patients.   The bill before us today does not require FDA or Institutional Review  Boards (or IRB's) to review any request for experimental therapy, and  rescinds any requirement to report adverse effects of a drug  immediately.   This means that if someone loses their eyesight or dies from taking  an unproven experimental treatment, then no one is required to report  it immediately. This puts other patients taking the same drug in  danger.   Additionally, if a patient does have a success with a drug, but it is  not reported or considered in a clinical trial, that success will not  translate to other patients that could be saved by the treatment.   I am also incredibly concerned that in 19 states, taking experimental  treatment will result in the loss of people's hospice care, and in 4  states it will result in the loss of their insurance, completely.   To rake matters worse, this legislation does not stipulate that  patients must be informed of this loss of coverage or hospice coverage  in advance.   This legislation, therefore, puts patients' care network, financial  stability, and safety at risk--without any legal recourse.   If we open this loophole, a surge of bad actors who may claim to have  experimental drug therapies could make money peddling dangerous  therapies to unsuspecting patients with no system of oversight, safety,  and accountability.   The unfortunate victims will be families and their loved ones. I  strongly urge my colleagues to vote no on this bill.   