 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I have come to the floor of the Senate five times over the past week  to talk about how the bank lobbyist act puts American families in  danger of getting punched in the gut in another financial crisis. I  have talked about how it rolls back consumer protections and how, if it  passes, 25 of the 40 largest banks in this country--banks that sucked  down, collectively, almost $50 billion in bailout money during the  crisis, and nobody went to jail--can be regulated like tiny, little  community banks.   I talked about how the bill will roll back the rules on the very  biggest banks in this country--JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and the rest  of them--banks that broke our economy in 2008, banks where no one went  to jail, banks where taxpayers coughed up $180 billion to bail them  out. I talked about how Washington is poised to make the same mistake  it has made many times before deregulating giant banks while the  economy is cruising, only to set the stage for another financial  crisis.   Now, I am not the only one who has talked about problems with this  bill. The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg, the FDIC, the Congressional  Budget Office, the NAACP, the Urban League have all talked about parts  of this bill that cause problems and would cause problems in our  economy.   Today, I want to talk about another part of the bill that keeps me  awake at night--the part that guts our ability to find and go after  mortgage discrimination by exempting 85 percent of banks from reporting  data about the loans they make under a law called the Home Mortgage  Disclosure Act or HMDA.   There is a long and shameful history in this country of  discriminating against communities of color when they try to buy homes.  From 1934 to 1968, the Federal Housing Administration led the charge,  actively discriminating by refusing to insure loans to qualified buyers  while helping White families finance their plans to achieve the  American dream. This policy was not a secret. Nope. It was not the  product of a handful of racist government officials. Nope. It was the  official policy of the U.S. Government until 1968--in my lifetime and  the lifetime of 90 Senators who serve today. The official policy of  this government was to help White people buy homes and to deny that  help to Black people. Because the Federal Government had set this  standard, private lenders enthusiastically followed Washington's lead.   Homes are the way that millions of working families built some  economic security. They pay down a mortgage and own an asset that over  time often appreciates. A home serves as security to fund other  ventures--to start a small business or to send a youngster to college.  If Grandma and Grandpa could hang on to the home and get it paid off,  they can often pass along an asset that boosts the finances of the next  generation and the one after that.   That is exactly what White people have done for generations--but not  Black people. Systematically, over many decades, government policies  that encouraged mortgage companies to lend only to White borrowers cut  the legs out from under minority families trying to build some family  wealth, and the result has been exactly what you would predict. It has  contributed to a staggering gap of wealth between White communities and  communities of color today. One statistic from Massachusetts, according  to the Boston Globe, states that the median net worth of White families  living in Boston is $247,500, and the median net worth for a Black  family is $8. That is something all Americans, regardless of race,  should be ashamed of.   When I was traveling around the country in the aftermath of the  financial crisis, it became clear to me that the crash had made the  problem worse. Subprime lenders that had peddled mortgages full of  tricks and traps had specifically targeted minority borrowers. That  meant that during the great recession, a huge number of minority  borrowers lost their homes. When rising home prices helped White  Americans regain some financial security, communities of color, with  their lower homeownership rates and their higher foreclosure rates,  were often left behind.   Again, this is just one example. According to Pew, between 2010 and  2013, the median wealth of White households grew by 2.4 percent, but  the wealth of Hispanic households in that same time fell by 14.3  percent, and the wealth of African-American households fell by 33.7  percent.   Mortgage discrimination didn't end in the 1960s when formal redlining  policies were abolished. It didn't end with the tightening of mortgage  rules following the financial crisis. Lending discrimination is still  alive and well in America in 2018.   According to a new report that just came out from the Center for  Investigative Reporting and Reveal, in 2015 and 2016, nearly two-thirds  of mortgage lenders denied loans for people of color  [[Page S1660]]  at higher rates than for White people. This problem affects both big  and small lenders, and it is nationwide. Minority borrowers were more  likely to be denied a mortgage than White borrowers with the same  income in 61 different cities across America.   How do we know that? Because of HMDA data. That is how we can see how  much Black families were charged for a mortgage or how often Latino  families were denied a chance to take out a mortgage--and we can  compare those numbers with White borrowers who have the same income and  same credit scores, but we can't do that if the data is missing. It is  impossible to detect and fight mortgage discrimination without HMDA  data.   The banking bill on the floor of the Senate says that 85 percent of  the banks will no longer be required to report HMDA data, including the  borrower's credit score and age; the loan's points, fees, and interest  rates, and the property value. Eighty-five percent. This data is  essential to figuring out whether the borrower got a fair deal.   If this bill passes, there will be entire communities where there  will not be enough data to figure out whether borrowers are getting  ripped off, entire communities where it will be impossible to monitor  whether people are getting cheated because of their race or gender,  entire communities where Federal and State regulators will not be able  to bring cases, and independent groups like Reveal will not be able to  hold these groups accountable.   Sure, banks will save a little money by not having to fill out the  HMDA data, but when communities of color are once again left behind,  there will be no way to prove it. That is why civil rights groups  around the country have spoken up against this bill. The Leadership  Conference on Civil and Human Rights said ``[e]xempting the  overwhelming majority of our Nation's banks and credit unions from an  expanded HMDA requirement that would better enable Federal regulators,  State attorneys general, fair housing advocates, and others to identify  and address discriminatory and predatory mortgage practices is  unwise.''   The Urban League and the National Community Reinvestment Coalition  wrote in a newspaper column that the bill ``would be a giant step  backwards for the public and national groups who use this data to  ensure banks treat all borrowers equally.'' According to the NAACP, the  bill ``would devastate our attempts to determine--and potentially  rectify--racially discriminatory lending or loan approval patterns at  play.''   This is about basic fairness. HMDA data is an investment we should be  making to make sure that all qualified Americans have the same chance  to buy a home. Throughout our history, Washington has always fallen  short of that goal. Gutting HMDA allows our country and our government  to ignore discrimination, letting history repeat itself.   Communities of color will pay the price if this Congress makes this  same mistake again. It isn't too late. We can stop this bill from  becoming law.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I rise today to join the citizens of  Massachusetts who are making their voices heard and sending a clear  message to President Trump: The Commonwealth of Massachusetts stands  strong in opposition to his reckless proposal to expand offshore  drilling. We stand strong in opposition to yet another handout to Big  Oil executives who are willing to put corporate profits ahead of the  health of our coastal families. We stand strong in opposition to this  administration's willful ignorance of climate change and the world's  ongoing clean energy revolution.   President Trump may say that his drilling plan is about growing jobs,  but the truth is that this offshore drilling proposal is a slap in the  face to every hard-working coastal family. President Trump is willing  to put corporate profits for his Big Oil buddies ahead of shipping  crews in Boston, ahead of the fishermen from Gloucester to New Bedford,  ahead of the mom-and-pop diners all along the Cape, ahead of every  tourism industry worker, and ahead of the families of all of these  workers. President Trump is willing to gamble with the livelihoods of  over 600,000 North Atlantic coastal and ocean workers. The people of  Massachusetts and the people who depend on a clean coast are not  willing to take that gamble.   Our coastal communities remember when the BP Deepwater Horizon  oilspill happened in 2010. One offshore oil well blew and caused  Deepwater Horizon's drilling rig to explode. It killed 11 workers,  injured 17 others, and unleashed one of the worst environmental  disasters in human history. Nearly 5 million barrels of oil gushed into  the ocean, contaminating more than 1,300 miles of coastline and nearly  70,000 square miles of surface water. Millions of birds and marine  animals died, suffocated by thick coatings of oil and poisoned by other  toxic chemicals. The gulf fishing industry lost thousands of jobs and  hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue. The spill devastated the  gulf's coastal tourism economy. The environmental and economic  devastation hit working families and small businesses across the  region.   But the Trump administration insists on padding the pockets of Big  Oil while small coastal towns bear all the risks that something will go  wrong. The local towns bear the risk of a devastating oilspill. The  local towns bear the risk of climate change impact, including increased  coastal habitat destruction, fisheries threatened by ocean  acidification, and rising sea levels. President Trump and this  Republican Congress want to bury their heads in the sand or bury their  heads in the big pile of Big Oil money, but the reality is this:  Climate change has happened, and the evidence is all around us. The  consequences are worsening with every single day of inaction.   Make no mistake. We are in the most critical fight of our generation  and we are running out of time. We are in a fight to save our coastal  towns, a fight to save our farmers, a fight to save our fishermen, a  fight to save good-paying clean energy jobs, and a fight for our  children's future.   Will winning the fight against climate change be tough? You bet it  will. We will need to retool to install offshore wind turbines instead  of offshore drilling rigs. We will need to invest in faster clean  energy deployment, modernize the electric grid, build sea walls to  protect our coastal towns, and much, much more. It is a big job ahead,  but there is no country and no workforce in the world that is more  willing and more able to tackle the challenges of climate change head- on than the United States of America. Yes, it is hard, but it is what  we do. It is who we are.   We are a nation of unrelenting workers who clawed our way out of the  Great Depression, who fought two world wars, who put a man on the moon,  and who electrified the Nation with 20th century fuels. With a level  playing field, we are a nation of workers who can electrify the world  all over again with the 21st century fuels of wind, solar, and other  clean energy sources.   The American people deserve leadership that understands just how  innovative and persistent we are--leadership that knows the fearless  strength of the American people; leadership that believes in the  innovative, get-it-done attitude of the American worker; leadership  that will stand up to Big Oil executives hell-bent on protecting their  profits at our expense; and leadership that knows that our best days  are ahead of us. But we have to fight for them. They deserve leadership  that will not ignore the challenges of climate change; leadership that  will not chain our economy to the fossil fuels of yesterday and,  instead, will support the good-paying, clean energy jobs of tomorrow;  and leadership that refuses to put our coastal families at risk of  another devastating oil spill.   The American people deserve leadership that doesn't work for Big Oil.  The American people deserve leadership that works for them.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   