 Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of the Jackson  Lee Amendment to H.R. 4, FAA Reauthorization and Disaster Recovery  Reform Act, which is included in En Bloc Amendment Number Four.   I.thank the Chair and Ranking Member of the House Committee on Rules  for making this Jackson Lee Amendment in order.   I thank Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member DeFazio for their  leadership in bringing the FAA Reauthorization and Disaster Recovery  Reform Act to the House Floor for consideration.   I am disappointed that the other Jackson Lee Amendments to H.R. 4,  the ``FAA Reauthorization and Disaster Recovery Reform Act that  addressed disaster recovery reform and offered improvements to  commercial air transportation, were not made in order.   I offered Jackson Lee Amendment No. 609 because of my experience with  Hurricane Harvey.   Over the years, Members of Congress, develop an extensive network of  people we work with and those who may have need of legislative  assistance.   The storm and the catastrophic flooding that resulted from Hurricane  Harvey put at risk thousands of people who needed help.   The 911 emergency call centers serving the disaster area were  inundated with thousands of calls for rescues.   I am pleased to say that my office managed dozens of calls, which  came to me and my staff from Houston residents seeking rescue or  medical assistance.   FEMA, the City of Houston and the State of Texas did exceptional work  in the disaster response for Hurricane Harvey.   There is no blame or fault, but valuable lessons that can be learned.   There was no way to pre-prepare for Hurricane Harvey or Maria or Irma  or any of the other major disaster events in 2017.   What we can do is learn as much as possible and apply those lessons  to future disaster response and recovery efforts.   When there is an event, like Hurricane Harvey there are important and  valuable lessons that can help us to meet future challenges.   Harvey's significance is the size of the impact zone and the level of  flooding experienced.   The nine-county Houston metro area impacted by Hurricane Harvey  covers 9,444 square miles, an area larger than five states, including  New Hampshire, New Jersey and Connecticut.   Harris County covers 1,778 square miles, enough space to fit New York  City, Philadelphia, Boston, Chicago, Seattle, Austin and Dallas, with  room still to spare.   There was over 41,500 square miles of land mass impacted by Hurricane  Harvey and the subsequent flooding that covered an area larger than the  States of Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and  Vermont combined.   Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and  Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metroplex.   Harvey dropped 51.88 inches of rain near Cedar Bayou, in the City of  Houston, and 52 inches in Nederland and nearby Groves Texas making this  the highest rain totals ever recorded for a single U.S. weather event.   At its peak on September 1, 2017, one-third of Houston was  underwater.   At the peak on August 31, there were 34,575 evacuees in shelters  across Texas.   Hurricane Harvey is the largest housing disaster to strike the U.S.  in our nation's history.   Hurricane Harvey damaged 203,000 homes, of which 12,700 were  destroyed.   On April 17, 2018, 2,585 families are still in hotel rooms in hotels  because of Hurricane Harvey.   Thousands of others with severe damage to their homes continue to  live with family or friends.   889,425 people have registered for assistance with the Federal  Emergency Management Agency.   There are families including small children and the elderly living in  mold infested or gutted-out homes.   The Jackson Lee Amendment made in order for consideration of H.R. 4,  provides for a GAO report 240 days following enactment on long-term  recovery efforts following Hurricane Andrew, September 11, 2001,  Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Ike, and Hurricane Sandy to better inform  the Congress when catastrophic events occur that may require long-term  recovery planning.   My amendment is the first step to determine how best to stress test  FEMA for capacity and competence to respond to several major disaster  at the same time.   Disasters like Harvey, Maria, Jose, Sandy, Ike, and September 11,  2018 are exemplars of the most challenging and catastrophic events in  our nation's modern history.   These disasters will or have taken years to recovery from, which  classifies them as long term recovery events.   We need to learn from our past to better secure our future should our  nation face similar challenges.   This Jackson Lee Amendment would ensure that we learn and benefit  from these tragic events so that we might be better prepared for future  challenges.   The amendment will provide GAO report that will: define a federal  disaster long-term recovery, define the stages of a long-term recovery,  and report on the competence and capacity of FEMA to manage 2 or more  major disasters of the magnitude exemplified--simultaneously.   Further, the GAO will report on lessons that may be applied to future  long-term disaster recovery efforts.   The GAO will also report on what existing authority granted to FEMA  to advise and make recommendations to the President regarding  Presidential Disaster Declarations which may be instructive regarding a  Presidential long-term recovery disaster declaration.   Another Jackson Lee Amendment to the Disaster Recovery Reform  component of the bill, but which was not made in order would have made  permanent the FEMA Office of Response and Recovery, which currently  exists but is not codified by law.   In 2017, starting on August 25, when Hurricane Harvey struck Texas,  on September 6,  [[Page H3715]]  when Hurricane Irma lashed the U.S. Virgin Islands, on September 9,  when Hurricane Jose smashed into Puerto Rico, and Hurricane Irma moved  over the Florida Keys, and on September 20, when Hurricane Maria took  aim at Puerto Rico; FEMA had to respond to each disaster and engage in  sustained recovery efforts that will in the cases of Texas and Puerto  Rico last for years.   Hurricane Harvey broke a rainfall record for a single tropical storm  with more than 4 feet of rain.   Puerto Rico is still mired in attempting to recover from the longest  blackout in U.S. history after Hurricane Maria struck many months ago.   More than 1,000 are estimated to have died in Puerto Rico due to  Hurricane Maria and its aftermath.   Following the hurricanes came California's most destructive and  largest wildfire season ever.   The Tubbs Fire in Northern California killed 22 people and damaged  more than 5,600 structures.   Last year was also the third-hottest year on record.   San Francisco reported its highest temperature ever, 106 degrees  Fahrenheit, while other parts of the country set records for high- temperature streaks.   For states like Arizona and South Carolina, 2017 was the warmest year  ever.   14 places across Oklahoma, Missouri, and Arkansas reported record- high water levels during floods in April and May.   In 2017, requests for federal disaster aid jumped tenfold compared to  2016, with 4.7 million people registering with the Federal Emergency  Management Agency.   Last year will go down in the record books for many reasons,  destructive hurricanes, wildfires, mudslides, and droughts struck  leaving death and destruction.   Every place in this nation has one or more vulnerability to floods,  damaging storms, wildfires, earthquakes, volcanic activity, or earth  movement--such as mudslides.   FEMA is the nation's premier organization that must respond to  catastrophes at a moment's notice.   This Jackson Lee Amendment will allow Congress to develop better  situational awareness on FEMA's role in disaster response especially  when there may be multiple disasters putting demand on limited agency  resources that require long-term recovery planning.   Thank you for this opportunity to explain my amendment and I ask for  bipartisan support for this Jackson Lee Amendment included in En Bloc  Four.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished ranking  member and the manager of this fourth en bloc and rise to support the  Jackson Lee amendment that has been included in the en bloc  legislation. And I am thankful to Mr. DeFazio and the chairman for  that.   My amendment, made in order, deals with a GAO report of 240 days  following any disaster, a long-term recovery efforts plan. These  disasters are examples of the most challenging and catastrophic events  in our Nation.   And I am reminded of August 2018 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey  has been defined as the singular most catastrophic incident and natural  disaster in the continental United States. We are still suffering.  People are still in hotels, still without their homes. So to the list  of long-term recovery experiences, this GAO study would have us learn a  lot. We need to learn from our past to do better to secure our future.   This GAO report would define the Federal disaster long-term recovery,  define the stages of a long-term recovery, and report on the competence  and capacity of FEMA to manage two or more disasters of the magnitude  that happened at the same time.   I do want to take note of the fact that my amendment that did not  authorize the FEMA Office of Response and Recovery was not made in  order. I look forward to introducing legislation that would respond to  that.   I am also concerned that two amendments dealing with the endangered  species the Rules Committee did not make in order. In this time, I  believe it is time to stand up to protect our endangered species. One  of my amendments had to do with trophy products coming across  on international airways; and the other was, as airports are built--and  many are built in wetlands--for those who are building those airports  to collaborate with a number of agencies to address the question of  protecting the endangered species.    We live on this Earth with the wonderment of this Earth, and those  include our wonderful animals, many of them endangered. And I believe  the episode with Cecil the lion recognizes that we must protect our  endangered species. I would hope going forward I would have the  opportunity, at some time, to debate on the floor of the House the  value of protecting our endangered species.    Mr. Speaker, this is an open letter to the Nation  regarding education or the education of our children.   I represent the 18th Congressional District and have at least seven  school districts, and certainly aware of the school districts  throughout the State of Texas and also what school districts are facing  across the Nation to pay teachers, most of all to educate our children.   The Houston Independent School District and its board are attempting  and, I believe, are committed to educating our children. However, at  this present stage, we have at least ten schools with an IR status, a  diminished status, with the potential of being closed by the State of  Texas.  [[Page H3729]]    I will be going home to rally the community, because right now today  is Friday, and children are learning in our schools. Why punish them,  make them the victims of the lack of resources, credentialed teachers,  and the lack of a plan that all of us can agree with?   I happen to have agreed with the initial step to at least solve a  problem temporarily, but we know that a temporary solution is not the  best.    We need to be able to have those children meet the basic test  standards, but, more importantly, we have to reflect on changing  these----    Very tough test standards that don't test the  child's acknowledge. So----    Mr. Speaker, to that school district, to the city of  Houston----   