 Mr. President, I come to the floor to urge my  colleagues to vote no on the nomination of Bernard McNamee to be a  member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. I thank my  colleague from Oregon for coming out here to explain why this  nomination matters and why my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  should turn it down.   This is a very important time as we move forward on energy policy in  the United States. I am pretty sure that my constituents probably  already know what the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission does  because, when it came to the Enron crisis, they had to count on the  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to make sure energy markets were  properly policed. In the end, the FERC did do that, protecting  consumers from what were unjust and unreasonable rates.   However, the fact is that a lot of Americans don't understand what  the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission does. That is because the job  of the Commission can range from overseeing the reliability of the  electricity grid to ensuring that wholesale electricity and natural gas  rates are just and reasonable. That was what we argued in the Enron  case. They were going to make utilities pay for 9 years on what were  fraudulent contracts. We emphasized: How could fraudulent Enron  contracts ever be just and reasonable if they had admitted to  manipulating them?   The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission also oversees the licensing  of hydroelectric dams and approves construction of natural gas  pipelines. We also rely on FERC to protect the electric and national  gas markets, as I mentioned, from manipulation.   After Enron, we ended up putting even stronger language in the law to  make sure the definition of manipulation was clear and people were  protected. I remember my colleagues from Texas joining me in getting  that language passed because they knew how much the Enron manipulation  cost all of us and our economy.   These are important responsibilities. The Federal Energy Regulatory  Commission deserves due diligence of their record done by Members of  the Senate because FERC decisions affect many energy projects and how  people will pay to heat their homes and keep the lights on. It is also  about how we protect our energy infrastructure for the future. Trust  me, the number of cyberattacks that are going on in energy, we want to  exercise strong oversight of these nominees.   It is important that the Commission remain independent and impartial  because its role is quasi-judicial. Like judges, they need to be  impartial, making decisions about important energy projects that get  built around the United States.   For this reason, one of the qualifications written into the law  creating the Commission is that members be ``individuals who, by  demonstrated ability, background, training, or experience, are  specially qualified to assess fairly the needs and concerns of all  interests affected by Federal energy policy.''   I would add that it is the duty of the Senate to make sure that these  commissions remain free from political influence. I know that, from  time to time, people have been on the Commission and there have been  issues about how those on the outside have tried to influence them. We  must continue to make sure that the Federal Energy Regulatory  Commission remains above this kind of political influence and that they  remain unbiased as decision makers on these important policies. I  believe that this nominee, Mr. McNamee, does not meet this standard. I  believe that he is too ideologically motivated to undertake a job where  fact-based decision-making is essential to outcomes that affect  people's individual energy rates.    The Commission has to police and regulate energy markets without  regard for fuel source, market power, or political lens. I want to see  Commissioners who have the words from the Federal Power Act of ``just  and reasonable rates'' practically tattooed into their psyches. Why? It  is the standard by which they should judge our nation's energy  projects.   Like many of my colleagues, I have been troubled by this  administration's effort to try to subsidize high-cost, coal-fired power  plants at the expense of American ratepayers. According to a July  report by experts at the Brattle Group, the administration's bailout  plan would have cost consumers $34 billion over 2 years. That would  have been a $34 billion tax on American consumers. How would they have  done that? By saying that you have to use coal-fired electricity as a  way to keep the grid reliable. I disagreed with that. I would say,  probably, many members of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee  disagreed with that, and, clearly, members of the Federal Energy  Regulatory Commission, as it is currently comprised, also disagreed  with that.   Why was there such an adamant reaction? It is almost as if you were  saying that, instead of letting the market make these decisions, people  were going to force utilities to do projects that included coal-- forcing coal onto the grid, even though the renewable energy was  driving down costs and helping consumers to diversify. This is  important because the bailout proponents have argued that coal is  needed to ensure the grid is always working. When you look at this  analysis, it does not hold up under the scrutiny. Trying to prop up  uneconomical coal plants for the sake of the reliability of the grid is  a fake rationale that the administration tried to use, and it would  have impacted the free market and consumers.   I know that these rate increases would hurt manufacturers--because we  have a lot of manufacturers in the State of Washington--who rely on  affordable hydro to help drive down the cost of manufacturing. I think  the cost of doing business and electricity rates all through the United  States are going to be key issues for how we drive manufacturing  competitiveness in the future. I certainly don't want to see a mandate  by this administration that you have to use coal and drive up the costs  for that manufacturing base and our consumers.   A fuel security report that was issued last month by the PJM  Interconnection, which extends from Pennsylvania to New Jersey and all  way to Illinois, found that there was no need to prop  [[Page S7302]]  up uneconomical power plants. They were confident that their grid-- which is the world's largest competitive wholesale electricity market-- would remain reliable over the next 5 years without having this mandate  to use coal-fired electricity.   And this conclusion has nothing to do with the temperature outside.  Even in a severe cold snap, the grid would continue to operate. In  fact, the Washington Examiner--hardly a newspaper from which I quote a  lot on the Senate floor, but I am going to in this case--reported that  the largest power grid operator dismisses the threat of coal and  nuclear power plant closures. It was referring to this report. It was  referring to the PJM report that basically says: No, we don't have to  worry about our grid reliability. This report dismisses the notion that  the coal plant closures would somehow put us all at risk.   People are asking: What does that proposal have to do with Mr.  McNamee?   As a senior political appointment at the Department of Energy, Mr.  McNamee had a key role in promoting and defending this policy. He had a  hand in ignoring the other experts at the DOE, who basically told him  that his facts were wrong. He ignored the fact that this bailout  proposal would place an undue burden on ratepayers and, as I mentioned,  would impact our economy moving forward. He ignored the fact that we  are seeing changes in clean energy markets--that they are cheaper and  more effective than coal--and that this proposal, even though he  continued to push it, was not going to help us keep an open and free  electricity market.   Part of what the energy regulators do is to make decisions about  projects moving forward that are based on what the market is bringing  them. It is based on pure economics. Their job is to determine the  return and the rates that would impact consumers. That is where the  term ``just and reasonable'' comes into play. Their job is not to pick  winners and losers in the market. Their job is to determine whether  there will be just and reasonable rates for the individual consumers in  those markets. It is their job to make sure that there are not  excessive prices but true competition in the market--not to favor a  high-cost fuel source like coal and try to protect it from other fuel  sources that might be more economical for consumers.   As the Supreme Court has said, FERC is the guardian of the public  interest in these matters. The duties of Commissioners is to protect  the public interest, not the private interest, and they are to make  sure there are fuel supplies for the future.   I view this threat of really trying to disrupt the free market as one  of the most important things we need to continue to protect. Why?  Because innovation shifts markets over time. We are trying to make  decisions about distributed energy, and there will be major discussions  by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on how to achieve that,  particularly as we deal with the impacts of climate change.   Our historic energy system is at an inflection point, but it doesn't  mean we should hold on to more expensive sources to generate  electricity. It means that we should make sure that the Federal Energy  Regulatory Commission does its job as a quasi-judicial arbiters and are  not politically motivated or coming to issues with non market-based  rate solutions.   The fact the cost of wind has declined an incredible 69 percent over  the last 9 years and solar a whopping 88 percent. If coal or nuclear  costs had dropped that much, we would be having a different  conversation about their future, but it hasn't. Even in States where  coal has been a big part of the mix, building renewables is cheaper  than keeping existing coal plants open.   According to the Northern Indiana Public Service Company's 2018  Integrated Resource Plan, they found that they could save their  constituents $4 billion over 30 years by ramping down the amount of  coal it uses from two-thirds of its generation today, to 15 percent by  2023, and by eliminating coal entirely by 2028.   I would like to have taken Mr. McNamee at his word when he came  before the Senate's Energy and Natural Resources Committee and said  that he would be a ``fair, objective, and impartial arbiter.'' That is  what you want from a Federal Energy Regulatory Commissioner. He also  said that he would decide matters that would come before him based on  the law and not based on politics. Yet, after his committee hearing,  which I still remain very concerned about, we asked further questions.  And a video of a speech Mr. McNamee gave earlier in the year on fossil  fuels surfaced. I believe it shows that he has a continued bias beyond  the President's asking him to draft a coal bailout. And he has tried to  push it through the Federal Department of Energy even when scientists  and others have told him that the facts just did not support the  proposal.    Mr. McNamee's words reveal a very strong bias in favor of fossil  fuels against renewable energy. For example, he claimed that fossil  fuels were ``key not only to our prosperity'' but ``to a clean  environment.'' And he continued to make comments that, I think, are  demonstrably false. Now, as a private citizen, he is free to say  whatever he wants. Yet, when you are hired to put a report out and have  scientists within the agency correcting your false information and you  are continuing to push these ideas, I think it puts you in a different  category. It is hard to believe that you will be quasi-judicial and a  fair arbiter.   I know that he has had many conversations, and I include the  information in the video. One of his most striking statements is this:  ``The green movement'' is in a ``constant battle between liberty and  tyranny.'' Then he said that his son should just deny climate science  even if it hurts the boy's grades. These are not the words or  sentiments, I believe, of someone who is going to play that role of an  arbiter for Federal energy regulatory policy.   And these policies will come up before the Commission. I know the  administration plans on continuing to find ways to have coal mandated  into the market instead of allowing the free market to take place. I  want to make sure that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission does  not subject itself to some sort of bias in this process.   If Mr. McNamee becomes a Federal Energy Regulatory Commissioner and  if he continues to try to overturn relevant FERC decisions in court by  arguing against these things, what kind of process will we see at the  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in response to his biases?   To me, you have the threat of legal uncertainty. Projects could be  put on hold. Investments could be further delayed. Grid reliability  rules could be impacted. Why? Is it because he is right? No, people  already believe his previous statements have shown sufficient bias that  would put in question his decisions on the Federal Energy Regulatory  Commission. These energy policies, particularly in the area of cyber  security, are going to be so critical for us to move forward on. Every  day, our grid is impacted by these attacks by foreign entities. It is  so important that we get about the task of making our grid more  reliable and better protected against cyber security, not getting  weighed down in a bunch of arguments against someone who does not  appear, in my opinion, to have that quasi-judicial approach of making  sure that the market and market decisions are fair and reasonable and  just and reasonable rates for consumers. All of this is particularly  distressing as Mr. McNamee's speech surfaced just days before the U.S.  Global Change Research Program released its fourth quadrennial report.   Why is this important? Because the report showed the cost to the  Federal Government and individual citizens of continued fossil fuel  use. We all know that we need to have a diverse sources of energy. We  know that we have to do better than what we are doing today. Yet, by  pushing Mr. McNamee's name forward, this administration is simply  trying to hold onto the past.   That approach could cost taxpayers trillions of dollars over the next  few decades. The climate assessment basically estimates that, if we do  nothing, by the end of the century the impacts will cost the United  States upward of a half trillion dollars a year in crop damage, labor  loss, and extreme weather damages. We can't afford that. We need to  keep moving forward, and we need to let the market do its job.   For over 40 years, an independent and impartial Federal Energy  Regulatory  [[Page S7303]]  Commission has provided Americans with decades of fuel-neutral  competition, which has resulted, as I said, in those just and  reasonable rates. Now, thankfully, technology advances are helping us  to step up to new opportunities while still having the Commission  oversight, based on just and reasonable rates. The Commission is making  sure that we are doing all that we can to hold down the costs to  consumers and move things forward in energy markets.   I ask my colleagues to review the video and this nominee's remarks in  the video and to come to the Senate floor to vote against this nominee  in the hopes that we can get someone else to take this job at the  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. I hope my colleagues will realize  the importance of this before it is too late and that we will move  forward with someone who can help us continue to have a Federal Energy  Regulatory Commission.   Clearly, this is not viewed as just politics on our side. There are  many people who are on the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission who  have very strong political backgrounds. A few used to work right here  in the Senate. So this is not about that. This is about somebody's  having the quasi-judicial mindset to review these issues and not  advocate, at all costs, a market-eroding notion that utilities should  be forced to purchase uncompetitive coal and raise rates on consumers.   I yield the floor.   