 Mr. President, I rise today to join my friend and  colleague Senator Whitehouse on the day of his 200th weekly climate  change floor speech. We came in the same class. So I have been a  witness to this. For years he has come to the floor every week that the  Senate is in session, often to an empty Chamber, to speak on this  critical issue. He has been a leader and an unwavering voice on climate  change, calling for action week after week and, I think, that is why so  many of us are here tonight. Two hundred speeches is truly a milestone,  and you can just look at the wear and tear of his ``Time to Wake Up''  floor sign to know that this actually happened.   Not only does Senator Whitehouse come to the floor to talk about this  issue and to share new data and information with all of us on the need  to act now, but I have also seen him take on climate change deniers as  a member when I was on both the Environment and Public Works Committee  and also on the Judiciary Committee. I have experienced his dedication  to moving the needle on this issue as a member of the Senate Climate  Action Task Force that he has led for several years.   I have been part of the meetings where he has pulled together  Senators and advocacy group leaders to strategize on how to move  forward on legislation and meetings where he has brought together  Senators and private sector leaders, such as Greg Page, the former CEO  of Cargill, to talk about how we change the private dialogue about  sustainability in supply chains. He is truly committed to finding  solutions, and I am pleased to join him tonight for his 200th speech.   People talk about climate in many places in my State--from hunters  and snowmobilers in Northern Minnesota to business leaders in the Twin  Cities, to students at the University of Minnesota.   When President Trump announced that the United States would withdraw  from the climate change agreement this summer--the worldwide,  international climate change agreement--I heard an outpouring of  concern. Now, 195 countries made a pledge to come together to combat  climate change. In withdrawing, the United States was one of only three  countries that wouldn't be in the agreement. The other two were Syria  and Nicaragua. Then, Syria and Nicaragua signed the accord. So now the  United States is the only country not to sign the accord. It is a big  step backward. It is the wrong decision for our economy, and it is the  wrong decision for the environment.   As military and security experts have reminded us, climate change is  a threat to our national security, increasing the risks of conflict,  humanitarian crisis--as we have already seen because of droughts, with  subsistence  [[Page S1683]]  farmers in Africa coming up as refugees--and damage to crucial and  critical infrastructure.   I am a former prosecutor, and I believe in evidence. Every week seems  to bring fresh evidence of the damage climate change is already  causing. Minnesota may be miles away from rising oceans, but the  impacts are not less of a real threat in the Midwest--more severe  weather, heat waves that could release our water supply, extreme  rainfall that could damage critical infrastructure, and a decrease in  agricultural productivity. It goes on and on. It has an impact on the  Great Lakes and people respond.   We are going to keep talking about the importance of making a global  commitment and an American commitment to address climate change. We  should not be the last one in. We should be the first one. This is a  great nation with a history of Democrats and Republicans coming  together to conserve our land and care about our environment. We are  going to keep pushing climate change deniers on their facts, and we are  going to keep working on policies that encourage energy efficiency,  renewable energy, and a decrease in greenhouse gasses.   Many of the businesses in Minnesota, such as Cargill, which I already  mentioned in the lead, have taken on this cause. They know that when  they have business all over the world, it matters. They know that it  matters to their shareholders, it matters to their employees, and it  matters to their customers.   They also know that we deal with the rest of the world, and when  businesses go to meetings in other countries, they don't want to hear:  Well, I guess your country is not in the climate change agreement and  China is; so maybe we will buy our stuff from China. That is what  people are hearing at business meetings.   We need to be a part of the Paris climate change agreement, and we  need to lead the way in the United States. In the last administration,  we had some commonsense policies put forth to reduce greenhouse gasses,  but this administration has pulled back on them. I disagree. I think we  could have made that work.   Even though we are not seeing the action we would like out of this  administration, we are seeing it in cities, in States, in businesses,  and universities. They have said: If this administration doesn't do it,  we will.   So I wish to thank Senator Whitehouse for his leadership and let all  of those listening to this series of speeches and tributes to doing  something about climate change in his 200th speech tonight know that  there are those in this Chamber who stand with you and believe in  science and believe that we need to do something about climate change.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   