 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Representatives  Guthrie and Langevin for working with me on this very important bill,  which addresses a national health care issue involving safety,  efficiency and privacy affecting many of our constituents.   As most people who have been engaged in this matter know, the mental  health portion of the 21st Century Cures Act--the overwhelmingly  bipartisan biomedical reform bill that was signed into law in December  2016--included what is called electronic visit verification (EVV)  provisions. These provisions require states to verify the provider,  date, time and site of personal care and home health services.   They were meant to give patients the power to hold their providers  accountable for delivering services when and where they are supposed to  do so.   But given the delay by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services  (CMS) in getting guidance for implementation of the provisions to the  states, and the way the agency ignored Congressional intent to involve  stakeholders in the regulatory process, House members had to step in to  try and right what the Executive Branch has done poorly in the past  year and a half.   The bill before you today grants a one-year delay in implementation  of the EVV requirements. It also requires CMS to involve stakeholders  both in the planning and throughout the implementation of the EVV  requirements to ensure that the privacy and civil rights of consumers  are protected.   This bill ensures that administrative and financial burdens on  service providers are neither onerous nor duplicative and that states  are able to design and implement their EVV programs in a thoughtful,  deliberative manner. It also affords CMS the opportunity to hear from  beneficiaries enrolled in self-directed plans about the challenges EVV  could present for them.   This legislation will also help foster a comprehensive and  transparent process that carefully balances the serious privacy  concerns of consumers and caregivers, the administrative and financial  concerns of providers and states, and EVV's goals of patient control  and fraud prevention.   Mr. Speaker, if properly implemented EVV has potential to ensure that  high-quality services are delivered when and where needed, while also  reducing the potential for waste and fraud. This legislation will  require CMS to follow a proper stakeholder engagement process, in order  to ensure that the policy is implemented correctly. It will also allow  each state greater opportunity to ensure that its EVV programs are best  suited to individuals' specific needs.   I strongly urge all members to support this bill.   