 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Thompson for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, today has been a long time coming, so I will be brief.   The legislation we are here to send to the President's desk is a true  difference maker. Every one of us knows someone God has blessed with  skills, talents, and ideas that do not fit the mold of traditional  postsecondary education. Because of that, they may not believe they  have much to offer or much to gain by joining the workforce without the  ``right'' degree or diploma. But there really isn't a right degree or  diploma.   By updating and strengthening the career and technical education law,  which H.R. 2353 does, we are making significant progress in changing  those misguided perceptions and giving workforce development the  recognition and credit it deserves.   We have more than 6 million unfilled jobs in this country, due in  large part to the skills gap. The skills gap is partly the result of an  outdated approach to workforce development. H.R. 2353 supports  innovative learning opportunities and strong community partnerships,  addressing the problem of vacant jobs and workforce development needs  where they exist: at the local level.   I want to recognize the bipartisan effort that has gotten us here  today. Congressman Glenn Thompson and Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi,  along with a great staff, delivered a great bill for us to work on at  the Education and the Workforce Committee.   Since we marked it up, reported it, and the House passed the bill  last year, I have been pleased and I have been proud to work with  Ranking Member Bobby Scott in urging Senate consideration of this  legislation. I thank House leaders for bringing this bill back to the  floor as soon as we could after the Senate passed it on Monday night.   On behalf of every member and staff person of the Education and the  Workforce Committee, I am grateful this bill is before the House today,  and I am proud of all of their hard work.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this legislation.   