 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 644,  strongly condemning the slave auctions of migrants and refugees in  Libya, and for other purposes.   In November 2017, CNN broke a story about modern-day slavery in Libya  with a grainy video that shows an auctioneer standing in front of a  group of young men shouting: ``Big strong boys for farm work. 400, 700,  800.'' The video left people shocked and sparked protests outside of  Libyan Embassies here in the U.S. and across Africa and Europe.   In April 2017, the U.N. Migration Agency, the International  Organization for Migration, gathered evidence and issued a warning  about slave markets in Libya. While there were warning signs from  various organizations that migrants, refugees, and asylum seekers were  suffering abuse, it took actual video evidence for the world to pay  attention.    Libya has become a primary transit hub for migrants and refugees  attempting to reach Southern Europe by sea, and various organizations  estimate that there are between 400,000 and 1 million migrants and  refugees in the country. Refugees and migrants are routinely subjected  to grave human rights abuses committed by Libyan officials and security  forces, as well as armed groups and criminal gangs who are often  working in close cooperation and to mutual financial advantage.   How did we get here and what is the solution to this crisis?   Refugees and migrants in Libya are exposed to horrendous human rights  violations in a country where institutions have been weakened by years  of conflict and political division. The end of Qadhafi's regime in 2011  led to significant political turmoil and insecurity within Libya. Since  then, there has been no effective government in place in the country.  Today, three governments, divided along geographical and ideological  lines, combine for power, each with limited control over parts of the  country. The collapse of government and security institutions has made  the trafficking in refugees a lucrative business.   This resolution condemns slave auctions and the exploitation of  migrants and refugees as forced laborers in Libya. It also calls upon  all parties to the conflict, including parties to the Libyan Political  Agreement, to investigate and eradicate the slave auctions and to  manage migration flows and migrant detention centers in a humane  manner.   I want to also mention that the Congressional Black Caucus was at the  head of this effort. We immediately called upon the Libyan Ambassador  to come to the Hill to explain what was happening in the country and  how the government intended to respond.   I have to say that she was very open in stating that the country  needs the help of the international community to address this crisis.  And she explained to us that she was aware that there were parts of her  country that basically were not governed by any of the three  governments and that they needed international assistance to manage  this.   These auctions exposed the interconnected and complex nature of this  crisis. Any solution to this problem will require a holistic and  comprehensive strategy for Libya and the sending countries across  Africa that promotes democratic governance, rule of law, respect for  human rights, and creating economic opportunities.   The United States must remain focused and continue to promote U.S.  values at home and around the world. This includes speaking out  publicly when we see human rights abuses.   The bottom line is that slavery is a crime against humanity, and we  cannot sit idly by while people around the world are exploited. I join  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in support of this bipartisan  resolution strongly condemning the slave auctions of migrants and  refugees in Libya.   