 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise as the proud sponsor of the Rabbi Michoel Ber  Weissmandl Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2017, which will award a  Congressional Gold Medal to the rabbi for his acts of valor during  World War II.   Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl was born in Hungary in 1903. In 1931 he  moved to Slovakia and quickly became a senior figure within the local  Jewish community and Yeshiva.   As fascism spread across Europe in the late 1930s and early 1940s,  Rabbi Weissmandl led some of the most daring efforts to save the Jewish  people of Slovakia from the Holocaust.   When the Nazis, aided by members of the puppet government in  Slovakia, began to move against the Slovak Jews in 1942, Rabbi  Weissmandl became a key member of the Bratislava Working Group. This  underground organization was comprised of a wide variety of people from  different political and ideological spectrums, but united by a common  goal: to protect the Jewish people of Europe from Hitler's Final  Solution.   In his role as a member of the Working Group, Rabbi Weissmandl worked  to raise funds to negotiate ransom with German and Slovakian officials  in order to delay mass deportations. We cannot understate the dangers  the rabbi undertook in this endeavor.   Had he approached the wrong official or an unyielding Hitler  supporter, he most certainly would have put his own life in jeopardy.  Despite that peril, he persevered, demonstrating an unyielding  determination to stop the slaughter of the innocent.   Using his contacts in England, Rabbi Weissmandl also worked to secure  British visas for more than 60 European rabbis after the annexation of  Austria, becoming one of the first individuals to protect European Jews  by arranging for their escape to England.   The Working Group was also one of the first to record the accounts of  Auschwitz escapees in a document widely referred to as the Auschwitz  Protocols. Weissmandl later translated the initial documentation from  German to Hebrew and included an addendum that pleaded for further  action.   He also wrote the first known appeal for the use of Allied air power  to disrupt the Holocaust, including the use of aerial bombs to destroy  the rail lines and tunnels leading to Auschwitz.   During one of the darkest periods in human history, Rabbi  Weissmandl's efforts to protect the lives of European Jews at the risk  of his own life reflect true heroism in the face of unspeakable evil.   We must never forget these contributions, and it is fitting that we  honor his legacy by awarding a Congressional Gold Medal in his name.   Mr. Speaker, at a time of unparalleled evil, Rabbi Weissmandl took  extraordinary risks to save the lives of Slovakian Jews. To this day,  his influence can be felt throughout the Jewish community, not only  here in the United States, but around the world.   It is with the utmost respect and honor that I have introduced this  bill to award Rabbi Weissmandl with a Congressional Gold Medal, the  highest civilian award in the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Representative Brian Mast,  for introducing this bill with me and his work to advance this  legislation. I also want to thank my 295 other colleagues who have  cosponsored the bill. I strongly urge passage of the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   