 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in  support of reinstating net neutrality.   Access to a free and open internet is critical to promoting  innovation, supporting entrepreneurs and small businesses, and growing  our economy. Americans are accustomed to and want an internet that is  consumer-friendly and that ensures equal access to content, no matter  their internet service provider. Net neutrality helps ensure that the  internet remains free and open by requiring internet service providers  to treat all content the same way, providing equal access to  applications and content online.    My constituents in New Hampshire are keenly aware of how important  net neutrality is to their lives. Thousands of Granite Staters have  called my office throughout the last year to voice support and urge  Congress to protect it.   Unfortunately, last December the Republican-controlled Federal  Communications Commission, led by Chairman Ajit Pai, repealed net  neutrality protections--a harmful decision that has a variety of  consequences. By repealing these protections, the FCC has taken away  from consumers and small business owners the ability to control their  own internet experience and turned that control over to their internet  service providers. This directly impacts our small businesses and could  threaten the ability of entrepreneurs to get their businesses off the  ground.   Without net neutrality, internet service providers will be allowed to  force businesses and consumers to pay to play online. While larger more  established companies would be able to compete, new small businesses  and entrepreneurs might not be able to afford such fees, harming their  ability to boost their business and reach more potential customers.  This could particularly impact those in rural communities. Last year,  several members of the rural and agricultural business community in New  England wrote to the FCC to say: ``Repealing net neutrality will have a  crippling effect on rural economies, further restricting access to the  internet for rural businesses at a point in time where we need to  expand and speed up this access instead.''   This would also impact consumers by giving internet service providers  the power to discriminate against certain web pages, apps, and  streaming and video services, by slowing them down, blocking them, or  favoring certain services while charging consumers more for other  services.   Often consumers would have little option for recourse since we are at  a time when many Americans only have, at most, one or two options for  broadband providers, leaving them stuck with a provider that is using  unfair practices.   This could also affect the ability of countless people to organize  and civically engage online. An open internet serves as a platform to  elevate and empower voices that have been underrepresented in  traditional media. We have seen grassroots movements, like the national  Women's March, organized largely through online activism on the free  and open internet. Efforts like these are critical to our democracy,  which is why we need to protect the open internet as a mechanism for  civic engagement.   Given how critical net neutrality is to the lives of countless  Granite Staters and Americans and to the strength of our economy, we  cannot stop fighting to reinstate a free and open internet.   I am proud to join a bipartisan group of colleagues to show our  support for net neutrality and to introduce a Congressional Review Act  resolution to overturn the FCC's partisan decision. As we head toward  considering this measure, we are just one vote away from passing it. So  I urge my Republican colleagues to put consumers first, to help small  businesses and entrepreneurs innovate and thrive, and to benefit our  economy. With just one  [[Page S2585]]  more vote, we can move forward with restoring net neutrality and  protecting an open internet.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   