 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Lowey for yielding and  for her tireless leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this shameful bill--H.R.  3--that would cut vital life-saving programs and hurt the American  people.   Just months after the ink is dry on our nation's largest tax scam in  history--Republicans are balancing their $1.5 trillion deficit on the  backs of struggling families.   This is a disgrace.   This shameful bill eliminates funding for the Children's Health  Insurance Program (CHIP) by $7 billion.   Mr. Speaker, this bill literally steals health care from the most  vulnerable children in America.   H.R. 3 also deeply cuts funds for programs that create jobs, help the  grow the economy, and lift more families out of poverty, like the  Community Development Financial Institution.   And, this bill continues Republicans' assault on the climate change  and green energy. By slashing billions of dollars from Energy  Efficiency Programs, Republicans are not only hurting our environment,  they're also hurting our economy.   I thought Republicans wanted to create jobs, Mr. Speaker? Then why  are we voting on a bill that will take jobs away?   Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve better. Instead of pulling  the rug out from under from the most vulnerable, we should be creating  jobs, boosting our economy and lifting more families out of poverty.   But this bill does just the opposite. So, I urge my colleagues to  vote `no' on this cruel and mean-spirited bill.    Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member Lowey for yielding and for  her tireless work.   Mr. Chair, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, I rise in  strong opposition to this bill--H.R. 5895--the Fiscal Year 2019 Energy  and Water, Leg Branch, and MilconVA spending bills.   This Republican minibus fails to protect the health, security, and  safety of the American people.   And really, this bill is an attempt to block critical funding for  education, health, and the economic security.   Once again, Republicans are funding defense at the expense of  priorities here at home.   This is shameful and short-sighted.   Mr. Chair, the Pentagon does not need more funding. A Washington Post  report in 2016 exposed $125 billion in waste, fraud and abuse at the  Pentagon. But rather than come clean, leaders at the Pentagon chose to  bury the report and continue wasting taxpayer dollars.   Yet, Republicans want to increase Defense spending by $17 billion.  Mr. Chair--instead of making defense contractors even richer, how about  we start helping struggling families home at home?   At a time when we should invest robustly in the American people,  Republicans are doing just the opposite.   The partisan bill before us cuts vital clean energy initiatives,  attacks job-creating investments, and slashes funds for nuclear non- proliferation efforts.   All this bill does is make it harder to grow the economy and for  hardworking Americans to succeed.   By flat funding four of our most important domestic spending bills-- including Labor, HHS, and Education, the funding subcommittee I sit  on--there will be less money for job training, education, and public  health.   This is a shame, Mr. Chair.   And I am sad to say that with the flat funding of many of our bills-- people will lose out.   Ameicans want good-paying jobs. They want to be able to see a doctor  when they're sick. They want safe schools to send their kids to.   But instead, Republicans keep shortchanging families so that  billionaires, polluters and defense contractors can pad their pockets.   This bill is a disgrace. I urge my colleagues to vote no.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. It is Lee  amendment No. 26.    Mr. Chairman, first, let me thank our Rules Committee chair,  Mr. Sessions, also our ranking member, Mr. McGovern, as well as all of  the members of the committee for making this amendment in order.   My amendment is very straightforward. It would cut the $65 million  included in this bill for low-yield nuclear weapons and transfer it to  the defense nuclear nonproliferation account. My amendment strikes one  of the most harmful and controversial recommendations of the Trump  Nuclear Posture Review.   Mr. Chairman, funding this warhead would set a dangerous precedent.  The last thing we should do is arm our submarines with a low-yield  ballistic missile. We have never done this before in the many decades  of nuclear deterrence, and there is absolutely no reason to start now.   What is worse, this warhead lowers the threshold for nuclear weapons  use and puts us on a dangerous path to war. At a time when we should be  reducing the threat of nuclear war, we are doing just the opposite.   While the Trump administration claims that another low-yield warhead  would help deter Russia from using these weapons first, that is far  from the truth. In fact, funding this nuclear weapon could only provoke  Russia and heighten the risk of nuclear war.   Let me be clear: This additional funding is both unnecessary, and it  is dangerous. Our Nation already processes hundreds of low-yield  warheads. In the coming decades, we will invest another $150 billion  despite the fact that we already have the capacity really to destroy  the world many times over.   This is a waste of money and a danger to our national security.  Instead of provoking another nuclear arms race with Russia, we should  be investing in diplomacy and disarmament. The $65 million would be  better spent at the DOE's nuclear nonproliferation program which  secures nuclear material both here at home and globally.   It is hard to think of a more vital national security issue than  protecting and securing nuclear material, and yet Republicans have cut  funding for that important program by $97 million from fiscal year  2018. This is dangerous and, again, does nothing for our national  security.   Rather than fund another low-yield nuclear weapon that we don't need,  we should use the $65 million to increase nuclear nonproliferation  accounts and prevent the spread of nuclear weapons. That is exactly why  my amendment is so important, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon  (Mr. Blumenauer).    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member Lowey, I  move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms.  Kaptur).    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Garamendi).    Mr. Chairman, let me just say a couple of things.   Our country should not expand the number of scenarios under which the  United States might consider the use of nuclear weapons. We should  never be in a position that the U.S. is using nuclear weapons first,  which would lead us to a catastrophic war.    I think Members on both sides of the aisle can agree to this, and I  urge my colleagues to support this critical amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   