 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I also support H. Res. 1063. This bipartisan bill  designates room H-226 in the U.S. Capitol as the Lincoln Room.   As we all know, President Abraham Lincoln is commonly considered one  of the greatest President's in the history of the United States. But  what you might not know is that President Lincoln, at one point in his  career, was a Member of the House of Representatives from the Seventh  Congressional District of Illinois.   President Lincoln served one term in Congress, from 1847 to 1849, and  was known for his opposition to the institution of slavery and the  Mexican-American war. During his short time in Congress, President  Lincoln spent a significant amount of his leisure time in the U.S.  Capitol room now known as H-226.   This resolution, which names the room for President Lincoln, is an  appropriate honor for a former Member of this distinguished body who  led our country in one of its darkest hours. So I support the  resolution and urge my colleagues to support it as well.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I also support H.R. 7318. This bill that is under  consideration this morning addresses an outstanding issue that has  emerged since Congress originally passed the Federal Assets Sale and  Transfer Act, known as FASTA, back in 2016.  [[Page H10515]]    FASTA authorized an independent Board to make recommendations on real  estate actions designed to dispose of unneeded Federal real estate and  redevelop underutilized property. This bill amends FASTA and aligns the  dates of the termination of the Public Buildings Reform Board created  by FASTA with the appointment of those Board members.   I have worked closely with Chairman Barletta during his tenure as  chairman of the Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency  Management Subcommittee, and I appreciate his leadership in making the  management of real estate more efficient.   I also look forward to continuing his work to help the General  Services Administration scrutinize the real estate decisions of the  Federal Government in order to find savings, promote energy efficiency,  and ensure transparency. Towards that end, I look forward to conducting  vigorous oversight of the GSA in the next Congress to ensure that the  American taxpayers are receiving full value for their dollars that are  being invested in Federal real estate.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise in support of H.R. 7319. This bill addresses  an issue which has come up since the enactment of FASTA in the last  Congress. The change allows the Federal Government to temporarily lease  back a piece of Federal property in order to facilitate the sale of  that property. Ultimately, the goal of this provision is to allow the  government to more readily dispose of underutilized property.   I look forward to working with the Public Buildings Reform Board, as  I mentioned, once all of its members are appointed, and I urge Members  of this body to support this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise also in support of this noncontroversial  legislation that makes technical changes to the Frank LoBiondo Coast  Guard Authorization Act, which was just recently signed into law. I  agree that it makes sense to enact these technical corrections at this  time to ensure that the amendments contained in Public Law 115-282 are  enacted and codified as accurately as possible.   I commend the sponsor for his initiative in introducing this  legislation, and I urge its adoption.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill makes changes to reporting requirements for  the Department of Transportation, requiring various agencies to be more  transparent to the public by making some of these reports available on  DOT's website. Those would include the Northeast Corridor Safety  Committee report and some Federal environmental reviews.   The bill also requires that any changes in fees or charges for  attending the Merchant Marine Academy be posted publicly online as  well.   The bill makes the results of State performance targets set in the  State highway safety plans publicly available and directs GAO to review  States' progress in achieving these performance targets, including how  States are utilizing grants and problems that may be encountered in  achieving their targets.   The review will be important to Congress when considering the next  reauthorization of the surface transportation bill.   Finally, this bill sunsets the Northeast Corridor Safety Committee  and the National Rail Cooperative Research Program Oversight Committee  upon full completion of positive train control along the Northeast  Corridor, and it makes technical changes in reorganizing the rail  improvement grant section under title 49.   It does a lot of good things to improve transparency, both for the  public and for Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   