 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3445,  AGOA and MCA Modernization Act.   The African Growth and Opportunity Act and the Millennium Challenge  Corporation have proven track records of spurring economic development.  Expanding these programs advances our position as international  leaders, strengthens our domestic job market and economy, while  protecting our national security interests.   Trade and development go hand in hand. U.S. investments around the  world increases trade opportunities and opens new markets for U.S.  goods and services. Africa's consumer spending is expected to reach $1  trillion.   We must act now in order to solidify this important trade  relationship. If we fail to act, rest assured that other nations are  ready, willing, and able to fill our void. We have the opportunity  through AGOA and MCA to advance stability, security, and business  growth on the continent and here at home.   This is in our best interest. That is why I joined my colleagues,  Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, and Representative Smith, to  introduce H.R. 3445, the AGOA and MCA Modernization Act earlier this  year.   Moving developing countries away from foreign aid and towards trade  also helps U.S. manufacturers, farmers, and small businesses. We are  building long-term trading partners for our goods and services. By  using trade, we can also address the root causes of violent extremism  and terrorism. This legislation strengthens the AGOA and the MCA--key  laws in the effort to promote U.S.-Africa trade.   For example, AGOA and MCA gives MCC greater flexibility to promote  trade, collaboration, and economic integration by allowing up to two  simultaneous compacts with an eligible country. This is important  because, as most of us know, African countries are still grappling with  the legacy of colonialism.    For example, only a few hundred miles separate Lagos, Nigeria, from  Accra, Ghana. In the United States, traveling this distance would take  a few hours. For traders on the continent, the same trip can take up to  a full day. They have to contend with inadequate roads, arduous border  checks, or high tariffs.   MCC recently signed a compact with Cote d'Ivoire, an economic and  cultural hub in west Africa and a longtime strategic and economic  partner of the U.S. This compact will diversify the nation's economy by  targeting two constraints to growth: access to a skilled workforce and  the mobility of goods and people in the nation's capital, Abidjan, Cote  d'Ivoire's commercial capital.   The Transport Project will focus on rehabilitating key roads in the  capital to enable people and goods to move freely throughout the busy  city and its strategic port. With 20 percent of the nation's population  living in the capital, unlocking congestion will create opportunities  to buy and sell products, expand businesses, improve access to key  services, and open up greater trade. This compact is expected to  benefit more than 11 million people. In a country where more than half  of the population is under the age of 24, it will help to shape a  strong, stable future for Cote d'Ivoire.   This compact is all about creating opportunities and stabilities for  citizens and businesses in Cote d'Ivoire, west Africa, and in the U.S.  By making coordinated investments across countries, MCC could help  these nations work together to grow regional markets and facilitate  trade. Passage of this bill in the House is an important step toward  increasing regional integration across Africa, advancing stability and  security and opening new markets for trade.   I believe strongly that it is in our economic and political interest  to expand our economic relationships with the nations of Africa. I have  said this before and I will continue to reiterate this point. I also  believe that the African Growth and Opportunity Act is the key to  development of stronger, mutually beneficial economic relations between  this country and African nations.   