 Mr. Speaker, every day, I hear from Arizonans who are  sick and tired of the dysfunction in Washington. They know that the  partisan fights and name-calling keeps Congress from delivering the  results that Arizona families expect from their leaders.   Arizonans deserve leaders who come together and find solutions on  issues that matter, like keeping our families safe, protecting our  Nation, and honoring our commitment to veterans.   We can still get things done for Arizona families if we would stop  the political games and work across the aisle. We have an opportunity  to prove that today by passing three bipartisan bills that will make a  difference for Arizonans.   I am lucky to have worked closely with my Republican colleagues on  these three commonsense solutions that improve our ability to fight  human trafficking, protect our country from weapons of mass  destruction, and support Arizona veterans.   We have a moral obligation to fight human trafficking, stand up for  victims, and bring traffickers to justice. That is why I cosponsored  the Empowering Financial Institutions to Fight Human Trafficking Act  with Congresswoman Wagner, Congresswoman Maloney, Congresswoman Love,  and Congresswoman Tenney.   This legislation helps nonprofits share valuable intelligence and  collaborate with institutions in real time. Nonprofits are frequently  on the front lines of this fight, combating trafficking and supporting  victims. They see what is happening on the ground,  [[Page H9056]]  and our bill ensures we can freeze money and stop those traffickers in  their tracks. This is good policy that will protect families, and I  urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Keeping Arizonans safe is my top priority. We are also set to pass a  bipartisan bill I introduced with Congressman Tipton to protect America  from terrorists and rogue states like North Korea and Iran.   This week, the President has addressed the United Nations to call for  action to stop weapons proliferation and other threats in Iran. In  Congress, we are taking bipartisan action to combat these same threats.   Our bill, the Improving Strategies to Counter Weapons Proliferation  Act, makes it harder for America's enemies to get their hands on the  world's most deadly weapons by helping choke off the financing of  terrorist activity. This bill makes our country safer and our  communities safer, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Finally, we must always ensure that our support for veterans is  worthy of their sacrifice, and that is why I worked across the aisle  with Congressman Zeldin and Congresswoman Tenney to introduce and pass  the Protect Affordable Mortgages for Veterans Act. This bill fixes the  law and protects veterans from higher costs to refinance their homes.  Our actions help more Arizona veterans achieve the American Dream of  homeownership, and, again, I would urge my colleagues to support this  bipartisan fix that helps America's heroes.   These three bills show that we can get things done and deliver for  everyday Arizonans if we just work together and find common ground, and  I will continue to work across the aisle to keep Arizona families safe  and ensure we honor our commitment to our veterans and military  families.   In particular, I want to thank Congresswoman Wagner, Congressman  Tipton, and Congresswoman Tenney for working together on these  important bills, and I urge my colleagues to support these bipartisan  bills.   