 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in honoring  and paying tribute to my friend and mentor, Senator Heidi Heitkamp.   I am particularly and profoundly grateful for both her trailblazing  work mentoring women who want to run for public office and her  remarkable ability to get things done across party lines in the Senate.   For years, Senator Heitkamp has been at the forefront of mentoring  other women and encouraging them to enter public service, recognizing  that balanced representation is vital to our country's success. In  fact, Heidi Heitkamp and I first met through a program that she helped  start to encourage and prepare women to run for  [[Page S7403]]  office--to do more than just tell us it was possible but to help us  understand that there were ways to prepare for it, to run in our own  way, to be our own people. She helped demonstrate that even though you  may experience setbacks--including her own setback battling breast  cancer--you still have what it takes to serve your communities and to  make a difference. I am incredibly grateful for those lessons, I am  incredibly grateful for her efforts because they have helped inspire  women all across the country.   All the issues that Heidi just talked about in her farewell speech-- there are now armies of current and future public servants who will  take those issues and challenges as their own because she has helped  prepare them to do that.   Then there is Senator Heitkamp's work in the Senate. During the time  we served together in the Senate, I have been so impressed by Senator  Heitkamp's ability to stand up for her priorities and her values, while  also working with anybody else here willing to step up to get results,  particularly on issues such as fighting for rural communities, standing  up for our country's veterans, strengthening our Nation's healthcare  system, and, yes, reminding our colleagues that there is a northern  border that needs to be secured and attended to.   Serving together on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs  Committee, I saw firsthand her capacity to be constructive and to find  compromise. In doing so, she earned the respect and trust of her  colleagues, while also building a record of bipartisan  accomplishments--accomplishments we all know last because of their very  bipartisanship.   Above all, Senator Heitkamp was relentless in fighting for what she  believed. Just ask any of the witnesses who testified before her on the  Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee.   It has been truly an honor to serve with Senator Heitkamp, and all of  us need to continue to work to emulate her example--the example that  she has set of listening to others and being productive, her commitment  and her recognition of the importance of getting things done while  always doing the right thing for the people we serve.   Senator Heidi Heitkamp's voice in this Chamber will be sorely missed,  but I also know that she will keep fighting to make a difference and  that she will continue to do just that.   I yield the floor.   