 Mr. President, as I begin speaking tonight, we are  less than 24 hours away from handing a seat on the Supreme Court to a  man credibly accused of sexual assault--a lifetime appointment that  would give him immense power to determine the right of every American  to access healthcare, to start or grow a family, or even have access to  what the Founders called the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and  the pursuit of happiness.   From the beginning, this nomination process has been a sham. The  confirmation hearing was rushed. Bush- and Trump-era Republicans worked  shoulder to shoulder to ensure that thousands of documents never saw  the light of day. Questions about Kavanaugh's seeming habit of  perjuring himself only grew by the day. That was all before Dr.  Christine Blasey Ford stood up and spoke out, before she took a deep  breath and began to relive the worst moment of her life over and over  again on the national stage, credibly accusing Brett Kavanaugh of  pinning her down, covering her mouth, and changing her life forever.   Now, even after she has testified about the night she was nearly  raped, even after she talked of the memories indelibly etched into her  mind and her 100 percent certainty that it was Brett Kavanaugh that  night, some on the other side of the aisle have prioritized partisan  tribalism over justice, over truth--two of the pillars that supposedly  define our Supreme Court.   How can the FBI investigation be considered anything but a GOP-led  sham when Dr. Ford was not even interviewed, when Mr. Kavanaugh himself  wasn't even questioned or the dozen-plus people Dr. Ford and Deborah  Ramirez have said could help collaborate their stories?   Why the rush? What are the Republicans afraid of? If they are so  convinced that their nominee is not a serial sexual assaulter, why have  they done everything in their power to curb and hinder investigations  into the incidents in question?   The Republicans who angrily claimed on TV yesterday that this  nomination is taking too long, that the Democrats are obstructing for  the sake of obstructing, are literally the same people who delayed the  consideration of Merrick Garland's nomination for 293 days simply  because he was nominated by President Obama.   For the chairman to claim that this nomination has gone on longer  than the ``average'' Supreme Court nomination ignores the reality that  their nominee, who has been credibly accused of multiple sexual  assaults, is being jammed through at lightning speed compared to the  only other nomination he has ever overseen as chairman--Merrick  Garland.   To Leader McConnell, Chairman Grassley, and my Republican colleagues,  I warn you, history has its eyes on you. I beg you to slow down and  consider the stakes of this debate.   Like Neil Gorsuch just a year ago, there are countless other  conservatives scattered throughout the Federal judiciary who could be  confirmed instead of Judge Kavanaugh, potential nominees with zero  credible allegations of sexual assault, who are willing to release  their records, who are capable of demonstrating the thoughtful, careful  temperament we should demand from any possible Supreme Court Justice.   As a nominee, Kavanaugh brought his confirmation hearings two things:  his record and his character. His record revealed that he would eagerly  be the deciding vote in cases that would take away a woman's right to  make her own healthcare decisions, tear healthcare away from millions  of Americans with preexisting conditions, and even empower this  President to act as though he were above the law.   Equally important, his character can be summed up in just a few  words: untruthful, dishonest, intemperate, and unfit to serve. Anyone  who watched the Judiciary Committee hearing last Thursday should have  serious, if not disqualifying, doubts about Brett Kavanaugh. He spewed  out conspiracy theories about the Clintons, went on partisan rants,  appearing belligerent and outraged that anyone would dare keep him from  getting what he appears to feel entitled to. He shouted over Senators,  attacked and insulted them personally, even pledged to exact revenge on  his political adversaries.   Only a man who has never served in harm's way would dare complain  that tough questioning was equivalent to his enemies trying to ``blow  him up.''   Judge Kavanaugh, I have been on the receiving end of an RPG blast, so  I can tell you that sitting in a fancy, air-conditioned hearing room  with a nice glass of ice water for a few hours is nothing at all like  being under attack in the desert and fearing for your life in the  middle of a war zone.   Over and over again, he told what seemed to be bald-faced lies. He  lied about the meaning of his yearbook page, about whether he had any  possible memory loss or had ever become aggressive while drinking,  about what he knew at age 53 and what he did at age 17.    Sadly, we shouldn't even be surprised. Kavanaugh has a habit of  appearing to lie under oath. Over the years, he has dissembled and been  dishonest under oath on a number of issues, including his role in  developing the Bush administration's policies on torture.   This consistent dishonesty, this disregard, even distaste for the  truth should be disqualifying for any Supreme Court nominee, but my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle are turning a blind eye,  seemingly not bothered one bit by his dishonesty, much less the  credible allegations of sexual assault against him.   Today is the 1-year anniversary of the New Yorker's Harvey Weinstein  story that broke open the #MeToo movement. Now, exactly 365 days later,  we in the Senate are faced with a choice: Do we believe the survivors  who come forward to tell their stories, or would we rather take the  easy route, dismissing their claims as misguided or mixed up, as one of  my colleagues put it, ignoring their claims, ignoring their pain?   Well, I, for one, believe Dr. Ford and Deborah Ramirez. ``Courage''  is the word that comes to mind when I think of these women. They didn't  ask for this burden. They did not want this spotlight or the death  threats and fear that have come right along with it. They have put  country before self and have spoken out anyway, knowing full well that  some would vilify them for doing so.   Take a moment to imagine what they have gone through. Imagine being a  teenage girl alone and scared, outnumbered and overpowered and  terrified. Imagine carrying that trauma with you every day for decades,  then having to relive it in front of the entire country, and then being  called a liar, having your life threatened, and being victimized all  over again in the process.   It now rests on the U.S. Senate to listen. We must set an example for  the rest of the country and avoid repeating  [[Page S6618]]  the sins of confirmations past. We must condemn efforts to shame  survivors even when--especially when it is the President himself doing  the bullying.   By refusing to confirm Brett Kavanaugh, we can send the message that  victims of sexual assault matter, that their voices will be heard, and  that seeking justice for these survivors is more important than the  confirmation of any single individual. We can recognize the bravery it  took for these women to speak out. Doing so would make clear that, at  least in the U.S. Senate, if not in the White House, time is truly up  for any judicial nominee credibly accused of sexual assault. Doing so  would at least begin to restore integrity to how the Senate carries out  its constitutional responsibility to provide advice and consent.   To any of my colleagues considering voting yes on this nominee,  please take just a few minutes to listen again to the opening words of  Dr. Ford last Thursday. Hear the pain in her words, the truth in her  voice.   I will be voting no on Judge Kavanaugh's nomination. On behalf of Dr.  Ford and survivors everywhere, I am begging--begging--each of my  colleagues to do the same.    I yield the floor.   