 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  especially thank him for his exceptional leadership over the years to  honor the historic collaboration that has always existed in our country  between urban and rural America that is in all of our interests that  our farm countries succeed, and that is in all of our interests that  the American people are not food insecure. So I thank you, Mr. Ranking  Member, for your outstanding leadership on behalf of America's farmers  and hungry families.   Mr. Chair, this bill is just a mystery to me because we have tried so  hard over the years to work in a bipartisan way, to come together to  write a farm bill that does honor that historic collaboration--urban,  rural--meeting the nutritional needs of the American people, and  encouraging the economic growth in farm country. This legislation does  not do that, and I have some questions as to why.   Some of the questions came to mind last week when I was on a farm in  Iowa listening to hardworking men and women talk about their challenges  with this farm bill: that it does not bolster or preserve the farmer  safety net; that the bill reduces investments in agriculture research,  conservation, and rural development; and that it cuts nutrition  assistance that so many there, even in farm country, and in our country  rely upon.   When I was in Iowa, as I said, last week, I had the privilege of  meeting a wonderful woman named Julia Slocum. Julia works two jobs. She  is a third-generation farmer and a part-time librarian. Over the years,  she has relied on the lifeline of SNAP to put food on the table during  difficult times, a farmer relying on SNAP to put food on the table.   I challenge House Republicans to explain to Julia why they are  abandoning hardworking people like her, abandoning her twice by gutting  the farmer safety net and by cutting SNAP.   This bad bill steals food off the tables of children, seniors,  students. 1.5 million of our veterans rely on the nutrition provision  of this bill.   It is not just our veterans. That would be reason alone to be  concerned, 1.5 million. But 23,000 of the families of Active-Duty  servicemembers need to have food stamps because they are food  insecure--and they are hurt by this legislation--individuals with  disabilities, working families, our seniors, students, children.  Children.   Democrats have always supported work initiatives for those who can  work. Let's be clear: This is not a jobs bill. SNAP returns money to  farmers, to our economy, and to the Treasury, creating $1.79 for every  $1 in benefits, and supports more than 560,000 jobs across the country,  including 50,000 in agriculture.   Republicans are contending that they are investing in jobs. They are  not investing in jobs. They are creating a bureaucracy and ignoring  initiatives already in place to measure what really works in relating  food to jobs. And they are wasting billions on new bureaucracies that  would take decades to implement and that would increase hunger and  poverty across the country.   It is no wonder that so many faith-based groups across the country  view this bill as one that does not reflect the values of America.  Again and again, Republicans try to ransack the lifelines of working  families to pay for handouts and to enrich the already wealthy. This  bill abandons America's farmers when they are in a tough spot.   The farm economy is struggling. As you know, farm prices are  plummeting. More and more families are in danger of losing the farm,  and that was before the Trump tariffs invited retaliation from China.  Yet Republicans are creating a self-inflicted crisis farming  communities can't afford and they can't control.    I challenge House Republicans to explain to farmers and ranchers why  they propose a bill that weakens the farmer safety net when we should  be protecting family farmers--soybean, corn, wheat, pork, and specialty  crop growers--from self-inflicted damage of Trump's trade brinkmanship.   Explain why this bill slashes hundreds of millions from rural  development initiatives, cuts small business loan guarantees, and adds  new layers of bureaucracy to high-speed broadband grants when we should  be investing in self-sufficiency for small towns.   Explain, my Republican colleagues, why this bill eliminates funding  for on-farm energy initiatives and biofuels when we should be embracing  the American farmer's role in making America sustainable and energy  independent.   Explain, my colleagues, why this bill creates new loopholes for  millionaires, multimillionaires, and billionaires to receive farm  subsidies when we should be investing in the next generation of farmers  and ranchers.   For the sake of our children, families, and hardworking Americans  such as Julia, for our veterans, for our servicemen and -women,  Americans with disabilities, we must return to the table and craft a  balanced, robust, bipartisan farm bill as we have done in the past and  the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Agriculture knows is  possible.   We must return to the historic, decades-long bipartisan solution that  weds our farmers and our hungry families together. Republicans must put  aside politics and honor our responsibilities to 16 million men and  women of agriculture and the nearly 41 million Americans who are food  insecure. That is why I urge a ``no'' on this dangerous bill.   