 Mr. President, I rise to reluctantly reserve the right  to object. I will object to amendment No. 3424, which would permanently  authorize the revenue collection and deposit functions of the Land and  Water Conservation Fund.   I thank my colleague from North Carolina, and I thank my colleague  from Colorado. I, too, know, hear, and understand the passion that they  have expressed not only at this time but that they have expressed for  quite some time in their support for this important conservation  program. It is something about which we, as Americans, have much to be  proud.   I have expressed some of my concerns about how, historically, certain  aspects of the Land and Water Conservation Fund have shifted from there  being less for stateside acquisition and more for Federal acquisition.  I would like to see some of that reallocated and rebalanced. In  concept, what we have designed with the LWCF is something that has  brought strong and good benefit to our States and, really, to  conservation efforts throughout the country.   When the Senators speak about the merits of the program, I find  nothing that I can disagree with in terms of the benefits that we see.  Why I rise to express my objection in advancing the amendment is that  the issue they have raised is to permanently seek to authorize this  program. The collection and deposit provisions within LWCF are  currently authorized, and, as they have pointed out, they are  authorized through September 30 of this year. The measure they bring  before us would be to permanently authorize those expiring provisions.  It is, in its very nature, authorizing on an appropriations bill. We  have an annual spending bill that basically directs that spending for 1  year. This measure would be significant in the extent of its  authorization.   We have sought to advance the 12 appropriations bills through to the  floor in a manner that we have not seen in years. I mentioned, when we  started this debate on Monday night, that we haven't had an Interior  appropriations bill on the Senate floor since 2010. That is not the  Senators' fault. That is a failure of our process. One can assign a lot  of blame, and one can point a lot of fingers. The fact of the matter is  that we had moved from that responsibility of ``What are the annual  spending priorities that the appropriating committees are tasked to do  every year?'' to, effectively, bringing in a lot of the authorizing  that the authorizing committees themselves needed to do, and it was not  working. We stalled ourselves out. We had big omnibus bills that nobody  liked. So we are trying to get back to a process that we can stand  behind, that really defines what the appropriations process is designed  to do.   At the direction of Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy, we have  agreed to really try to come together to work to restore what we fondly  refer to as ``regular order'' and what some don't even know to be  regular order because they have never really experienced it. Because we  made that commitment, we were actually able to move an Interior  Appropriations Subcommittee bill through the full committee by 31 to  0--unanimous. I don't know if there has ever been a unanimous vote on  an Interior appropriations bill out of the subcommittee, much less  being able to bring it to the floor.   So much of this objection is due to the fact that the Senator's  amendment would seek to permanently authorize on an appropriation's 1- year annual spending bill. I think it is also important to point out to  colleagues that while the current authorization does extend through  September 30, the authority to collect and deposit revenues in the  funds is what expires on September 30. The ability and the authority to  appropriate money continues indefinitely.   For those who may be concerned that if we fail to authorize this  before September 30 the sky is going to fall on the LWCF and that all  the good that is in the works will stop, that is not accurate. Within  this year's spending bill, we have authorized the LWCF to the 2018  level of $425 million. Within this amount, the stateside assistance  programs are about 50 percent of the funding. There was $124 million in  2015 for NPS stateside and also additional funding for the American  Battlefield Protection Program--an increase this year to the highest  level ever within this account.   I want to make sure that my colleagues do know that my commitment  here and the commitment of many in this body is to work with our  colleagues--to work with the Senator from North Carolina, to work with  the Senator from Colorado, and with the many others who care deeply and  rightly about the future of the Land and Water Conservation Fund--to  ensure that it is able to continue the good work that it does.   I remind my friends that it was just about a year and a half ago when  we moved an energy bill out of the authorizing committee, the Energy  and Natural Resources Committee. Included as part of that measure was a  permanent authorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This  is something that the Senator from Colorado had worked on with us, and  Senator Cantwell, the ranking member on the committee, made sure that  it was a priority. Now, that measure has not seen floor time this year.  We were able to  [[Page S5403]]  move it out in the last Congress. We were able to move that bill out by  85 to 12.   When the Senator from North Carolina says that there is good support  for the LWCF within this body, we have demonstrated it. We have  demonstrated it through votes on the floor, and we have demonstrated it  through the support in the authorizing committee.   I do think there is a path forward, but I ask my colleagues to honor  the commitment we have made to try to advance our appropriations bills  in an order that respects the authority that we have as appropriators,  which is to appropriate these dollars to the designated priorities and  to stand down when it comes to authorizing on these appropriating  bills.   The Senators have my commitment, most certainly, to continue to work  on a positive path forward--a path that is not months in delay. I  absolutely believe that the Senator from North Carolina is very serious  in his commitment and his resolve that we will see this issue before us  on every vehicle out there. It is in my best interest--I think it is in  our best interests--to figure out how we are able to come to an  agreement to support a program that most of us can get behind, to do so  in a manner that allows us to do our legislative business, and to do so  with the level of comity and civility that this process demands.   With that, again, I reluctantly and respectfully object.   