 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business for such time as I may consume.    Mr. President, I am so proud to be here. This is my first  time speaking on the Senate floor, and because I represent the great  State of Minnesota, I thought I would do the polite thing and start out  by properly introducing myself.   I came to Minnesota right out of business school, just married, with  my husband Archie, in a beat-up orange car, and with a ton of student  loans. Most people who have never been to Minnesota know us for our  weather, but we have a thriving business community with a number of  Fortune 500 companies, and I got my start working for one of them:  General Mills.   The winters were every bit as cold as we had heard, but Archie and I  fell in love with Minnesota anyway and, before long, we put down roots.  We have two sons, Sam and Mason, and instead of just building a career,  suddenly we were building a life.  [[Page S2979]]    I am so glad Archie and my dad Harlan, whose 88th birthday is this  Saturday, could come to Washington to cheer me on today.   So that is the story of how I became a Minnesotan. The story of how I  wound up in the Senate really starts in 1990. I had left General Mills  and started a small business that I ran out of our house. Sam was 3,  Mason was 1. It was a busy, exciting, and happy time for us.   My parents had raised me to believe that if you are truly going to be  part of a community, it is not enough to just pay your taxes and keep  your lawn nice and say hi at the grocery store. You have to find a way  to get involved in civic life. When I was young, they had been involved  in local politics. So I looked around the community, where Archie and I  had decided to raise our kids, and saw we had a State senator who was  really out of touch with the values my neighbors and I shared. Not only  that, but there was a young, energetic candidate running against her,  and he had young kids, just like we did.   In those days, campaigns tended to put their focus on traditional  neighborhoods with single-family homes. I guess the idea was that if  you own your own home, that probably means you are old enough to be  likely to vote and invested enough in your community to really care  about what is happening, but a lot of my neighbors lived in apartment  buildings, and they had a lot to say about how they thought things were  going, and frankly they were kind of tired of being ignored. As I have  always seen it, if you really listen to people, you will find that  everybody has a story worth hearing, everybody has a problem that is  worth working to solve, and when it comes to making big decisions in  the community, everybody deserves a seat at the table.   So I packed up the stroller with Sam and Mason, and we went off to  organize in the apartment buildings. People were surprised to see me,  but I had a great time. I got to know my neighbors, asked a lot of  questions, listened to their answers, and we built relationships. The  guy I was organizing for became the first Democrat to win that seat in  a decade.   After that, I stayed involved in campaigns and issues I cared about,  especially when it came to women's issues. My dad had been on the board  of Planned Parenthood in Ohio, and I got a chance to work for Planned  Parenthood in Minnesota.   Then one day I got a call from the mayor of Minneapolis, R.T. Rybak.  He had been in office for a few years and was working on a whole range  of challenges, starting with an epidemic of violence among young  people. R.T. is a really creative thinker, and he thought that if I  could bring my business experience to the position of chief of staff,  we could do some good work together. I was intrigued, so I made the  leap.   It was one of the best professional decisions I have ever made. I  loved the challenges of that job. Later, I held the same job for the  Governor of Minnesota, Mark Dayton.   Then one day, to my utter shock, Governor Dayton asked me to run with  him and serve as Lieutenant Governor. I will be honest. That took a  little bit of getting used to. When it comes to public service, I have  always been a lot more comfortable with the service part than the  public part, but that job involved a lot of the same skills I used in  my business career: building relationships, looking for new solutions  to old problems, creating coalitions to get things done, and it  involved one of my favorite parts of politics, which is listening to  people's stories.   A lot of times, when a big, powerful politician walks into a room  full of people, everybody kind of clams up and waits for him to say  what is on his mind. After all, that is why people came and, at the  end, maybe he has time for a couple of questions before he has to run  off to the next event, but there is rarely a chance for a real  conversation.   This is where being kind of a low-key person works to my advantage. I  would come into coffee shops or community centers or even people's  homes, and I would introduce myself and ask people questions: What is  going on with you? What have the last few weeks been like for you? What  keeps you up at night? That is when people really start to open up.   You know, it is one thing to go around the table at a forum and have  someone say ``healthcare is my big issue,'' but when you are in  someone's living room and you are drinking their coffee--and we love  coffee in Minnesota--you have met their dog, you get the chance to hear  stories like this:   I just went to visit my mom in a nursing home. She is 40 miles away.  With the kids in soccer and karate and the school band, I am just so  busy, I only get there a couple of times a month. The nurses are great,  and they work so hard, but they only stay there for 6 months at a time  because they get hired away by a big hospital system that can pay them  more. So I worry that my mom is never going to get the same nurse for  more than 6 months at a time. I wish there was some way these nurses  could get paid more so they don't have to leave.   I can't tell you how much these conversations mean to me, and so,  when I was Lieutenant Governor, I made Minnesotans' living rooms my  office, and I spent as much time as I could just talking to people. I  have always found that when you ask people what they think and then you  really listen to what they say, instead of just waiting for the answer  that you were expecting, that is when you start to get a sense of what  you can do to improve people's lives.   Now that I have this opportunity to serve the people of Minnesota in  Washington, I am so focused on the issues that they tell me about when  I am sitting in their living rooms, around their family pictures, and  talking about what is happening to them.   The thing that keeps coming up in these conversations is a very  simple but a very powerful idea; that is, freedom. In this country, you  are supposed to have the freedom to build the kind of life you want-- and not just the freedom but the opportunity. If you are putting in 16- /18-hour days and still struggling to make the rent and put food on the  table, let alone pay for childcare or if you have a child who doesn't  want to go to a 4-year college and you have no idea how he or she is  going to find a decent job out of high school or if someone in your  family is sick and the cost of medicine is blowing a gaping hole in  your budget, well, then you are not getting that opportunity, are you?  You don't have that freedom.   Minnesotans who aren't getting that opportunity, who are being denied  that freedom, deserve to have a voice here in Washington, and that is  the kind of Senator I want to be.   So this is the story of how I came to be here and what I want my work  here to be like, but I am also well aware of the way the story  sometimes gets told here in Washington, and it is not actually a story  about me at all. Sometimes I am barely a character in the story.   Instead, it is a story about a man who held this seat before me, a  man I consider to be a good friend and a champion for the progressive  values that brought me into politics, or maybe it is a broader story  about how we should hold powerful men accountable for their actions and  about the hope so many of us have that this moment represents a turning  of a tide. I get that. I understand that.   My presence here in the Senate will always be seen by some as a  symbol of a broader conversation we are having in this country today  about the experience of women, so I want to give my perspective about  that and say my piece about where I hope this conversation goes.   My grandmother, Avis, was born in 1898. This is Avis here, standing  in the background with a cigarette in her hand. She was 17 years old  when the suffragettes crashed Woodrow Wilson's inauguration and  demanded franchise, and she grew up to be the president of a small  community bank in rural Indiana at a time when such a thing was unheard  of. Avis didn't seize the bank in a hostile takeover or anything; her  father owned the bank. He had three daughters, so the only way for him  to keep that bank in the family was to pass it on to them. When he did  that, instead of handing it over to their husbands, what my grandmother  and their sisters did was they went ahead and ran that bank themselves.   Avis's daughter, my mother Chris, was 33 years old the year that  Griswold v. Connecticut was decided, confirming that married women had  the right to  [[Page S2980]]  contraception and thus to control their futures. But when mom graduated  from college a few years earlier, the options for women were still  pretty limited. My mom wanted to be a journalist, but her father told  her that she had better come out of school prepared for a career that  would allow her to take care of herself. Back then, that meant she  could be a teacher, a secretary, or a nurse. Mom picked teacher.   We lost my mom not quite 2 years ago to Alzheimer's. She was such an  inspiration to me, and I think she would have been an incredible  journalist. But mom didn't sit around and feel sorry for herself. Just  like her mother before her, she was a fighter, and she figured out how  to make the best possible life for herself and for the people she  loved, no matter what the constraints anyone else tried to put on her.   As for me, I was 16 the year Roe v. Wade was decided. I grew up in a  time of incredible progress for women, and with women like my mother  and my grandmother in my family tree, I believed it when my mother and  father told me that I could do whatever I wanted to do when I grew up,  which isn't to say that I didn't notice the way the world worked.   It is interesting. I graduated from business school in 1984. That  year, the big story among MBA types was about Mary Cunningham. Mary was  a brilliant woman. When she graduated from Harvard Business School, the  dean had said she might someday become Harvard's first female graduate  to become chairman of a noncosmetic company. That is what passed for a  compliment back then. Indeed, she went on to become one of the first  women who had ever held a senior leadership role in a Fortune 100  company. But that is not why she was famous. Mary was famous because of  gossip that she had slept her way to the top of the corporate ladder.  That was the context for young women like me when we started in  business.   I remember that my graduating class in business school was about one- third women, and we all dressed like men--suits and white shirts and  red power ties. We were dressing in a world where women could dream of  professional success, but the best way to do that was to pass like a  man.   I have been fortunate in my career and in my life. I have always been  surrounded by strong women and thoughtful men. I don't have a horror  story to share like the ones we have heard from so many women in the  ``me too.'' movement or the millions of similar stories that have gone  unheard simply because the men in those stories weren't famous. But  when you really listen to women, you begin to understand the million  little ways in which all women are made less and denied the opportunity  to contribute to their communities and their country.   The day that Governor Dayton announced he was appointing me to fill  this Senate seat, I stood next to him feeling proud and excited and  ready to serve the people of Minnesota. Why not? Here I was, with a  graduate degree, having worked at General Mills and started my own  company, having managed 34,000 people and a multibillion-dollar budget  as chief of staff for the Governor and served as Lieutenant Governor.  Then a reporter raised his hands and he asked: ``So, do you think  you'll be able to do this?'' Like a lot of women, I brushed it off. You  learn to deal with stuff like this.   The indignities are one thing, but there are also injustices that are  holding women back, and a lot of them start with the policies that get  made right here in Washington. There is the stuff that gets a lot of  attention, like trying to defund Planned Parenthood, which millions of  women rely on for healthcare, rolling back women's access to basic  reproductive services, and standing in the way of equal pay for equal  work. Then there is the stuff that you only really understand when you  listen to the realities in women's lives. The high cost of childcare  isn't a woman's issue per se, but who winds up having to drop out of  the workforce when a family can't afford childcare? Women do. The high  cost of prescription drugs isn't a woman's issue per se, but who winds  up shouldering the responsibility of caring for aging parents? Women  do. Just last month, the conservative majority on the Supreme Court  decided that employers should be able to force workers into signing  mandatory arbitration agreements that prohibit them from going to court  when they are mistreated. That isn't a woman's issue per se, either,  but millions of women who are sexually harassed or abused in the  workplace lost their ability to seek justice in the process.   All of these things add up to a world in which women are unfairly  denied that freedom I was talking about earlier--the freedom to build  the kind of lives they want. We may have moved past the days when that  freedom depended on your father or your husband, but much of it still  depends on what we do here in Washington, and we are letting too many  women down.   You don't have to be a woman to care about these problems or to be  part of the solution. In fact, Senator Franken led the fight to ban  those mandatory arbitration clauses when he was serving in this seat.  But the fact is, a lot of these problems have endured because women  haven't had a seat at the table here in Washington.   I am the 51st woman to take the oath of office as United States  Senator, but we have had 50 different Senators named Charles--and I  mean no disrespect to my minority leader. Put another way, nearly half  of all the women who have ever served in the United States Senate are  serving right now. You can slice and dice these numbers a million  different ways. They are all sobering. But it is changing. Since I took  the office, my friend from Mississippi became the Senate's 52nd-ever  woman and the 27th Smith. So instead of my place in the Senate  reminding people of all the ways in which women have been held back  from contributing in our country, I want it to be a reminder of the  contributions women can make when we have the freedom to do so.   One of the best things about my time here so far has been getting to  know the other women in the Senate. Some of us are very progressive  Democrats, and some of us are very conservative Republicans, but we get  together once a month, and we listen, and we talk to each other, and we  find a lot of common ground.   My friend Lisa Murkowski and I have something in common. It turns out  we both worked on the Trans-Alaska Pipeline on the North Slope of  Alaska. I know I don't look like somebody who worked on a pipeline, but  after high school, I joined the union and spent a summer working in the  kitchen--a kitchen in a construction camp on Prudhoe Bay. It was only  an entry-level job--I wasn't allowed to touch anything hot or sharp-- but it was an interesting summer, and all these years later, it gave  Lisa  and me something to talk about. Once we started talking about  that, we found ourselves talking about something else we have in  common: We both are really concerned about the fact that kids in rural  communities don't have access to the mental health services they need.  We have both met with too many parents and too many teachers who worry  that kids are slipping through the cracks. So we decided to team up,  and now we have a bipartisan bill to bring mental health professionals  in the National Health Service Corps into more schools so more kids can  have access to services.   The truth is, when women are empowered to contribute more fully, we  all benefit. We have seen it in our economy for the last generation. We  are seeing it in our politics, as women drive the resistance to  policies that hurt working people and leave our children vulnerable to  gun violence. We are seeing it more and more here in the Senate. I am  so proud to be a part of that.   I know that I am going to always be known in part for the  circumstances that brought me here, but I will tell you what I told  that reporter when he asked whether or not I thought I could handle  this job: Do not underestimate me.   I believe that, as a woman and as a progressive and as a Minnesotan,  I have a lot to contribute to this body, and I am so ready to do that  work. I intend to stand up to this administration when it attacks the  values I believe in, but I am also ready to listen, to learn, and so  ready to work with anyone who wants to expand freedom and opportunity  for women and men across this country.   I believe we can find ways to work together and make some progress  for the people we represent. And I will tell  [[Page S2981]]  you something else: I believe we can actually enjoy doing it. I know  that is not a trendy thing to say. I know we are supposed to come here  and immediately start complaining about how broken everything is, how  horrible the other side is, and how much we hate these jobs that we  spend all this time and money campaigning for. I have to say, I don't  get it. I think it is so amazing that we get to go out and talk to  people about their lives and then bring their ideas and their concerns  to the table here in Washington and try to figure out how to make  progress for them.   I grew up out West, in New Mexico. In fact, Senator Udall and Senator  Heinrich tell me I am the only Senator currently serving who was born  in New Mexico. Our town was informally divided into two parts, and mine  was one of the only White families in our neighborhood, which was  mostly populated by Hispanic families who had been there for  generations. Most of the kids I grew up around spoke Spanish at home.  So from a very early age, I grew up with this sense that everyone  around me had something different to offer.   My parents sent me to the public school in our neighborhood, and my  school, frankly, lacked some of the resources that the schools where  more of the White kids went had. So my parents got involved. My dad  joined the school board, my mom volunteered, and they both devoted part  of their lives to making things better. Do you know what? They loved  it. They loved doing that work.   I was raised to believe that the world is full of people who share  the same hopes and dreams but have very different experiences and  perspectives and that part of being a good citizen is to go out and  listen to those different experiences and perspectives and do your part  to help and that it can even be fun.   Maybe that is why Minnesota was the right place for me to go into  public service. Minnesotans really love doing the hard work of  democracy. We vote in higher numbers than anyone else. We love talking  about the issues of the day in the checkout line of the supermarket,  along with the weather, which we really love talking about. We almost  always elect people who enjoy working to protect people's lives, to  improve people's lives, and there is no better example of that than my  friend and senior Senator, Amy Klobuchar. She is effective because she  doesn't buy into the cynicism. She really believes that by listening to  people and working hard to make a difference for them, progress is  possible, and she proves it every single day. The same was true of my  predecessor, Senator Franken, who brought not just wit but heart and  passion to his work. It has been true for a long line of Minnesotans,  from Hubert Humphrey and Walter Mondale to Paul Wellstone and Dave  Durenberger.   The other thing you learn when you spend a lot of time listening to  Minnesotans is just how hard they are willing to work to create  opportunity for their families. They deserve a Senator who will work  just as hard on their behalf, and I am not just ready to do that, I am  excited to do that.   I know there will be some rough days here in the Senate, but what an  honor to have the chance to do this work alongside all of you. With my  mother and my grandmother beside me, I am so thrilled to be here, and I  am full of hope about the progress we can all make together.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jennifer  Ayscue, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the Congress.   