 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I rise to honor a dear friend. Her  name was Emily Fay Reese, who passed away on November 3 at the young  age of 44 after 8 years of battling colon cancer.   Emily was a source of strength and a beacon of light in the Reno  community. She radiated love and kindness to every person she met, and  her loss will be felt by every single person whose life she touched.   She loved and adored her three children, Madeline, KJ, and Thomas,  who are living legacies and testaments to the amazing person that Emily  was.   ``Live life, love life, and impact others,'' these are the words  Emily lived by and wanted to share with the rest of the world. During  her life, she embodied this simple message--giving life and love, doing  all she could to make a difference in the lives of others. She did this  first as a public school teacher, and after her cancer diagnosis she  became a person on a mission to educate us all about the importance of  accessible, affordable, and quality healthcare for everyone.   Before her passing, Emily wished for her friends and family to honor  her by voting. She recognized how consequential elections were to  building a better future for her children and her country. Emily was  proud that she was able to vote early and cast her ballot to make sure  her voice was heard in Nevada. Even in the final days of her life, she  continued to fight for all of us.   Her advocacy was one way for her to impact others, and she fought to  protect the healthcare of Nevadans by using her diagnosis to openly  talk about what it was like to live with a terminal diagnosis and the  difference that the Affordable Care Act had made in extending and  improving the quality of her life. She reminded us that the ACA meant  that she could spend her time with her children instead of worrying  about bills and bankruptcy.   The last time I saw Emily was here, on Capitol Hill, just a few  months ago. She was advocating on behalf of our fellow Nevadans who  rely on Medicaid to get the care they need. She was here to oppose  massive funding cuts to the program that she said was saving her life.  She was here to speak out against a lawsuit that would take away  protections from Americans with preexisting conditions and to fight for  people like her who didn't have a voice. She was a ``Battle Born''  woman, and with grace, dignity, and courage, she bore her fight against  cancer and for healthcare for every American.   Emily was a fighter; she was a mother; and she was a friend. I will  be forever grateful for the time she spent in giving voice to the  voiceless and for her commitment to bettering the lives of those who,  like her, need their healthcare protected.   Today and every day, I honor Emily's memory and continue to fight to  protect healthcare for every Nevadan so that those who are struggling  with illness can focus on their fights to get better, can spend time  with their families, and live out their lives with dignity.   Emily's legacy lives on through every life she has touched, including  mine. Emily's legacy will continue to live on through each of us and  through her beautiful family. I know she will continue to bless us with  her profound light, which will guide us and give us strength through  the good times and the bad. Knowing Emily was a blessing, and I thank  her for her friendship.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   