 Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the  nomination of Alex Azar, President Trump's nominee for Secretary of  Health and Human Services. I join many of my colleagues in expressing  concerns about this nominee.   First, I believe Mr. Azar will accelerate the Trump administration  and  [[Page S486]]  congressional Republicans' harmful agenda on Medicaid, which I view as  nothing less than a war on Medicaid.   Medicaid is a lifeline for millions of Americans and a smart  healthcare and economic strategy for our country. Last year, I spent  hours on the Senate floor presenting data and information to my  colleagues showing why cutting and capping Medicaid is a very bad idea.  I met with Medicaid patients, safety net hospitals, community health  centers, and local elected officials in every corner of my State. They  had a crystal-clear message for me: Cutting and capping Medicaid will  be bad for patients, bad for the healthcare delivery system, bad for  local economies, and bad for our State. They expressed a consensus view  that capping Medicaid is not healthcare reform, nor is it innovation;  it is simply a budget mechanism to throw people off of healthcare.   Mr. Azar has stated that he favors a block grant or per-capita cap  financing approach for Medicaid. He speaks highly of the current  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, Administrator and  their troubling regulatory agenda for Medicaid. Mr. Azar has been a  cheerleader for the partisan legislation we debated last year that  would permanently eviscerate Medicaid. These bills, depending on each  iteration, would take Medicaid coverage from 14 million Americans,  sunset the successful Medicaid expansion, and eliminate up to one-third  of Federal Medicaid investment over the next two decades, according to  the Congressional Budget Office. I have every reason to believe that  Mr. Azar would continue and accelerate the Trump administration's war  on Medicaid.   Second, I have no evidence to suggest that Mr. Azar will stop the  Trump administration's track record of throwing needless chaos into the  individual health insurance markets.   There is bipartisan agreement that we need to make health insurance  more affordable, particularly in the individual market, where about 7  percent of Americans buy coverage; yet the Trump administration has  rejected bipartisan consensus and moved us backwards. This  administration has proposed to unleash ``junk insurance'' under the  guise of association health plans, cancelled cost-sharing reduction  payments, created roadblocks to insurance enrollment, and pursued  backdoor schemes to rescind protections for people with preexisting  conditions. I have every indication that Mr. Azar will continue this  trajectory of higher costs, less coverage, and more uncertainty.   I believe we can and must tackle rising healthcare costs by  innovating in the delivery of healthcare, instead of simply capping  programs and kicking people off coverage. To that end, I hope that Mr.  Azar will advance true delivery system change in the Medicare Program,  as he says he wants to, and engage with Senators of both parties to  work on good ideas to bring more value and efficiency to our healthcare  system.   For these reasons, I will oppose Mr. Azar's confirmation to be  Secretary of Health and Human Services.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   