 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk about something  that is such an urgent challenge for our Nation and the world; that is,  climate change. Over the weekend, we received the most recent and most  dire warning of the costs of inaction yesterday when the U.N.  Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change issued its report. It wasn't  easy to break through the news in the last week. We all know there was  a lot going on, but this one did.   Why did this break through the news? First of all, it was such a  comprehensive report. It was a product of 91 scientists from 40  countries. They looked at more than 6,000 studies, and they concluded,  absent major changes in our greenhouse gas emissions, the devastating  consequences of climate change are coming much sooner than previously  expected. I think that is why it made front page news--because of the  timeline.   I think a lot of times people think of something that maybe their  grandkids or great-grandkids are going to have to deal with, but, no,  actually the pages in this room--young people today, people even in my  generation--are going to have to be dealing directly with the frontline  consequences of climate change.   The report predicted that the atmosphere will warm up by as much as  2.7 degrees Fahrenheit above preindustrial levels by 2040. That is just  over 20 years. Think about the pages in this room. Twenty years from  now might seem long, but it is not that long at all.   Just 20 years ago, we could see persistent droughts--we are already  seeing a number of droughts now--food shortages, worsening wildfires-- think of what we have already seen in Colorado and California on the  west coast--and increased coastal flooding, damage that could cost $54  trillion. This is about loss of life, loss of quality of life, and this  is about loss of money and loss of people's incomes.   As the authors of the report make clear, it will take immediate  action to avoid these catastrophic consequences for our country and our  world. First, by 2030, we must reduce greenhouse gas pollution by 45  percent from 2010 levels. Second, by 2050, we must increase our use of  renewable energy, such as wind and solar, by as much as 47 percent.   Do you know what? We can do this. If we don't do anything, we are  going to face dire consequences.   When I first came to the Senate, we started hearing from military  people and from scientists from all over the world about what we could  see even in the next 10 years, 20 years, 30 years. So much of that has  already come true. Imagine if we do nothing, and we keep on this  trajectory.   The American people understand it. I hear about the climate issue  everywhere I go in my State--from hunters in Northern Minnesota to  people who like to snowmobile and cross-country ski, to business  leaders in the Port of Duluth, to students at the University of  Minnesota.   Increasingly, warmer temperatures are having dramatic effects all  over the northern part of our country. Lyme disease has spread further  north. Aspen forests are shrinking. Moose range is declining. There is  thirty-seven percent more rainfall as a result of mega rainstorms than  we saw 50 years ago. The ragweed pollen season has extended 3 weeks in  the Twin Cities in just the past 20 years. Those are facts.   When you think about the effect that has on animals, think about the  effect that has on our daily lives, and then think about what would  happen if we kept going that way, not just this way but that way in the  next 20 years. This is in stark contrast to comments made by some who  still suggest the climate change debate isn't settled. I couldn't  disagree more.   I know we had a vote in this Chamber where something like 98 or 99  Senators voted that climate change is occurring. There may not be  agreement on what we should do about it, but there better be soon.   I am a former prosecutor, so I believe in evidence. As this U.N.  report shows us, the facts and the science couldn't be clearer. I  suggest that everyone read about it or read summaries, which are easily  available. Every week seems to bring fresh evidence of the damage  climate change is already causing, and Americans will feel the  consequences.   My State may be miles and miles away from rising oceans, but the  impacts are not less of a real threat to my State. Climate change isn't  just about melting glaciers, although we sure have seen those. Anyone  who visits Glacier National Park--I went with my family--can literally  see over time, decade by decade, the changes to those glaciers. I once  visited Greenland with a number of Senators, including Republican  Senators, and you could see what is happening there as major icebergs  and parts of their ice sheets are breaking off and disappearing. You  can see the physical evidence of this. You can see the photographs of  this. It is not just about that.   Recently, we have seen the devastating impact of natural disasters,  like Hurricane Florence and the catastrophic flooding this summer  throughout Southern Minnesota in Duluth. There may be some political  division around climate change; that is putting it mildly. But there  isn't any real scientific division because nearly all of the scientists  in this world believe this is happening.   I will never forget an episode from the John Oliver show, which is a  humorous program to watch, but it brings  [[Page S6707]]  real issues to light. To show that kind of scientific division, he  decided to have a bunch of scientists on the stage with him. They were  wearing their white coats. He had something like 97 or 98 scientists on  one side in their white coats and 1 or 2 on the other side. That is the  division. It is not real division if you are someone who believes in  evidence. Climate change is occurring, and this latest report is from  the scientists all over the world who would have no reason to do this  except to warn people about the truth. That is why they are doing this.   As citizens, we have an obligation to learn about it, to understand  it, and to support ideas that will not hold us back dramatically but  will allow us to tackle this head-on. If we don't tackle this issue, we  are going to continue to struggle with the far-reaching economic and  environmental consequences. This report makes clear that those risks  aren't far off in the future for your great-great-great-great-great- great grandchildren; no, they could become a crisis as soon as 2040.   Shifting global trends have the potential to wreak more subtle, long- term havoc on our businesses and industries. That is why so many  businesses in my State support doing something about climate change.  Sometimes it is because they have customers all over the world--all  over the world in areas that are going to be the first hit by tsunamis  and other weather events or it is because they simply want to be good  corporate citizens or it is because they see their bottom line and how  it is going to be affected if we don't do something about this.   The U.N. report details the economic damage that will happen if we  fail to act, including losses of roughly 1.2 percent to our gross  domestic product for every 1.8 degrees of warning. As it gets hotter,  the GDP does go down.   As a Senator from a State with a strong agricultural industry and a  tradition of hunting, fishing, snowmobiling, and skiing, climate change  is not only a direct threat to our State's economy, it is also a threat  to our quality of life, to the way we grew up, to enjoying the outdoors  with our friends and our families.   When President Trump announced that the United States would withdraw  from the international climate change agreement last summer, I heard a  lot from people in our State.   As you all know, 195 countries made a pledge to come together to  combat climate change, and in withdrawing, the United States was  initially one of only three countries that would not be in the  agreement. The other two countries that weren't in the agreement were  Syria and Nicaragua. Well, now Syria and Nicaragua have signed the  accord, so the United States is now the only country not to sign the  accord.   Our decision to leave this agreement sent the wrong message to the  rest of the world--the wrong message. The lack of leadership has led to  other countries discussing backing out of the agreement. That is not  leadership. That is not leading from the front. We can't have this  happen. America should be leading and helping the world move forward.   By the way, there is such an innovation space here, so much money to  be made by responding to this in a smart way and developing new  vehicles and developing new energy and new ways to deal with this  challenge. It isn't just a challenge; it is also an opportunity. If we  don't seize that opportunity by getting our own act together, by  admitting that it is a problem and giving incentives to our businesses  to go in the right direction and to bring other countries with us, we  are going to lose that opportunity to other countries that are part of  this international coalition.   I have already talked to people who work in government or who work  for businesses that have gone to international meetings and who have  said: Do you know what some of these people in other countries say? I  think we are going to work with China on this. They are part of that  agreement. Hey, we are going to buy our solar panels from them, or we  are going to do work with them on this.   You can't hide from the fact that we withdrew from that agreement,  and it hurts not just our environment, it hurts our economic  opportunities going forward.   Look at Minnesota and what has happened because we were out front on  this. I am proud that our State has taken an incredibly proactive and  innovative approach to energy use and sustainability, which is critical  to addressing carbon emissions. Our State's renewable energy standard  requires that 25 percent of our electricity come from renewable sources  by 2025. We passed that way back in 2007 with--get this--a Republican  Governor, Governor Pawlenty. He helped lead the way on that and worked  with the legislature of Democrats and Republicans to pass what was at  the time seen as a very aggressive standard. We did it by combining it  with doing something about biofuels--something that is important not  just in Minnesota but in the Presiding Officer's State of North Dakota.   We were able to put together that kind of coalition--the leaders in  our legislature and the Governor, farmers and workers,  environmentalists--to move forward on biofuels so we would have  diversity in our fuel supply as well as diversity in our energy supply.  So we don't rely on just one type of energy, and we reduce greenhouse  gases by having an ``all of the above'' energy approach.   The legislation back then in 2007 received overwhelming bipartisan  support, passing the Minnesota House 123 to 10 and the Minnesota Senate  63 to 3. It has been a while since we have reached that kind of  consensus on the Federal level when it comes to energy.   What has happened? We have more than met those goals. What has  happened nationally? Well, there was progress made during the Obama  administration. When I first got here in 2007, I personally thought  that we should move to some kind of a renewable electricity standard  for the whole country, maybe making differences by geographic areas and  regions. Sadly, the decision was not made to go that way. I think we  lost it by one vote. We lost it by one vote. Instead, the decision was  made on one side that we wanted to be more aggressive--and we tried  with cap and trade, but that didn't end up getting passed in the  Senate--and then on the other side, to kind of say: Well, let's just  see what happens. As a result, in my mind, we have not done nearly  enough.   What has happened instead? Well, the States, our laboratories of  democracy, have moved ahead--many of them, like Minnesota--and are  coming up with their own standards or doing it by region. Our  universities have moved ahead, our cities have moved ahead, and our  businesses have moved ahead. By 2015, 154 companies, including  companies I am very proud of--major companies in my State, such as  Target, Best Buy, General Mills, and Cargill--had signed a pledge  demonstrating their support for action on climate change that takes a  strong step toward a low-carbon, sustainable future. These companies  collectively employ more than 9 million people and represent more than  $3 trillion in annual revenue.   Last month at the Alliance to Save Energy gala, I got to present an  Energy Efficiency Award to Target because of the work they have done  with sustainability and righting the impacts of climate change. They  have created an electric car program that is up and running in 5  States, and they plan to expand that number to 20 in the next 2 years.  They signed a virtual power purchase agreement with the Stephens Ranch  wind farm in Texas as part of their goal of sourcing 100 percent  renewable energy in their U.S. operations. Like so many companies in  the United States, they have started a major solar program and are  committed to establishing rooftop solar panels on 500 of their stores  by 2020. As of last year, they had already finished 436 of their  projects.   They are not alone. Xcel Energy, Minnesota's largest utility, was an  early supporter of the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan.   If we had allowed that to go through and had that in place, imagine  what a better position we would be in when we read headlines like those  from this morning about the U.N.'s report and the dire predictions of  what we are going to see in 20 years. But, no, we are in what I  consider a state of paralysis. Maybe we are not making things worse,  although when we took away those gas mileage standards--when the  administration went back on that--we made them worse. We sure aren't  making them better. Thanks to cities and  [[Page S6708]]  States, we are making progress, but we should be doing this together as  a nation.   Xcel Energy is another example of a company that appears to be ahead  of the Federal Government. They supported the Obama administration's  Clean Power Plan and announced plans to reduce carbon emissions by 60  percent in the next 15 years.   I look at it this way: If companies like Target and Xcel Energy  understand the need to reduce our use of fossil fuels and embrace the  energy of the future, then so should Members of Congress, and so should  this administration.   We know that energy innovation can't take root--not in any serious  way--without certainty and stability on what those incentives are. That  is what that Clean Power Plan was about. It took what I considered a  more moderate route than some people thought it was going to take, but  then it got pulled back by this administration. It is very hard to  start planning for the future if we don't have a route for these  companies to go. The rest of the world is getting on board. We don't  want to be following; we want to be leading in America.    As this week's report made clear, inaction is not an option for our  economy, for our environment, for our country, or for the world.  Military and security experts have repeatedly reminded us that climate  change is a threat to our national security, increasing risks of  conflict, humanitarian crisis, and damage to critical infrastructure.   We see the stories of some of the refugees who are not coming up from  conflict but are coming up from parts of Africa where they used to do  subsistence farming but can no longer do that kind of subsistence  farming because it is too dry, there are too many droughts, and the  world has changed. We are going to see these humongous movements of  people because they can't live where they used to live.   It is much better for us if we take this on as a world and do  something about it than deal with the repercussions of it--more severe  weather, heat waves that could reduce our water supply, extreme  rainfall that could damage critical infrastructure, and a decrease in  agricultural productivity that could threaten my State's $20 billion  agricultural industry. People around the country understand the stakes,  but this place--I think it needs just a little more imagination.   If you ever visit my office, I have a picture on the wall, and it is  a picture of an angel, and she is handing off the world to some  outstretched hands. The words on the picture read: ``The angel  shrugged, and she said, `If we fail this time, it will be a failure of  imagination.' '' That is what we need right now in Washington, DC-- imagination to deal with a very clear threat that the scientists have  put right in front of us. Twenty years from now, it is going to be  worse than those wildfires we see raging in California and Colorado.  Twenty years from now, it is going to be worse than what we are seeing  when it comes to the hurricanes and the tsunamis and all of the  icebergs melting and what we are seeing in our national parks. Why  would we just let this happen? We are America. We are leaders. It is  time to act.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   