 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have been consistently voting against  cloture motions to proceed to debate on judicial nominations because  the process by which we are considering these nominations has been  deeply broken.   I will again, today, be voting no on cloture even though the nominee  we are voting on to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Ninth Circuit is Mark Bennett from Hawaii. I support Mark Bennett's  nomination, and I spoke on his behalf during the Senate Judiciary  Committee hearing. When debate time ends, I will vote for his  confirmation.   Mark is recognized as being one of the best qualified lawyers in the  State of Hawaii. He has served as a Federal prosecutor, our State's  attorney general, and in private practice. He has experience in trial  and appellate work, on civil and criminal matters, at the State and  Federal levels. He understands legislating and has served in the  executive branch. He has received high ratings from the American Bar  Association and from the Hawaii State Bar Association. He is well  respected and has been honored multiple times by his colleagues.   I have every confidence that Mark will put his skills and experience  to good use on the bench as a fair and impartial judge who is beholden  to nothing but the law and the Constitution. However, as has been my  practice since the beginning of this Congress and session, I will vote  no on cloture on Mark's nomination. I will vote this way to call  attention to my disagreement and deep concern over how the Senate  Judiciary Committee is conducting its judicial nomination hearings.   The Senate has a constitutional obligation to provide advice and  consent on judicial nominees, and I take this obligation very  seriously. The American people depend on the Senate to fully consider  and vet each judicial nominee. Throughout the course of their lifetime  appointments, these judges will issue rulings and opinions that will  touch each of our lives. The process of nominating, considering, and  confirming judges should be a deliberate one. Its purpose should not be  to confirm as many judges as quickly as possible. Senators should be  able to provide input on who should sit on the Federal bench. Senators  should have adequate opportunity to hear from third-party experts about  the records and qualifications of each nominee, and Senators should  have enough time to question and examine a nominee during the  confirmation hearing. Yet, over the past year and a half, we have seen  a breakdown in the way this process should work.   The President has, essentially, outsourced the judicial selection  process to two organizations that have strong, ideologically driven  agendas--the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation. These  nominees have been chosen without the consent of their home State  Senators, as has been the practice through what is known as the blue- slip process. By ignoring the traditional blue-slip process, the  President and his allies in Congress have been rendering the Senate's  constitutional obligation to provide advice and consent increasingly  meaningless.   The White House and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee have also  undermined the independent processes through which the American Bar  Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary evaluates  whether a nominee is qualified for the job. Ignoring this traditional  process has resulted in the nominations and confirmations of a number  of deeply unqualified judges. Some of these nominees have been unable  to answer basic questions about judicial procedure or the law during  their confirmation hearings. Others lack the kind of experiences one  would want in those who will have lifetime appointments to the Federal  courts.   Under this administration, we have also seen the rushed  considerations of many nominees for the Federal circuit courts. Judges  who serve on our circuit courts are only one step away from the Supreme  Court and deserve to be scrutinized closely in the Judiciary Committee.  Over the last year and a half, however, the Judiciary Committee has  overridden the objections of the minority to hold an unprecedented six  nomination hearings with more than one circuit judge nominee being  considered simultaneously on one panel. This means that members of the  Judiciary Committee have only 5 minutes in total to ask questions of  not just one but two circuit court nominees, including the time it  takes for them to answer our questions. This is scarcely enough time to  vet these nominees, many of whom are highly controversial and deserve  maximum scrutiny. The American people deserve much more as we consider  lifetime appointments to the Federal bench.  [[Page S4836]]    Until we return to a normal process through which we consider  lifetime appointments to the Federal bench, I will continue to oppose  cloture on each judicial nomination by this President and encourage my  colleagues to join me in this effort.   I yield the floor.   