 Madam President, I thank the majority and minority  leaders for bringing this bill to the floor for consideration as  quickly as they have done. I appreciate all the Agriculture Committee  members on both sides of the aisle for working together to write this  important legislation. Most importantly, many thanks to my friend and  my partner, Chairman Pat Roberts, for his work and his leadership and  his commitment to our farmers and growers throughout this process. It  is a great pleasure to work with him.   From the very beginning of this process, Chairman Roberts and I made  a commitment that we would deliver a strong bipartisan farm bill.  Despite the long road we faced, we stayed true to our word. I am proud  to say that we wrote a bill that will provide certainty, as the  chairman talked about, to our farmers, our families, and rural  communities.   We stayed focused on strengthening our Nation's diverse agricultural  economy and the 16 million jobs it supports. This is a jobs bill for  America. A lot of those jobs are in my home State of Michigan, where  our food and agricultural economy supports one out of four jobs in  Michigan.   People look at us as an auto State, which we proudly are, an auto  manufacturing State. We make things, but we make things and we grow  things. I don't think you can have an economy or a middle class unless  somebody makes things and grows things. That is what we do. This bill  is critical to both of those things. The farm bill helps us make things  and grow things, and it is critical to our Michigan economy and to the  economy of the country.   Even though agriculture supports the livelihood of so many families,  the rest of us may take for granted the work they do and how much we  depend on them to be successful. After all, we all have to eat, and the  food on our plates comes from a farm or a ranch. Farms like Everbest  Organics in Munger, MI, grow the black beans you may find in your  burrito. Dietrich Orchards in Conklin produces the apple slices your  kids might eat as a snack.   The men and women who own and operate so many farms in Michigan and  across this country are the reason our grocery shelves are stocked with  the safest, most affordable food in the world. The food we eat depends  on the hard work they put in day in and day out. They do this work  knowing the great risks they face. For a farmer, a year of work can be  lost in a single day. I saw an example of that in the Upper Peninsula  of Michigan just yesterday, where severe flooding and mudslides have  caused unimaginable losses in Houghton, MI, and Hancock and the  surrounding small towns. A number of farms in Menominee County  experienced heavy damage. The loss of hay alone will hurt dairy and  cattle operations for weeks and months to come.   On top of the uncertainty farmers face from Mother Nature, they also  contend with unpredictable markets and certainly unpredictable  situations today in terms of Federal policy. The farm economy is  struggling right now with low prices. Many farm families are struggling  to make ends meet. Uncertainty about international trade is definitely  not helping.   When times are tough, the farm bill provides a strong safety net to  protect our farmers and ranchers. We took  [[Page S4383]]  steps to strengthen the risk-management tools and crop insurance to  help producers of all types protect their businesses from unexpected  losses. We create that risk-management safety net for all types of  farms, large and small.   We also made a number of important changes for our dairy farmers. The  dairy support in the last farm bill, unfortunately, did not work as  expected, leaving many family dairy farms without a reliable safety  net. In addition to the $1.1 billion we secured in the Bipartisan  Budget Act, we replaced the Margin Protection Program with new,  affordable coverage for dairy farmers when the market dips.   Thanks to the support and the leadership of Senator Gillibrand,  Senator Baldwin, and Senator Klobuchar, we also refund premiums for  dairy farmers who did not see returns under the old safety net.   From commodities and dairy to specialty crops and urban farming, the  strength of American agriculture is rooted in the diversity of what we  grow and how we grow it. This is certainly true in Michigan, where we  grow more crops than every other State but one--that little State  called California. We are working on that one.   Our farm bill continues to support the wide variety of farms all  across America, big and small, urban and rural. We invest in the bright  future of agriculture by helping new and beginning farmers, including  young people and returning veterans. We expand agricultural market  opportunities so our farmers can make a living. Historic investments in  organic farming help producers tap into one of the fastest growing  sectors of agriculture.   New and permanent investments in international trade promotion will  help our farmers sell their production abroad. Streamlined, permanent  support for farmers markets, food hubs, and local food processing will  help our farmers sell to their neighbors.    Just as the farm bill provides a safety net for farmers, it also  provides a safety net for our families. We know nutrition assistance  provides a critical lifeline for families who are struggling to make  ends meet. The good news is, according to the Congressional Budget  Office, nutrition programs are saving over $80 billion more than  expected because the economy is getting better and fewer people need  temporary help. So we focused on strengthening nutrition assistance the  right way--by working on a bipartisan basis.   We improved the integrity of SNAP and created new job-training  opportunities and public-private partnerships, while preserving  critical food access for American families. We also worked to improve  access to healthy foods through SNAP by bolstering fruit and vegetable  incentives--what we call in Michigan Double Up Bucks--and reducing  paperwork for senior citizens on fixed incomes.   The farm bill also plays an important role in improving the quality  of life in every single small town and rural community, like where I  grew up in Clare and where I was this weekend up in the Upper  Peninsula.   Access to high-speed internet is one of the top concerns we hear  about in rural America. In 2018, having internet access is not a  luxury, it is a necessity. High school students need to do their  homework and be able to apply for college. Hospitals and health centers  need it to connect patients with specialists and use telemedicine and  reach those in their homes. Farmers and small business owners count on  it to steer their tractors and sell their products and communicate with  customers. The farm bill includes new opportunities that will connect  communities that need it most.   We are also continuing to create jobs. The strong investments in  rural small businesses promote entrepreneurship. Support for renewable  energy helps farmers and businesses be more efficient, while also  adding installation jobs in rural communities.   Biobased manufacturing creates rural and urban jobs--taking crops  like corn and soybeans and turning them into products we use every day,  from laundry detergent, to seats in automobiles--yes, you may be  sitting on soybeans in your car--to biofuels.   All of these things create opportunities for young people to stay in  their hometowns and raise their families. We want children to feel they  can stay at home in their small town and have the quality of life they  want for themselves and their families and have the opportunity to  raise their children there.   Despite facing a tough budget, the farm bill continues to be one of  the largest investments in the conservation of our land, water, and  Great Lakes, which is so important to us in Michigan. Contrary to the  House bill, we made no cuts to the conservation title, which helps our  farmers be more productive and more profitable. In fact, by focusing on  successful conservation partnerships, we will actually grow funding by  leveraging an additional $1 billion in private investments.   Clean water and healthy wildlife habitat are not only good for our  farmers and our environment, they also support hunting, fishing, and  outdoor recreation. Again, that is where I grew up. We were outdoors  all the time hunting, fishing, enjoying the outdoors. The great news is  that this accounts for over 7 million jobs.   There is no doubt that this farm bill is a jobs bill, and, as the  chairman said, it is a national security bill. It is a conservation  bill. It is a food security bill. It is also a bipartisan bill, with  the strong support of the members of the Agriculture, Nutrition, and  Forestry Committee.   I am proud to be here with my friend and colleague, the leader of our  committee, Chairman Roberts, and I urge our colleagues to join us in  swiftly passing this bill.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I just want to take a moment to thank my  friend from North Dakota for his leadership and the valuable input and  hard work that he provides to the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry  Committee. We have worked together now on two farm bills and now have  worked on the ARC Program and on conservation, trade, and research, but  also on the important Tribal provisions that I think are going to have  a very positive impact. So I just want to thank Senator Hoeven for all  of his hard work.    I am happy to.    Mr. President, I just want to take a moment before the  senior Senator from South Dakota leaves the floor to thank him for his  leadership on so many provisions of this bill. I think the soil health  provisions are really important, the changes in ARC, and I am really  glad we were able to work together to address many of the issues the  Senator from South Dakota raised on the Conservation Reserve Program. I  very much appreciate all of his hard work in getting us to a place  where we have a good bill.   I know the Senator from South Dakota has other thoughts as well. We  will continue to work together to continue to improve it, but I very  much appreciate all of the Senator's hard work.    Mr. President, I am pleased that we are moving forward  and looking forward to the first amendment we will be voting on,  Senator Thune's amendment, of which I am very supportive. I am looking  forward to working with my colleagues as we move through the bill.  Hopefully, we are on the road to getting this done this week.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Ward  Griffin and Jason Sherman, a detailee and fellow with the minority  staff on the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, be granted  floor privileges throughout the duration of this Congress.   