 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as a member of the Defense Appropriations  Subcommittee, let me begin my remarks by thanking Chairman Shelby and  Ranking Member Durbin, as well as Vice Chairman Leahy, for their  leadership on the committee and their advocacy for the men and women  who defend our Nation.   At a time when the threats to our Nation are increasing rather than  decreasing, the work of the Defense Subcommittee is vitally important  to ensure that our men and women in uniform, as well as our DOD  civilian employees, have the training, ships,  [[Page S5751]]  planes, vehicles, and other equipment they need to defend our country.   The bipartisan bill reported out of the committee reaffirms the  strategic importance of our Navy and our shipbuilding programs by  including funding for three Arleigh Burke-class destroyers in fiscal  year 2019, while also including $250 million in advance procurement  funding for an additional destroyer in fiscal year 2020. This funding  signals our strong belief that the Navy should sustain an aggressive  rate of growth for large surface combatants in fiscal year 2020 and  beyond in order to project strength in an increasingly dangerous and  complex world.   In recognition of national security imperatives, the Navy's own 2016  fleet structure assessment increased the target number for large  surface combatants to 104 ships from the 88 ships called for under the  previous 308-ship Navy requirement. Maintaining a steady and  predictable production profile for large ships will not only protect  the help of our shipbuilding industrial base but also ensure that the  Navy maintains an adequate number of these ships into the future.   In Maine, we are very proud of the vital role Bath Iron Works plays  in contributing to our national security by building and maintaining  ships for the fleet. BIW is known throughout the fleet for the high  quality of its ships that are built there, with many Sailors using the  motto ``Bath built is best built.'' BIW employs the finest  shipbuilders, engineers, and designers in the world. This bill rightly  recognizes the great value that these tried and tested warships bring  to the Navy.    I am also proud of the continued investment this bill makes at our  Nation's public shipyards. The additional $350 million provided for  facility sustainment, research, restoration, and modernization, as well  as the $176 million for shipyard investment acceleration, will help the  Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, ME, and other public shipyards  keep our Nation's submarines at sea for years to come.   This bill also makes critical investments in research and development  programs that are being carried out in partnership with research  institutions such as the University of Maine. These programs include  producing jet fuel from Maine's forest biomass, using structural  thermoplastics for Army ground vehicles, conducting cellulose  nanocomposite research for the Army, developing hybrid composite  structures for the Navy, and participating in the Navy's advanced hull  form development initiative, among many other essential research and  development projects.   Our legislation invests in cutting edge, fifth generation aircraft by  funding 89 F-35 aircraft. These state-of-the-art planes are truly the  future of aviation, and I am proud of Pratt & Whitney's contributions  to this program through its construction of the F135 engine at its  facility in North Berwick, ME.   Additionally, our legislation procures eight heavy-lift helicopters  for the Marine Corps. The rotating drive shafts are a critical  component of this aircraft and are produced at Hunting Dearborn's  facility in Fryeburg, ME.   The National Guard, as the Presiding Officer is well aware, provides  our country with both a strategic and operational reserve which has  proven itself time and again.   I applaud the bill's inclusion of providing $900 million to the  National Guard and Reserve equipment account to modernize our Reserve  Forces and ensure their full interoperability with the Active-Duty  Force.   Finally, the committee report ensures that Congress has sufficient  oversight over any efforts to close or realign facilities of the  Defense Finance and Accounting Service. DFAS, as it is called,  maintains a highly efficient facility in Limestone, ME. It is  responsible for payments to our servicemembers, DOD employees, vendors,  and contractors. Given this critical responsibility, I applaud the work  done by the hundreds of hard-working employees at Limestone, and I  welcome their continued support of our Armed Forces.   I am very pleased that we are proceeding the Defense appropriations  bill, as well as the Labor-HHS appropriations legislation. I look  forward to working with my colleagues to pass both bills in one package  this week.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my defense  fellow, John-Paul Mantone, be granted floor privileges for the length  of the current debate on the appropriations bills that are before us.   