 Mr. Speaker, this resolution is simply a divisive  political stunt meant to stir up conservative voters ahead of the  midterm elections and seeks to stoke the worst kinds of sentiments in  the body politic.   The resolution states that it is ``of paramount importance that the  United States maintains the legitimacy of its elections and protects  them from interference, including interference from foreign threats.''  Yet the resolution does not even mention the greatest ``foreign  threat'' we face--Russian interference intended to disrupt our  elections and sow chaos in our political system. The GOP hypocrisy is  breathtaking. The Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and  others have worked all year to undermine and discredit the Mueller  investigation into the Russian interference with our 2016 election.  Furthermore, House Republicans have voted to block needed funding to  help states better secure their election systems from the ongoing  Russian efforts to interfere in the 2018 election--ongoing efforts that  have been confirmed by senior Administration officials. In short, this  resolution ignores the real threats our elections are facing, and  instead plays political games.   The resolution also states that ``voting is fundamental to a  functioning democracy,'' yet it fails to address any of the real  threats to voting rights faced by U.S. citizens. After the conservative  members of the Supreme Court effectively gutted the Voting Rights Act's  pre-clearance requirement in Shelby County v. Holder, many states have  sought to enact voting restrictions that target African Americans and  other minority groups. This resolution says and does nothing about  those actions.   The resolution shows that Republican support for States' rights is  trumped by anti-immigrant sentiment. An earlier version of the  resolution obtained by Breitbart correctly stated that ``the  Constitution allows States and localities to grant non-citizens the  right to vote in non-Federal elections.'' This clause is no longer in  the resolution, perhaps because Republicans understood how hypocritical  it made them look, especially because the resolution is focused on  condemning state and local ordinances regarding voting in non-federal  elections.   Putting this resolution on the floor is nothing but a political  stunt, a game designed only for political advertising for the mid-term  elections forty-three days from today.   I refuse to play that cynical game with Republicans and will cast my  vote as ``present'' in recognition of the fraudulent nature of these  proceedings.   