 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I am thankful for the opportunity to express  my strong opposition to the amendment.   It is deeply unfair to the United States Territories and contrary to  the original intent of the Federal law in question: the Animal Welfare  Act amendment, under which States have always been defined to include  the territories.   First, the characterization of this amendment is closing a loophole  and bringing the territories in with the States is highly misleading.  The Animal Welfare Act adequately addresses interstate and foreign  commerce of fowl for gaming purposes. The intent of  [[Page H4222]]  the Federal law in this area has always been to aid States and other  local law enforcement in jurisdictions where gamefowl events are  illegal, and to prohibit the transport of animals from areas where they  are, in fact, allowed.   The reason that there is a ban in all 50 States is not because of  Federal law, but because of States' laws, and those States have banned  them in their States. So for the Federal Government to impose that on  the territories at this time, I believe, is deeply unfair. This is a  highly regulated, cultural, and historic activity in the territories.   Let's not forget that the real author of this bill is The Humane  Society which--when the Federal Government gets into this--becomes a  slippery slope, as The Humane Society also wants to ban sporting  activities or hunting activities in which animals hunt another animal.  Is the gentleman from Illinois going to then offer an amendment to stop  dogs who assist humans in looking for ducks and in other places? No.   But all of the territories' Delegates are against this amendment. And  for someone from another State to offer an amendment to restrict  something in the U.S. territories is deeply unfair.   At the last hearing of the committee in which this issue was  addressed, which was nine sessions ago, The Humane Society also  testified that legislation at State level should be the proper fora to  ultimately decide whether fowl gaming is permitted within those State's  borders. And, again, States also meaning territories.   I agree, and so should this body. If only they were true to their  word--and the gentleman from Illinois agreed with them--and the well- documented legislative history, we wouldn't be here. And hopefully, we  would be talking about much more important matters--matters related to  the farm bill, such as SNAP, such as school lunches, such as subsidies  to our farmers.   Those are the things that should be in this farm bill, not this  legislation. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time do I have remaining.    Mr. Chair, I would hope that in the future, Congressman  Roskam, the gentleman from Illinois, as well as Mr. Blumenauer would  consider that no law should be different for the States and the  territories, to allow the territories' people to be treated the same as  the States.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms.  Bordallo).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time to close as  the member of the committee.    Mr. Chair, once again, you have heard the opposition to  this at this time.   The characterization that it is closing a loophole, as I said, is  misleading. I think it is important to understand what is going to  happen if this is, in fact, made law, that this will drive this  underground, and it will criminalize what has happened. Many  individuals will become criminals at engaging in this activity.   If individuals are truly concerned with the territories, I would ask  them to cosponsor legislation that helps people in the Virgin Islands  and allows them to be treated fairly and not to be cruel to us with the  cap on Medicaid.   I would ask that they would cosponsor much of the legislation that  many of the delegates have offered up to support the people who live in  the Virgin Islands as well.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   