 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on my  Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, I am happy to stand here with my colleagues  to honor our friend and our great colleague, Representative Ileana Ros- Lehtinen, who will be retiring at the end of the 115th Congress after  more than 35 years in public service.   I know I speak for everyone on both sides of the aisle when I say  that we will sincerely miss Ileana's bright smile, strong leadership,  and fierce advocacy for her constituents.   Today, we look back on her service with gratitude. We recognize her  commitment to human rights, providing equal opportunity to all,  supporting public education and especially our Nation's veterans. We  recall our memories of her great sense of humor and wish her a fond  farewell as she begins her next journey in life.   Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen broke through barriers, becoming  the first Hispanic woman to serve in the Florida statehouse and senate,  later rising to become the first woman to chair the House Committee on  Foreign Affairs. Her record of service is beyond reproach.   At the age of 8, Ileana's family fled the oppressive communist regime  of Fidel Castro in Cuba. This life-changing experience has guided her  journey in public service and led her to remain committed to protecting  human rights.   Although I haven't had the opportunity to serve as long as other  Members alongside Ileana, the time I have spent serving with her has  been inspirational and an incredible honor.   One of my great memories with Ileana was a congressional delegation  where we traveled to South Korea, Taiwan, and India to study the issues  impacting the region and our Nation's relationship with our important  allies in Asia. Together, we met with U.S. servicemen and -women near  the demilitarized zone in South Korea. Then, later on, we were received  by His Holiness the Dalai Lama in the Tibetan community in exile in  Dharamshala, India.   During our trip, Ileana shared with me her experience in Cuba and her  family's struggle and journey to the United States. Although the  struggle facing the Tibetan people is different than the suffering the  Cubans faced under the Castro regime, Ileana has applied her experience  and firsthand knowledge on human rights issues, including Tibetan  autonomy and Taiwanese independence, which were highlighted on our  trip.   While on the visit, Ileana was presented with a sash for the Order of  the Propitious Clouds, with a special grand cordon for her significant  contributions to strengthening U.S.-Taiwan relations.   I thought it would be fun to share a cute story about Ileana. As we  were getting ready to give her this great award as the Propitious  Cloud, the Taiwanese Government officials were placing her sash that  she received on her. As they were adjusting it and putting it on her,  she was so funny. She said: ``I haven't been through this since I was  Miss America,'' which I thought was really cute.   She worked as a teacher and a principal in the Miami-Dade County  schools. She saw firsthand stories of financial hardship, which  eventually inspired her to run for office.   Throughout her time in Congress, she passed legislation that helped  thousands of teenagers go to college, and she fought for LGBTQ rights.  Ileana has a servant's heart and was a champion of issues that were of  importance to her and the people of Florida.   Although Representative Ros-Lehtinen may be retiring from her post in  this Chamber, we know that she will continue to look for ways to serve  the State and country she so dearly loves.   Today, we join with her team and her family in recognizing her many  years of service. We all wish Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen, her husband,  four children, and five beautiful grandchildren all the best in the  next chapter.   For me personally, it was a deep honor to work with someone so  committed to the greater good. The State of Florida, the United States,  and countries throughout the world facing oppression are a better place  because of Ileana's fierce advocacy and commitment to our most  vulnerable.   I am joined today by some of my colleagues, although we changed our  time. We will be getting to people as soon as we can. A number of  colleagues wanted to be here, and, hopefully, they will catch up with  us, those people who worked with Ileana over the years and even had  more time with her.   I see in the Chamber we now have Congressman Charlie Crist, who will  be getting up and saying a few nice things about Ms. Ileana and may be  reflecting on his probably extensive experience serving side by side  with her as a Representative in Florida.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Charlie  Crist, my colleague.   We are going to stand side by side for this one. Ileana would love  it.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much for his  comments. I appreciate it.   I am a new Member, and the Congressman from Florida (Mr. Crist) is  also a new Member, but we have been touched by Ileana. And part of the  way I got to know her was through 1-minute speeches, which you all see  us do on the floor of the House. We sit down in the front row. She is  kind of the queen of 1 minutes. She gets to have position A on our  side, and no one dares to sit in Ileana's seat, although she is the  most loving, kind person you could ever meet. That is how I got to know  her.   She got me so excited and inspired about coming to Asia and joining  with her and kind of taking on her love and her portfolio on human  rights, particularly helping the people in Taiwan, and especially  fighting for the Tibetan Government in exile in Dharamshala, India,  with the Dalai Lama.   It was such an honor for me to actually go to Dharamshala with Ms.  Ros-Lehtinen and to be able to meet the Dalai Lama and sit there with  him for an hour as he entertained us. He was really charming and just  an incredible inspiration not only to the Tibetan people, but also to  the world.   And we are now joined by our terrific colleague, the boy Congressman,  our great freshman Representative from Florida's First District, Matt  Gaetz. We are honored to have him.   I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Gaetz).    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Gaetz for his absolutely perfect  description of Ileana as a champion of human rights and the most  vulnerable.   I would just like to mention her husband, Dexter. I haven't had the  honor to meet him, but we talked about him quite a bit. Obviously,  traveling to Asia, we had a lot of long flights, and it is really such  an honor for me as a freshman Member--and you heard from me and  Congressman Gaetz, Congressman Crist, two freshmen Members, and now  three who are just so inspired by Ms. Ros-Lehtinen.   Now I am so honored to also invite one of our great women leaders in  the U.S. Congress, Mrs. Barbara Comstock, Congresswoman Barbara  Comstock, to say a few words about Ileana. She has had a little more  time to serve, but we are so honored to have our great Representative  from Virginia.   I yield to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. Comstock).    Mr. Speaker, we really appreciate Ms. Comstock's kind  words.   And now Barbara is my mentor, as well as one of the early women  Republicans who has been an inspiration and a hard worker and really  instrumental in coming up with great legislation and really leading our  communities.   One of the great honors, I got to be with Ileana, actually, in, as I  said, the Tibetan Government in exile.   I know we have a couple of Members we are waiting to come in. We had  to change our time, but we have another Member. Before we get to him, I  just want to say a couple of things.   I got to travel to the amazing Tibetan Government in exile, and,  obviously, to meet the Dalai Lama in Dharamshala, India, and was  greeted by amazing students. It was just a life-changing experience,  and to be able to go there with Ms. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, our wonderful  Congresswoman.   We were able to get these scarves. I am going to wear this in honor  of Ileana. It is called the khata, and it is a Tibetan Buddhist scarf.  When you are handed this scarf, the words are ``tashi deley,'' which  the children in Tibet and everyone greets you with when you go there.  It is such an amazing experience. I want to wear this scarf in honor of  Ileana.   And, also, I might add, it is very long, and Ileana is not as tall as  I am, so we had to fold her scarf up a couple of times so she wouldn't  drag it on the floor.   But it was such a beautiful memory to be able to receive this scarf  and to know how important her advocacy has been on behalf of the  Tibetan people, who have been suffering under an oppressive regime in  Beijing that has really bullied this amazing community and left them in  exile in India, and her fight to bring the Tibetan people back to their  home country some day.   We are going to continue on that front, and I hope to carry on the  tradition and carry on the fight, as Ileana has, with compassion and  with courage and the inspiration that we received from so many.   Now it is my great honor to yield to my colleague from California  (Mr. LaMalfa) to say a few words about our great leader, Ileana Ros- Lehtinen.    Mr. Speaker, it is a beautiful tribute to a wonderful  woman who has inspired us all. So much of what Mr. LaMalfa said about  her sense of humor.    I always think of the great leaders that you meet. You think of some  towering figure, but Ileana was a towering figure in her very small  body, and I think of a few things about her:   Her courage and her tenacity and her willingness to be truthful and  to fight the fight. And also a couple of things that I learned from my  father that I find that, when I find people with these rare qualities,  like Ileana, her unwillingness to succumb to victimhood.   She is a fighter. She has never felt sorry for herself. She is always  fighting the good fight for other people who are less fortunate than  she is. She probably doesn't even recognize that is one of her great,  inspiring qualities that I saw in her.   And, also, her willingness to not hold a grudge and to be bipartisan  and to reach across the aisle and to work with other Members without  sacrificing her values and her integrity.   This may be the first Special Order that we are going to hear on the  great Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, but I am not sure it is going  to be the last. We still have, luckily, hopefully, a few more months,  or several more months of her right to the end of the year, and we will  be able to continue to honor this really amazing person who has graced  this institution with leadership, with tenacity, with courage, with  passion and compassion for those who are less fortunate.   I know that she is going to continue in her private life, outside of  politics, on the same mission that she is on because that is who she  is. She is going to fight the fight every day. She is going to stand up  for the most needy and the most vulnerable in our communities.   And just on a personal note, I am so grateful for this position and  the privilege of serving New York's 22nd District, that I had the honor  of being able to be in the presence of greatness, to be with Ms. Ros- Lehtinen and her amazing inspiration. And I just want to say thank you  so much to her and to her family and to Dexter, whom I hope I get to  meet some day; and to her children and grandchildren, who are so lucky  to be among someone and to be able to grow up with someone like Ileana;  and her constituents, who I am sure are grateful every day for the work  that she has done in this institution and to change it forever for the  better.   Mr. Speaker, I thank you so much for this tribute to Ms. Ros- Lehtinen, and I yield back the balance of my time.   