 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Conference  Report to Accompany H.R. 6157, the Defense and Labor, Health and Human  Services, Education Appropriations Act for FY2019.   I commend Ranking Members Nita Lowey, Rosa DeLauro, and Pete  Visclosky, as well as Chairmen Rodney Frelinghuysen and Tom Cole and  Chairwoman Kay Granger and our Senate counterparts for coming together  on this bill. And I would be remiss if I did not recognize the  outstanding efforts of both the majority and minority LHHS subcommittee  staff--Susan Ross, Jen Cama, Kathryn Salmon, Justin Gibbons, Lori Bias,  Stephen Steigleder, and Robin Juliano--for their dedication,  professionalism and responsiveness to staff on both sides of the aisle  throughout the entire appropriations process.   While I wish the bills had come to the floor separately under regular  order to give proper time to debate and discuss all the issues, I am  pleased that the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and  Related Agencies bill is getting a vote on the floor for the first time  in more than 10 years.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. It rejects the draconian cuts the  Trump administration proposed and strengthens our commitment to our  constituents by funding critical programs. It also ensures our national  defense remains strong in a dangerous world.   I am particularly pleased that HHS programs received such robust  funding in this Conference agreement.   The bill increases funding for three of my top legislative  priorities: fighting underage drinking, supporting newborn screening,  and reducing maternal mortality. At a time when this country is  experiencing the highest rates of sexually transmitted diseases in  history, this bill restores both the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program  and all Title X Family Planning dollars that help our teens gain  critical access to reproductive health care and education. And as this  country faces a growing demand for health care providers, the  conference report reinstates the Health Careers Opportunity Program to  increase workforce diversity and restores funding for the Community  Health Centers and the Nursing Workforce Programs to their FY18 funding  levels.   As Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee, I was  particularly pleased that the bill includes amendments from our markup  to protect unaccompanied migrant children, including allowing Members  of Congress to access facilities funded by the Office of Refugee  Resettlement for oversight visits. Finally, I am glad that we were able  to maintain funding to help separated children deal with trauma.   Among Education and Labor programs, I am glad the maximum Pell award  will get an increase, which I called for during our committee markup. I  am also pleased we were able to work together to provide modest  increases to Head Start and TRIO programs to serve students with the  highest needs. Finally, the bill provides modest increases in funding  for apprenticeships and maintains language that directs those funds to  proven registered apprenticeships.   In the Defense section bill, I am pleased that we maintained the 2.6  percent military pay raise and that we express support for a civilian  pay raise as well. The bill also ensures that families can receive  death gratuities during government shutdowns. Finally, I am grateful  that we were able to continue to show bipartisan support for assisting  survivors of military sexual assault.   Mr. Speaker, this bill funds vital programs and ensures that our  government will remain open through December. I am proud to vote in  support of the bill, and I encourage my colleagues to join me so that  we can safeguard the health and well-being of the most vulnerable in  our country and keep our nation secure.   