 Thank you. I was going to say ``Mr. Chairman,'' but I  guess at this point he is just Senator Crapo.   Mr. President, I want to take a moment and personally thank Senator  Crapo from Idaho for his incredible leadership. Frequently we are  asked: What is wrong in the U.S. Senate? Why can't you seem to get  anything done, even though there is common purpose; that is, to protect  the American public, defend the American public, and help the American  public be prosperous?   Frequently my response is that many times it is a lack of leadership.  It is a lack of willingness to sit down, listen, and prepare a product  that can get results. That hasn't been our problem with Senator Crapo.  He has been there personally every step along the way, not delegating  to staff but working with us one on one--sometimes, maybe, four on one.  He may feel a little bit ganged up on, but I think it was fair odds for  him, I might say. I also know that this would not be here without the  leadership of Senator Crapo and the Banking Committee, a committee that  historically has a reputation for being notoriously bipartisan. I want  to extend my great appreciation for his work and for his willingness to  listen and to work with all of us.   What are we celebrating today? We haven't quite gotten it over the  finish line, but certainly the vote we just had a couple of hours ago,  which was broad bipartisan support on a cloture vote, is not something  we see very often in this body. I think what we have to say is that  this bill is a piece of almost old-fashioned legislating. It is a prime  example of how Senators can work together to effectively achieve a  result and do it in a bipartisan way.   Despite the Washington gridlock of partisanship, a group of us on  Banking wrote and introduced this bipartisan bill through a good-faith  negotiation, which lasted literally years. I have been working on this  since coming to the U.S. Senate and being assigned to the Banking  Committee. In fact, I have been working on these reforms since 2013.   The bill didn't come together overnight. It was carefully crafted. It  was done not just with these regulators in discussion but also the  Obama-era regulators as well. We know that we have an opportunity to do  something that no one thought was possible--take a piece of legislation  that didn't come through in rule XIV, didn't come through in  reconciliation. It came through in the traditional way, through a  Banking Committee process where we sat--and I will again applaud the  Chairman. No amendment was told it was out of order. No amendment  wasn't given an opportunity to be heard or voted on. In fact, we sat  for 7 hours and voted on amendments and listened to debate on this  bill. Those people who think it came quickly are wrong. This did not  come quickly. It came over a long period of time, through extensive  discussions.   I want to talk about why I care so much about this bill. When I was  going around the State in 2012, talking to folks who had opinions about  the Federal Government, one of the things I frequently heard from my  small credit unions and my independent community bankers and my  bankers--in North Dakota, independent community bankers frequently tend  to be members of the North Dakota Bankers Association. They said one  thing to me that really resonated, and that was: How is it that Dodd- Frank, which was supposed to deal with the largest lenders in this  country, the largest institutions in this country--how is it that you  have this Dodd-Frank bill that was supposed to stop too big to fail,  and it has become too small to succeed? The compliance burdens are  overwhelming. The confusion that we have about this--we wonder why all  of this is on us when we weren't part of the problem. We are getting  punished for being a financial institution and for no good reason,  other than we are in a class that includes much bigger actors.   One of the things I would tell you is that this bill is critical to  rural America. When you look at the challenges that rural America  faces, access to capital has to be on top of the list. Plus, I  [[Page S1354]]  think all of those who have been to a Class B basketball tournament or  a Class B basketball game can look at the program, turn it over, and  what they will see is sponsorship from their local lending institution;  they will see a part of the community. Whether it is helping host  fundraisers, whether it is being involved in cancer drives, that Main  Street institution of the community bank is there every step of the  way. We are seeing more and more those institutions being challenged by  things such as overregulation.   I want to talk a little bit about my hometown bank, the first bank in  which I had a checking account and a savings account. It is a little  bit of a funny story. The statute of limitations has probably run, but  back in the day, in every small town, there was illegal gambling. I  know, people might be shocked.   My dad put my name in a raffle they were having. That night at the  stag party, I won the raffle. It was $30, which years ago was a lot of  money. The first thing my dad did was take me to Lincoln State Bank to  open a savings account. I put that $30 into a savings account. That  institution was there, and from there, we had our first checking  account. From there, I knew that my dad had a relationship with his  banker that would help him through some tough times when he needed a  little bit of extra cash and help him through times when he needed a  car loan.   When we lose those local lenders, when we lose the ability of those  local lenders to do business, that means the opportunity for  relationship banking is gone. What do I mean by that? I have told this  story many times in committee. You are the small town banker. A guy  comes in, and maybe he has a shoebox full of receipts. He doesn't have  a fancy cash flow statement. He doesn't have a fancy work plan. But you  know that this guy has never not paid a bill. He owes nobody any money.  That is part of his character--who he is. He never cheats anyone. He  fixes the plumbing. He fixes the furnace, and it stays fixed. He  doesn't ask for a lot in return, but maybe he needs a new piece of  equipment. Maybe he needs a new car. He goes to the local lender. That  may not pencil out. It may not be the best loan they are going to make,  but it is who they are, and it is what they contribute to that  institution.   They give that guy the loan, not based on any paperwork in that  shoebox. They give that guy the loan based on who they know he is.   Then, there is the other guy in the small town who comes in. He may  have a fancy cash flow statement, and he may have a wonderful statement  of net worth that he can present to the bank.   Yet one thing the banker knows about him is that there may be some  unpaid bills and that he may be the guy who takes out a loan but then  wants to negotiate 80 cents on the dollar.   In America, we have to bring back relationship lending. You can say:  Well, none of these regulations really apply to them. Why don't you  talk to these folks who are in the banking world and realize that they  have retracted from mortgage lending because they are fearful that they  will do something wrong and will not be able to afford the fines that  they may be assessed. They are fearful that they will not be able to  contribute and be part of the community effort because we have  overregulated the smallest institutions to the point at which they  wonder if their children, who could inherit their institutions, really  want to stay in business.   There will be a lot of discussion about this bill. There has been a  lot of discussion already. The one thing I want to say is that we stand  ready to defend any of these provisions.   Before I close and turn this over to the Senator from Georgia, I want  to just say that one of the things we need to be very careful of here  when we debate this bill is that we do not in any way misstate the  effects of this bill, because that misstatement will become part of the  public record. I am going to be very aggressive in making sure that we  push back against statements that I believe are false, statements that  characterize this bill in a way that was not intended and that, in  fact, is not part of the legislative language.    Yes.    The Senator from Idaho can borrow it at any time. I  have no pride of authorship, and there is no copyright on here. He may  pass it around.   