 I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague,  Congressman McKinley, for working with me on this amendment. Our  amendment increases funding for State grants to assess or clean up  brownfield sites by $7 million in fiscal year 2019.   Too many cities and towns across America with proud manufacturing  legacies are now struggling with vacant brownfield properties. In my  home State of Connecticut, the city of Meriden alone has at least $10  million worth of brownfield projects for which they have been unable to  secure funding--and that is just one city in one State. Every single  congressional district across this country is home to at least one  brownfield site. In fact, some have hundreds.   The benefits of funding brownfield cleanups are enormous. For every  $1 invested in brownfield redevelopment, 18 additional dollars are  leveraged in outside investment. That is one of the highest leveraging  of outside money of any Federal program.   Despite the clear, demonstrated value of Federal brownfield  investments, the EPA has been forced to turn down very worthy projects  due to lack of funding. In fact, the EPA has only been able to fund  about one-quarter to one-third of the applications it receives. Between  2012 and 2017, over 1,600 applications for viable projects were turned  down because of inadequate Federal funding.   The base bill before us today provides just $153 million for  brownfields in fiscal year 2019--the very same amount that was enacted  for 2018. For such an effective program that is in high demand all  across the country, maintaining status quo funding for brownfield  redevelopment is unwise and, frankly, unacceptable.   If the EPA had been able to fully fund the qualified brownfield  projects from 2012 to 2017, an additional 54,000 jobs would have been  created along with $10.3 billion in leveraged outside money.   Mr. Chairman, last November, 409 Members of this House voted to  increase funding levels for the EPA's brownfields programs to $200  million plus an additional $50 million for the State response program.  That is a total of $250 million authorized by this House as compared  with $153 million we have before us tonight.   Mr. Chairman, 409 Members heeded calls from their cities and towns,  mayors, county and regional officials and constituents who urgently  want to restore their downtowns and communities putting former  industrial sites back on to the tax rolls and creating jobs.   Dilapidated warehouses, abandoned factories, and former gas stations  littered across our cities and towns are untapped economic  opportunities just waiting to be redeveloped into productive uses like  startup incubators, affordable housing, tech centers, and public green  space.   Increased funding will return brownfields to productive uses,  generate additional tax revenue, clean up the environment, grow jobs,  and revitalize communities all across our country. Investing in our  civic infrastructure is essential to moving this country forward.   Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  West Virginia (Mr. McKinley).    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to  support this amendment. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from West  Virginia; and I want to thank the 409 Members who joined in urging  support for this program which has proven to be one of the most  effective in the Federal Government.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   