 Mr. President, I am proud to join my colleagues today in  recognizing the anniversary of a landmark Supreme Court decision, Whole  Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt.   Before I talk about that decision, I want to talk today about Justice  Anthony Kennedy's retirement. This is a pivotal moment in our country.  With Justice Kennedy's retirement announcement today, the stakes have  never been higher for making sure we choose a Supreme Court Justice  committed to the Constitution and to protecting the most fundamental  rights of Americans--the right to vote, the ability to organize, and a  woman's right to choose.   Whomever replaces Justice Kennedy will, no doubt, have a say on  issues that affect the lives of every American--issues such as the  healthcare system, our elections, and the health of our environment.   In February of 2016, some 9 months before the 2016 election, Majority  Leader Mitch McConnell issued a statement saying: ``The American people  should have a voice in the selection of our next Supreme Court  Justice.'' He kept his word. He didn't hold a hearing or a vote on  President Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, during that election year.   I believe Republicans should be held to the same standard they set  themselves. The Senate has a constitutional duty to provide advice and  consent. We are a little more than 4 months away from an election that  will decide the balance of the Senate. So let us let the American  people decide who provides that advice and consent, especially given  the close balance of the Senate as it stands today.   Back to the Whole Woman's Health decision, 2 years ago today, the  Court reaffirmed that women have a constitutional right to make their  own decisions about their reproductive health and family planning. The  Court found that this fundamental right could not be unduly burdened  with regulatory restrictions and requirements by the State or Federal  Government. This was just one in a long line of Supreme Court decisions  that affirm a woman's right to make personal, private decisions about  her healthcare and family planning.   Whole Woman's Health recognized that in order to protect women's  constitutional rights, it is not enough that abortion services are  theoretically available. They must also be practically accessible.   It is especially important to recognize the anniversary of this  important decision today because just yesterday the Supreme Court  issued another decision, one that, unfortunately, threatens to make it  harder for women to receive reliable and accurate information about the  full range of their reproductive healthcare options.   As a U.S. Senator but also as a woman who served as a volunteer for  Planned Parenthood and then as an executive for Planned Parenthood in  North Dakota and South Dakota, I know that the right to access safe and  reliable reproductive healthcare has a profound impact on women's  lives.   Women cannot have economic security if they do not have the freedom  to decide when and how to raise a family. This deeply personal decision  influences women's choices about whether to go to school, buy a home,  or start a new business. I trust women to make  [[Page S4494]]  these decisions for themselves and their families without the  government looking over their shoulders.   Whole Woman's Health struck down some of the most egregious burdens  on women's rights to access reproductive healthcare. But the fight to  protect women's rights to accessible, safe, and reliable reproductive  health is far from over. Despite this ruling, some States have  continued their attempts to undermine women's constitutional rights.   In fact, in the 2 years since Whole Woman's Health was decided,  States have proposed over 1,000 new restrictions on abortion, and 180  of those have become law. Many of these restrictions are aimed at  shutting down clinics or criminalizing providers. Make no mistake. This  is not about protecting women's health. This is about influencing  women's choices, and it is wrong.   I believe strongly that the government has no business interfering in  a woman's medical decisions. These decisions should be made by a woman,  her family, and her healthcare provider. I trust women to make these  decisions that are best for themselves and their own situations. This  is why I am proud to cosponsor the Women's Health Protection Act, which  would protect women's access to safe and legal healthcare services,  regardless of where they live.   The bill would prohibit States from imposing restrictions on abortion  services that do not promote women's health or safety. For example,  laws that target providers with unnecessary and burdensome building  codes or those that force women to undergo medically unnecessary  testing and procedures would be prohibited.   This bill would codify the standards set in Whole Woman's Health and  authorize the Department of Justice to protect women's constitutional  rights by going after these unconstitutional laws.   I stand with women, and I invite my colleagues to do the same by  cosponsoring the Women's Health Protection Act.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   