 Mr. Chair, I have the honor of not only sitting  on the Committee on Agriculture but also of sitting on the Committee on  Education and the Workforce, so I know very well how important healthy,  hunger-free children are to a good education system.   On top of already harmful policies, the Conaway manager's amendment  compromises the current science-based nutrition standards in Federal  schools meals programs. By politicizing and legislating nutrition  standards, this amendment, if adopted, will further threaten the school  meals programs upon which millions of children rely.   The USDA updated the current standards based on rigorous, evidence- based processes, as required by the last bipartisan Child Nutrition  Reauthorization. These standards rely on expert, nonpartisan  recommendations. Research shows that children are now eating 16 percent  more vegetables and 23 percent more fruit at lunch. Further, according  to a poll by the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, 97 percent of Americans  support the National School Nutrition Standards and 86 percent say the  School Nutrition Standards should stay or be strengthened.   There is simply no reason to depart from science-based and evidence- based standards. We should not compromise on what is best for our  children. That is why the American Academy of Pediatrics, American  Diabetes Association, American Heart Association, and others oppose  rolling back the standards. I urge my colleagues to oppose these  efforts that would further threaten the health of our Nation's children  and students.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''    Mr. Chairman, 42, 23, 89, 200, and 3. These  numbers stand out for me. Forty-two million people will be impacted by  the SNAP changes; 23 hearings; 89 witnesses, who didn't recommend the  proposals that we are seeing today; $200 million spent on 10 pilot  programs, of which we won't get the results in time; and 3 years old,  the age that we are reducing down from 6 for parents to go to work.   These numbers just don't add up. And one of my concerns is that great  proposals might be put on the floor right now, but we had a process,  and the process has been flawed, and now we have a flawed product.   So, again, I urge my colleagues across the aisle to come back  together in the great tradition of the Agriculture Committee and work  on a bipartisan piece of legislation that moves Americans into work-- meaningful work.   