 Mr. President, I join my colleague from Virginia, as  well as Senator Durbin, who has been working so hard to get this done,  to stand up for the Dreamers. I give my strong support once again for  taking action on the Dream Act. We need to take up this bill.   As Senator Kaine just noted, I was also heartened, after the meeting  at the White House, by the fact that this President understands--he  said he understands that we can't wait until March to get this done,  that we need to get this done soon. For me, the easiest way to do this  is by passing the Dream Act.   The Federal court decision in California yesterday will provide some  temporary relief, as every single day more and more kids fall out of  status. That sounds like a legal term, but for them, it changes their  whole life. These are kids who literally believed our government. They  were told: You register. You sign up. We are going to allow you to  stay.  [[Page S132]]    And then, in one little moment and with a signature, that all  changed. Their lives changed. So it is now our obligation in the Senate  to get this done.   We have already seen the harmful effects of the administration's  decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, and  the situation will continue to get worse until we take action. This is  not just a small thing. I have met these kids. Ninety-seven percent of  them either work or are in school. The average age they were when they  were brought to this country is 6\1/2\ years old.   A few months back, I stood in front of a Catholic church with our  archbishop of the Twin Cities, Archbishop Hebda, and a number of his  parishioners and a number of the priests from that church to talk about  what this meant in people's lives--kids brought over through no fault  of their own.   My favorite example of a Dreamer, Senator Kaine and Mr. President, is  Joseph Medina. He was brought over--and he didn't know this at the  time--as a baby. His parents had died, and he was brought over to  Sleepy Eye, MN, where he was raised. This was a long time ago. When he  got to be the right age, he decided that he wanted to serve our  country, and he signed up to serve in World War II.   Well, back then, he went to the military, to the Army, and said: I  want to sign up.   They said: Well, it turns out--I don't know what term they used back  then, but he was undocumented. And when I first met him at the young  age of 99, as he explained to me, back then, all you did was you went  to Canada for a day, with our country's OK, and slept in a hotel for a  night, which is what he did, and then came back. Then he was made  legal, and the Army signed him up, and he ended up going over and  serving in the Pacific. He came back to this country, met his wife, got  married, had a son, and that son served in the Vietnam war.   A few years ago, when he was 99, I got to bring him to Washington,  and we stood in front of the World War II Memorial. There he stood. He  had never seen it before, and he would never go again. He just died at  the age of 103. He stood there with two Dreamers, suburban high school  kids from Minnesota who wanted to join the Air Force, but they couldn't  do it. They didn't have that right status. They were Dreamers too. They  had been brought over as young kids.   To me, that just brought it all home. This is a war hero, someone who  served our country, and this is the kind of person we are talking about  when we talk about the Dreamers. His last act of patriotism in the last  few years of his life was to continue to push so that other kids could  serve their country just as he had and just as his son had.   While we have not reached an agreement yet on this bill, the reports  on the bipartisan meeting are hopeful. But time is ticking by. Time is  ticking. The American public is with us. This is not one of these  issues where the public says: What are they doing? This makes no sense.  No. A recent poll found that 86 percent of Americans support action to  allow the Dreamers to stay here in the United States. So I am very  hopeful that we can come together on a bipartisan agreement.   The Dream Act was based on one simple principle, and that is that you  should have the opportunity--this set of people, 800,000 people who  came over here through no fault of their own, should have that  opportunity to call this country home, as they have been doing for so  many years.   Passing the Dream Act isn't just the morally right thing to do, it is  the economically right thing to do. One recent study estimated that  ending deferred action for childhood arrivals would cost the country  over $400 billion over the next 10 years. It would cost my State more  than $376 million in annual revenue. We are proud to be the home of  more than 6,000 Dreamers.   Since it was established in 2012, it has helped, as I have noted,  nearly 800,000 young people who have lived in the United States since  childhood to have better lives. Think about that--800,000 people. As I  mentioned, 97 percent of them are in school or in the workforce, and 72  percent of them are currently in school pursuing a bachelor's degree or  higher. More than 100 students applied to medical school last year.  Nearly 100 of them are currently enrolled in medical school at a time  when we need more doctors, particularly in rural areas. Those are the  facts.   I note that at the meeting at the White House, the President actually  said that when this got done, he wanted to pursue comprehensive  immigration reform. It is something that we have done before on a  bipartisan basis in the Senate, and I believe that is where we need to  turn now.   We talk about the economic sense of the Dreamers. Look at our country  overall. Seventy of our Fortune 500 companies are headed by immigrants.  Twenty-five percent of our U.S. Nobel Laureates were born in other  countries. Immigrants have been an economic engine for this country.   Everyone in this Chamber came from somewhere. Their relatives came  from somewhere. My grandparents on my mom's side came from Switzerland,  and on my dad's side my great-grandparents came from Slovenia. They  worked in the mines. They worked so hard just to send my dad to  college. They saved money in a coffee can in a basement. I am here  today with great-grandparents who came straight from Slovenia, a  grandfather who worked in a mine, a dad who grew up there and was the  first one in the family to go to college and get a 2-year degree and  then a 4-year degree, and I literally stand here on the shoulders of  these immigrants.   On my mom's side, the Swiss side, my grandpa came over and ended up  at Ellis Island when he was 18 years old, and they had reached the cap  on Swiss immigrants. That might sound amusing, but that was the case.  He then somehow got himself to Canada--I think he said he was going to  live there--came back through--because he wanted to be in our country-- came back through, ended up in Wisconsin, like all good Swiss, with my  other relatives on my grandma's side, worked at a cheese factory, and  was an alien for 20 years. He finally applied for citizenship when  World War II was breaking out, and that is when they found out that, in  fact, he maybe had come into the country two different ways. But back  then, they listened to his story, and they gave him citizenship.  Otherwise, he would have been deported--I think it was 3 weeks before  the U.S. joined World War II--as a Swiss German. Instead, he married my  grandma back then, they had my mom and my mom's brother, and here I am.   I am on the shoulders of those immigrants. So when I see these  Dreamers, I see my own family, and I hope everyone in this Chamber sees  the same thing--the American dream. That is why, Mr. President, I stand  with the Senator from Virginia, Mr. Kaine, with Senator Durbin, and so  many of my colleagues who have been working on this for so long on both  sides of the aisle. There has been leadership on both sides of the  aisle. So let's get this done, let's pass the Dream Act, and let's  never forget that we all come from somewhere.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   