 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  MISSION ZERO Act, H.R. 880, and I would like to thank Chairman Burgess,  Ranking Member Gene Green from Texas, and Mr. Hudson from North  Carolina for sponsoring this legislation with me.   The MISSION ZERO Act will assist the Department of Defense in  assigning trauma surgeons to our civilian trauma centers. It will help  fill the gap that we currently have in care recently examined by the  National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine.   The MISSION ZERO Act will establish grant initiatives for eligible  trauma systems to incorporate full military trauma teams or individual  military trauma providers into our hospitals--the ones that have busy  emergency rooms.   This mutually beneficial partnership will allow civilian doctors and  nurses and care providers the chance to learn more about military best  practices and will give our military trauma care providers the  opportunity to utilize their cutting-edge expertise without leaving the  military.    I have seen this initiative in action already back home in Tampa at  Tampa General Hospital, located just a few miles down the road from  MacDill Air Force Base, which is home to U.S. Central Command, U.S.  Special Operations Command, and the 6th Air Mobility Wing, which is  also home to the 6th Air Medical Group.   Since about 2011, they have had an ongoing partnership to do just  what this bill provides: create a lot of energy and shared expertise in  the civilian trauma center at Tampa General Hospital and bring in the  military specialists so they can continue to hone their caregiving and  craft. They use nurses, surgeons, and all sorts of specialists.   The initiative allows military and civilian medical teams to work in  the most intense trauma environments--that is, our level one trauma  center--and take very good care of folks all across central Florida.  These partnerships are vital for continued training for our community  and our military.   I think Dr. Burgess and Mr. Gene Green from Texas are doing a great  service by replicating this in other trauma centers across the United  States.   The MISSION ZERO Act is endorsed by the American Congress of  Neurological Surgeons, American College of Emergency Physicians,  American College of Surgeons, and the Trauma Care Association of  America.   Again, I thank Dr. Burgess, Ranking Member Gene Green from Texas, Mr.  Hudson, and all my Energy and Commerce colleagues, and I urge everyone  here in the House to support this important bill.   