 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his continued  leadership on these Special Order hours, and also for his leadership in  the Progressive Caucus, and on the Judiciary Committee.   I am here to talk about SNAP because I am sort of dumbfounded that we  are where we are. I serve as the vice ranking member on the Budget  Committee, and I saw firsthand how a Republican tax scam, the tax cut,  was pushed through in favor of the top 1 percent and the largest  corporations, creating a transfer of wealth from the middle class and  working people to the wealthiest; creating what will be a $1 trillion  deficit according to the Congressional Budget Office next year; and  then coming back and saying somehow we don't have enough money to feed  our kids.   That, to me, is really not just ludicrous, but it is outrageous, and  I am deeply saddened by it because the program that we are talking  about is the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program--that is what  SNAP stands for--and it feeds 42 million American families across the  country. This is a target of our colleagues on the Republican side,  using the farm bill to take this crucial program away from Americans  who need it the most. The bill would strip critical food assistance  from unemployed and employed workers by shortening the time limits to  be eligible for SNAP for millions of people.   My home State of Washington in 2016 received $1.1 billion in SNAP  funding, and there and across the country, as I said, 42 million  families benefit from this critical program. These are workers and  families who face low wages, unreliable schedules, underemployment, and  unstable incomes. They all rely on SNAP to buy groceries and put food  on the table.   So we are talking about stripping food assistance from families and  individuals with children under 6 if they can't consistently work 20  hours a week. And it would strip food assistance for a whole year if  that requirement isn't met.   Cutting SNAP is not magically going to reduce the deficit, a deficit  that was dramatically increased by our Republican colleagues when they  passed the tax scam, and so this is just an attempt to take resources  from the most vulnerable and to leave these 40 million families  stranded on the side of the road.   The American Dream isn't just about individuals lifting themselves up  by their own bootstraps. It is the idea that we are all better off when  we are all  [[Page H3870]]  better off; that we need to lift up every person, and make sure every  person has bootstraps to be lifted up by.   Today, my office received a call from Dave in my district who works  at our University District Food Bank, and he called just imploring  Congress not to allow this to happen. Our community food banks in red  and blue districts across the country will not be able to keep up with  the need if we gut SNAP. Yesterday, I met with Aaron from Food  Lifeline, who knows from experience that for every one meal provided by  a food bank in our community, SNAP provides 12.    Yesterday, I spoke at a rally and we had a constituent of mine--a  woman named Tina--who came out from Washington State. She is a single  mom. She has got a 9-year-old kid, and she was just begging and  pleading for us to please keep this program.   The reality is that SNAP is one of the most cost-effective public  assistance programs. It quickly and directly gets food assistance to  those who need it. So why would we wage a war on that program or a war  on poor people by cutting these essential benefits?   Mr. Speaker, I know that Mr. Raskin shares my deep commitment to make  sure that we provide these essential benefits for families across the  country, and I believe that there are colleagues on the other side who  will share this commitment once they understand what this is doing to  poor folks in their districts who just need a hand up; kids who need  food on the table--fruits, vegetables, healthy foods--so that they can  grow and nourish their bodies and their souls, and help contribute to  our economy. And that is what SNAP does.   So I urge all of my colleagues on the Republican side to join us  Democrats in fighting for our kids and fighting for nutrition, and  fighting for this critical program.   