 Thank you, Mr. President.   Thank you, Senator Klobuchar, for organizing this colloquy on the  Olympic contributions of Minnesotans. I was proud to work with you on  this resolution honoring our Olympians. While I have not yet given my  first floor speech--which I plan to do in a couple of weeks--I couldn't  pass up the opportunity to come down and talk about our State's amazing  athletes.   As I am sure Senator Klobuchar knows, as you have just heard from  her, once a Minnesotan can walk, you can bet that his or her parents  will try to get them on skis, skates, a sled, or maybe even on the  curling rink. That early start--not to mention the fact that  Minnesotans are the hardest working and most resilient people I know-- helps explain why 23 of our athletes took part in this year's Winter  Games. As Senator Klobuchar said, that is the third most of any State  in the country. And, boy, did they steal the show. Minnesotans brought  home gold medals in women's hockey, women's cross-country skiing, men's  curling, and a bronze medal in women's downhill skiing.   I want to talk about Afton, Minnesota's own Jessie Diggins, who  carried the Olympic torch for Team USA at the closing ceremony. As  Senator Klobuchar said, Jessie began skiing at 4 years old and started  racing against high schoolers at age 11. She earned her spot on the  Olympic cross-country team and was the only woman to compete in all six  women's cross-country events--and compete she did.   Along with her teammate, Kikkan Randall, Jessie won the first Olympic  Gold Medal ever for the United States in cross-country skiing--and in  dramatic fashion. Jessie came from behind during the final stretch of  the race, inching out her competitor as they crossed the finish line.    I am amazed, but not all that surprised, by the accomplishments of my  fellow Minnesotans. I am so happy to be able to join Senator Klobuchar  in  [[Page S1307]]  saying we are glad the whole world had the chance to witness what we  see every day in our jobs as Senators from Minnesota--Minnesotans doing  amazing things.   I yield the floor.   