 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3398, the REAL  ID Act Modification for Freely Associated States Act.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and good friend from  Alaska, Congressman  Don Young, for introducing this bill, which I  proudly cosponsored.   Through the Compact of Free Association, the United States and the  Freely Associated States--the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the  Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau--agreed to  the terms of our special and unique government-to-government  relationships. It is through these compacts that the citizens of the  Freely Associated States can enter the U.S. to live, work, study, and  visit indefinitely as legal nonimmigrants without visa, with guaranteed  access to social and health services.   In return, the U.S. has defense and certain other operating rights in  the Freely Associated States, denial of access to the territory by  other nations, and other agreements of strategic importance to the  United States.   The Freely Associated States' citizens migrate to Hawaii and other  places in the U.S. for many reasons, including but not limited to job  and economic opportunities.    Hawaii is one of the four recognized affected jurisdictions by the  U.S. Government. Hawaii experiences the highest impact of FAS migrants.  The other affected jurisdictions are Guam, the Commonwealth of the  Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa.   Based on the U.S. Census data for 2010 to 2014, the five States with  the highest number of FAS citizens are Hawaii, with 17,205; Arkansas,  with 3,625; Washington, with 3,430; Oregon, with 2,580; and Texas, with  2,090.   Unfortunately, when Congress passed the Real ID Act in 2005, it used  an obsolete reference to the Freely Associated States countries,  specifically identifying them as the Trust Territory of the Pacific  Islands.   As a result, when the Freely Associated States' migrants seek to  obtain a U.S. ID or license, they can only obtain a temporary license  for 1 year, since they are legally noncitizens without an end date of  their stay.   This is extremely problematic when the migrants seek employment, and  it further complicates our ability to accurately assess the size of the  FAS citizen population.   It is clear Congress intended to include the Freely Associated  States' citizen migrants under the Real ID Act, and I appreciate  Congressman Young's effort to correct the Record and end the ambiguity  which keeps FAS citizens from fully and freely participating in our  country and becoming self-sufficient members of our society.   Mr. Speaker, I would also like to remind people why we even have  these compacts. It is because the United States did do atomic bomb  testing, nuclear testing, in this area. As a result, it has affected  their health, their ability to retain and stay in their home countries,  and the compacts give them free access.   Hawaii is one of the most affected, and we carry a lot of the costs  associated with the compacts, especially in the area of medical,  education, and housing.   So the ability to have these Real IDs, then, will facilitate the  various migrants' ability to actually seek jobs and have an equal  footing in terms of economic opportunity.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3398.   