 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be allowed to  continue with my remarks.    Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleague Senator  Whitehouse as he takes to the Senate floor to speak on climate change  for the 219th time.   Mr. Whitehouse is the Senate leader on climate change, and his  foresight, actions, and determination on this issue are remarkable. I  am very proud to join him today.   Climate change is a dire threat to our environment and to our  children's future, and yet, if we rise to the challenge of responding  to climate change, it will offer us major economic opportunity. The  clean energy transition is already creating jobs, reducing the cost of  generating electricity, clearing the air, and improving our health.   The old idea that responding to climate change comes at the expense  of the American economy is outdated and inaccurate. The clean energy  economy is the economy of the 21st century. We see this every day in  Minnesota, which is a national leader in the clean energy transition.   The climate is rapidly changing, and these changes are caused by  human activities that release greenhouse gases. I know this because it  is what science shows us.   In Minnesota, we take special pride in the severity of our winters,  but Minnesota winter temperatures have increased by 6 degrees since  1970. More than our pride is at stake. Agriculture and forest pests  that were once held in check by severe winter cold are now thriving.  Summer temperatures are on a pace to make Minnesota as warm as Kansas  by the end of the century. Some models suggest that changing climate  and spreading pests could eliminate Minnesota's iconic evergreen  forests by 2100.   Urgent action is needed to limit further climate change. If we don't  reduce greenhouse gas emissions to near zero by 2060, the world will  cross a dangerous warming threshold--a threshold that the United States  and other nations have pledged to avoid.   I am deeply worried about these threats, and so are our children, but  I am also hopeful because I have seen how tapping into the abundant  wind and sunshine is building a new energy economy that is clean,  green, and full of opportunity.   Here is just one example. Shortly after becoming a Senator, I visited  the Vetter family farm near Mankato, MN, and saw firsthand how  renewable energy can provide new sources of income for farmers. The  Vetters raise hogs, but they also farm the sun through a 14-acre  community solar garden. The Vetters inspired me to become a champion  for the energy title in the Senate farm bill, which provides Federal  support for rural renewable energy projects.   Just 3 years ago, Minnesota wasn't much of a player in solar energy,  despite the fact that we had nearly the same solar potential as  Houston, TX. However, new State policy has led to strong growth and  solar energy development. The State began a community solar garden  program in 2013, and Minnesota now has enough solar energy to power  nearly 120,000 homes. During the first quarter of 2018, Minnesota was  fifth in the Nation for solar installations.   Now Minnesota is a model, but the Southeastern United States and  almost all of the western half of the country has as much or more  sunshine than Minnesota and lots of opportunity.   Minnesota is new to solar, but we have long been a national leader in  wind energy. Today, nearly 20 percent of our electricity comes from  wind turbines. Like solar, the fuel costs for an installed turbine are  zero. So wind energy is sheltered from the ups and downs of fossil fuel  prices. Wind energy is also a rural economic engine. A single  industrial-sized turbine can bring a family farm $4,000 to $8,000 in  lease revenue each year.   My State is home to the two largest wind and solar installation  companies in the country--Mortenson Energy in the Twin Cities and  Blattner Energy in rural Avon. Together, they have installed renewable  energy capacity across the country equivalent to 100 coal plants.   Clean energy brings good jobs. For example, wind energy technician is  one of the fastest growing jobs in the country, with an average salary  of $54,000, and it doesn't require a 4-year college degree.   Jobs in Minnesota's clean energy sector are growing twice as fast as  jobs in other parts of our State's economy. Employers report they are  having trouble finding the skilled workers they need to fill these  jobs. To address this problem, I have introduced legislation to help  employers partner with high schools and community colleges so students  can gain the skills they need to get these jobs.   Last year, renewable energy contributed 25 percent of the electricity  generated in Minnesota. Nuclear power, which also does not release  greenhouse gases, contributed an additional 23 percent. From a climate  change perspective, Minnesota is already halfway to being a 100-percent  clean energy State, and we are not slowing down. Xcel, our largest  utility, is on track to deliver 60 percent renewable and 85 percent  clean energy by 2030. Great River Energy, which serves many of our  rural electric co-ops, is committed to 50 percent renewables by that  same date. Why are they doing this? Well, it is not all about saving  the planet. Wind energy has become the cheapest way to add new  electricity to Minnesota's electric grid. Yes, Minnesota is windy, but  so is every State in the middle of the country. And, as Senator  Whitehouse described, most coastal States have tremendous wind power  potential through offshore wind farms.   This summer, the McKnight Foundation released a groundbreaking  analysis of what decarbonizing Minnesota's economy would mean. If  Minnesota continues to move away from fossil fuels and toward clean  energy, we can achieve a dramatic reduction in greenhouse gas emissions  by 2050. That would mean an electric mix that includes at least 91  percent clean energy. That would mean total energy bill savings of $600  to $1,200 per Minnesota household each year. It also would  [[Page S6130]]  mean 20,000 more jobs in our State compared to a ``business as usual''  scenario, with continued reliance on fossil fuels.   Given all of the upsides, it is disheartening that the President  continues to do everything in his power to slow down the clean energy  transition. He would rather take us backward than have America remain a  world leader pushing forward. He is pulling the United States out of  the Paris climate agreement. He is taking steps to roll back auto fuel  efficiency standards and trampling on the rights of States that want to  maintain rigorous targets. He has tried repeatedly to keep uneconomic  and polluting coal plants open--a move that, if successful, would cost  American taxpayers and electric bill payers billions of dollars a year.   In a recent attack on clean energy, President Trump has proposed  replacing the Clean Power Plan with an alternative that would actually  increase greenhouse gas emissions and, by the administration's own  calculation, cause up to 1,400 additional deaths per year due to air  pollution. Just yesterday, the Trump administration proposed to weaken  rules that limit the release of methane--a potent greenhouse gas.   Instead, the Federal Government can and should partner with States to  encourage the spread of clean energy. The Federal Government should  help States lead and not hold them back.   First, we should set national clean energy targets. These should be a  floor, not a ceiling, setting States free to innovate and adopt the  best way to meet energy emission reductions given their local  resources, local economies, and local sensibilities.   Second, the Federal targets should be technology neutral. The goal is  to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In one place, this might mean wind  power; in another, nuclear power. Some States have great hydropower  resources, while others might choose to utilize carbon capture and  storage upgrades to existing coal plants.   Third, we should work with States to enhance the interstate  transmission system. I have talked a lot about what Minnesota is doing  on clean energy. States like California and Hawaii and many others are  certainly also leading the way. With transmission, the Texas grid  expansion provides a potential national model. That expansion is  helping bring clean electricity from the windy western part of Texas to  the large cities in the east.   Fourth, the Federal Energy and Regulatory Commission must properly  account for greenhouse gas emissions when it approves projects. It  should allow States to value their nuclear plants as zero-emission  sources. As the original fleet of nuclear plants retires, it is  imperative that they be replaced with non-emitting power sources.   Last, the Federal government should expand support for cutting-edge  energy research at our National Labs and at State universities. The  Federal Government also needs to recognize that the discoveries in the  lab only help if they are actually deployed. We must help States and  utilities take risks on new, potentially game-changing technologies. To  those ends, I recently introduced legislation to help fund both  research and initial deployment of new energy storage technologies.   We have everything to lose if we fail to meet the challenge of  climate change. We owe our children and the next generation a better  alternative.   I again thank Senator Whitehouse for his leadership on this issue and  for inviting me to join him today.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   