 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bipartisan  Ukraine Cybersecurity Cooperation Act of 2017. Let me first thank the  hard work of Representative Brian Fitzpatrick, fellow Ukraine Caucus  chair and Representative Brendan Boyle, as well as Chairman Ed Royce  and the Ranking Member Eliot Engel for their support.   As we know all too well, Russian aggression towards Ukraine is not a  new threat. Russia's hostile behavior continues to threaten Ukraine's  freedom and destabilize its critical infrastructure and institutions.  Since Russia's illegal annexation of Crimea in 2014, over 10,000 people  have been killed and two million people have been uprooted, internally  displaced. Ukraine finds herself on the front lines of hybrid war and  an assault on her sovereignty--this time in the form of cyber warfare.   We as Americans have also been attacked by this insidious form of  hybrid warfare. It is our duty to help other nations resist threat to  liberty. To this day, the fallout of Russian interference in our sacred  electoral process continues to plague our political landscape. At least  21 states, including Ohio, reported Russian hacking attempts in the  2016 election. Experts in the intelligence and defense communities have  all warned that this threat is not going away. In fact, cybersecurity  threats tested in Ukraine will likely be turned on the U.S. in  elections this year.   By supporting this bill, we provide Ukraine with critical upgraded  safeguards she needs to protect herself, her institutions, and her  liberty. Upgrading Ukraine's current technological infrastructure  grants her freedom from Russian technology. It gives her the ability to  share sensitive information on an international level. And, we will  strengthen our own cybersecurity through lessons learned from increased  cooperation with Ukraine.   Ukraine and her people have every right to sovereignty and self- determination as they seek a more democratic future. It is paramount  that the United States uphold our longstanding commitments to our  allies, as hybrid threats loom. This measure will provide the citizens  of Ukraine with the support they need to defend themselves. That's why  I strongly support this measure, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1997--the  Ukraine Cybersecurity Cooperation Act--offered by our Foreign Affairs  Committee colleague from Pennsylvania, Brenden Boyle.   This bill focuses on how the U.S. and Ukraine can work together to  address cyber threats and how the U.S. can help improve Ukraine's  domestic cybersecurity capabilities.   But it also serves as a reminder to this body, and especially to this  administration, that we need to work to improve our own cybersecurity  defenses and we need to hold those who target us accountable.   Mr. Speaker, the events in Ukraine that spurred the necessity for Mr.  Boyle's bill were a harbinger of things to come for the United States.   Ahead of the 2014 Presidential elections in Ukraine, Russian or pro- Russian elements hacked into Ukraine's Central Election Commission in a  series of attacks in an attempt to undermine the results and stir up  unrest throughout the country.   Then in December 2015, Putin-backed hackers attacked Ukraine's  infrastructure, compromising three energy distribution companies,  leaving nearly a quarter of a million people without electricity for  several hours.   Imagine being without electricity during this period, when the daily  average high temperature in Ukraine in December is below freezing.   Those were not the last of the attacks against Ukraine orchestrated  by Putin.   But they were, perhaps, practice runs for what Putin had planned for  the U.S. and others.   Because true to form, Putin then targeted the U.S. electoral system  in 2016 the same way he targeted Ukraine's in 2014.   This is not in dispute--yet for whatever reason, we were ill prepared  to prevent it, and the administration has been deficient in our  response to hold this meddling accountable.   So while I fully support this measure and I urge my colleagues to do  the same, I also urge my colleagues and the administration to take  action against the totality of Russia's illicit activity aimed at us  and our like-minded allies.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the  gentleman from California (Mr. Royce) that the House suspend the  [[Page H760]]  rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1997, as amended.   The question was taken.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds  being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.   