 Mr. Speaker, let me thank Mr. Scott and the  Congressional Black Caucus for this Special Order.   The Janus case is critically important to public employees, but, more  importantly, to all the people who rely on public services that they  provide.   This is an Illinois case--it is my State--Janus v. AFSCME Council 31,  a relentless fighter for American workers. Before becoming Governor,  Bruce Rauner was chairman of a private equity firm where he put profits  ahead of working families. As Governor, he was the one who filed this  suit.   We need to make sure that we protect workers all over this country.  We need to win this case before the Supreme Court. Justice calls for  winning for union members.   Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  Mr. Perlmutter may have 4 minutes as our final speaker.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Marshall). The Chair cannot entertain  the gentleman's request. The time of the gentleman has expired.   Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I had so many Members that I  couldn't get them all in. But I appreciate it, and I hope that I have  shared with the American people tonight this case and the threat it  holds for our very valuable unions.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pledge my whole- hearted support for the right of workers to organize and to decry the  efforts of powerful corporate interests to outlaw public sector union  fair share fees in the Janus v. AFSCME case currently before the  Supreme Court.   Today, despite being more productive than ever, American workers are  working longer hours for less money and fewer benefits.   It is no accident that working people are struggling. Corporate CEOs  continue to use their wealth to influence politicians to rig the  economic rules to benefit the wealthy and powerful at the expense of  everyone else.   Now, those same corporate CEOs and special interests are behind a  Supreme Court case called Janus v. AFSCME--a case that threatens to  make things even worse for working people.   This case aims to take away the opportunity for working people to  join together in strong unions to speak up for themselves, their  families, and their communities.   When teachers, nurses, police officers, firefighters, and other  public service workers are free to build strong unions, they win  benefits like better working conditions, better wages, health care,  clean and safe environments, and retirement security that benefit not  just union members, but all workers.   Given that all workers benefit, it has been standard practice that  all workers contribute their fair share of the cost of organizing--a  practice upheld unanimously by the Supreme Court in 1977.   But the CEOs and corporate special interests behind the Janus case  have abandoned the conservative principle of respect for precedent.   They are instead driven by a misguided belief that working people  should be denied the same ability as they have to effectively negotiate  a fair return on their work so that they can provide for themselves and  their families.   The Janus case is a blatantly political and well-funded plot to use  the highest court in the land to further rig the economic rules against  everyday working people.   But what these corporate bigwigs fail to recognize is that unions are  now more important than ever.   Unions work because we all pay our fair share and we all benefit from  what we negotiate together.   The forces behind this case know that by joining together in strong  unions, working people are able to win the power and voice they need to  level the economic and political playing field.   That is why I will continue to stand with American workers and their  unions to ensure that they are protected, and that they are able to  pursue their own version of the American dream.   