 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding  and for that gracious introduction, but, more importantly, for his  magnificent leadership and for constantly looking out for working men  and women throughout the country. I also thank him very much for  bringing us together this evening to discuss the Supreme Court case,  Janus v. AFSCME.   Mr. Speaker, as we remember the man and the movement which  transformed the soul of America, we must never forget that Dr. Martin  Luther  [[Page H663]]  King, Jr., fought for economic justice and workers' rights.   A few months before Dr. King's assassination, two young African- American workers were crushed to death by a faulty truck in Memphis.  The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees-- AFSCME--union members went on strike, and Dr. King was right there with  them, leading and lending his support.   In a speech to the sanitation workers on strike, Dr. King explained  why he was there. He said: ``Now our struggle is for genuine equality,  which means economic equality. For we know that it isn't enough to  integrate lunch counters. What does it profit a man to be able to eat  at an integrated lunch counter if he doesn't earn enough money to buy a  hamburger . . . ?''   Now, 50 years after Dr. King's tragic assassination after standing up  for economic justice and fighting to end poverty, the Supreme Court is  taking up a case that would gut union rights.   Make no mistake, the Supreme Court case, Janus v. AFSCME, is a  political scheme to further endanger the rights of working people. This  case is yet another attempt by billionaires and corporations to stop  working people from joining unions altogether. This case will gut the  very protections that are the fabric of our society, and that is our  unions.   More than 16 million people are represented by a union, from  teachers, firefighters, and nurses, to postal workers, and many more.  Unions help improve lives. They increase wages. They lift families out  of poverty. They fight for safe working conditions and well-deserved  benefits.   Unions are especially critical to communities of color. For too long,  African Americans have been locked out of wage increases because of  discriminatory practices. But for African Americans who do join unions,  they earn 15 percent more than their nonunion counterparts. African- American women, in particular, earn an average of $22 an hour compared  to $17 an hour in a nonunion job, and those wages make a huge  difference for families.   Plain and simple, unions provide a path to the American Dream and the  middle class for working people.   Unfortunately, as union membership has decreased because of attacks  on working people, income inequality has risen. From 1973 to 2007, as  more States started forcing working people off of unions, income  inequality rose by one-third. That is shameful.   So, Mr. Speaker, the Janus case before the Supreme Court now  threatens the economic security of families all across the country.  This case will go against what the American public wants. More than  three in five Americans know the importance of labor unions, yet here  we are having to defend their very existence. This is outrageous.   So we must ensure that working people, people of color, everyone,  continue to have the right to join a union. It is the right thing for  our economy. It is the right thing for our communities.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for leading this very  important Special Order tonight.   