 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in every corner of our country today and  across my State in Washington, countless students are taking part in a  walkout in support of reforms to combat gun violence. I stand in  solidarity with these students who are trying to provide an example of  why we must make progress on this issue. No student should fear for  their life while attending school, and I will continue to work on  solutions here to curb gun violence.   We in Washington State have been able to make progress by passing  initiatives to close gun show loopholes and to move forward on extreme  person legislation. I should say that that was passed by the citizens  of our State. We should look at the example of Washington's initiatives  and the success we have had in our State in curbing gun violence as  commonsense solutions that should be considered here in Washington, DC.   When we look at these issues, I am reminded of the tragic shootings  in our State--of Sam Strahan, from Spokane, who was killed, and  individuals who were killed in Washington in a Marysville-Tulalip  shooting when Jaylen Fryberg, at just 15 years old, opened fire on  students and killed Gia Soriano, Andrew Fryberg, Shaylee Chuckulnaskit,  and Zoe Galasso and wounded Nathan Hatch.   These tragedies are more than we can take at our schools. These  tragedies are something that we need to address here in Washington. So  I stand in solidarity with our students who are trying to address these  issues and address our Nation's need to come together and provide  better solutions to protect our students.   We are still heartbroken about this shooting in the sense of it being  an example of the challenges we face--a young man who took his father's  gun. He was a father who never should have had the gun to begin with  because he was on a domestic violence restraining order. Yet he was  still able to go to a store, get the gun, and keep the gun in the home.  Then the young student was able to take that to school.   I want all of these families to know that we still think of them,  that we are still mourning the loss of these individuals, and that we  are working very hard with our colleagues to come to some resolution.   I yield the floor.   