 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 74th  anniversary of the liberation of Guam during World War II.   This morning, I just came from Arlington National Cemetery, where Ms.  Irene Sgambelluri, a survivor of the occupation of Guam, joined me and  Congressman Sablan in laying a memorial wreath at the Tomb of the  Unknown.   Mr. Speaker, Ms. Sgambelluri is a dear friend of mine who happens to  be in the audience today in the gallery. I was honored to host her here  in our Nation's Capital for this solemn anniversary.   The Chamorro people of Guam endured 32 months of occupation and  wartime atrocities, with thousands of our island's finest murdered,  brutalized, and forced into concentration camps. Mr. Speaker, Ms.  Sgambelluri's father was taken by the Japanese, and she was later  forced into a concentration camp for the remainder of the war.   Today, I introduced the Occupation of Guam Remembrance Act in  recognition of the atrocities endured by the Chamorro people of Guam  during World War II. We must never, ever forget the sacrifices made by  our island's manamko--the elders--during the war.   My Occupation of Guam Remembrance Act will ensure that all those  victims and survivors who submitted for war claims will have their  names inscribed on the memorial wall at the Asan Bay Overlook in the  War in the Pacific National Historic Park. The memorial wall is the  only national monument dedicated to the sacrifices of Guam's Chamorro  people during World War II, as well as the American servicemen and  insular guardsmen who died defending the island during the war and  those who liberated Guam in the summer of 1944.   Ms. Sgambelluri is just one of thousands who lived out that dark  chapter in American history. I thank her for her friendship and for  representing the thousands of war victims and survivors at this year's  wreath laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery.   Guam's greatest generation, our manamko, or elders, who endured the  war and survived have much to teach us. With the Occupation of Guam  Remembrance Act, and the addition of all war claimants to the memorial  wall, future generations will see the names of all those who sacrificed  dearly for Guam and our future.   The victims and survivors of the occupation of Guam are in my prayers  today, and I hope that all my colleagues here in Congress will join me  in honoring the sacrifices of these very great Americans.   God bless Guam and God bless the United States of America.   