 Madam President, I come to the floor to follow my  colleagues, Senators Thune and Nelson and to thank them for the FAA  bill which we just passed and which is on its way to the President's  desk. I so appreciated working with the chairman and ranking member and  my colleague on the subcommittee, Senator Blunt, on this FAA  reauthorization bill.   As mentioned by the chairman, this is the first long-term  reauthorization in decades, and it represents a 5-year investment in  critical infrastructure that our airports need all throughout the  United States.   It represents for us in the Pacific Northwest hundreds of millions of  dollars of investments in our airports that help us continue to grow  our economic and regional economies. Everybody in the State of  Washington knows that we are bursting at the seams when it comes to our  airports and that we need more capacity--particularly at Seattle-Tacoma  International Airport, where we saw an increase of nearly 2 million  passengers. It has been one of the fastest growing airports in the  Nation for the last 5 years. This long-term infrastructure bill will  provide hundreds of millions of dollars for airport investments in our  State and will help us meet that growth and demand.   This bill is also a major down payment on security and efficiency to  help us handle that growth and the impact to our economy and to our  transportation systems. That is one of the reasons this bill has  provisions to bring more K-9 units to airports throughout the United  States, including the State of Washington. The K-9 units have been  vital to helping us cut nearly in half the time it takes to get  passengers through the airport screening process, and I believe they  are a tremendous deterrent, and they make sure that our airports are  safe and secure from those who may want to do harm. The fact that we  are improving the ability of these K-9 units to be supported by local  airports is one of the great aspects of this bill as well.   We also want to note that our airport infrastructure across the State  includes a lot of contract towers; that is, airports that help us with  regional transportation, private transportation, and a diverse range of  operations. Yet these airports are often in the shadows of larger  airports, whether that is Felts Field in Spokane or Walla Walla  Airport. Making sure that these contract tower airports receive support  and funding so they can continue to help our aviation sector and the  flying public is a great aspect of this bill.   Also, many of my colleagues have talked about the other improvements  to safety and security. We are continuing to make a down payment on  next-generation technology; that is, our air traffic control system. I  can't say enough about how important it is for us to continue to move  forward on the NextGen aviation system. It helps us fly more  efficiently. It saves on fuel costs. It helps our system operate more  efficiently. The bill's innovation also takes a next step forward on  unmanned aerial vehicles.   I again thank our colleagues--particularly Senator Thune and Senator  Nelson--for their great work on this, and my colleague Senator Blunt.  Making aviation investments is critical to continuing to grow an  aviation economy in the United States. It is also just as critical to  growing economies around the State because air transportation helps  them attract and keep businesses in the area. While we have Sea-Tac  bursting at the seams, we have other regional airports that are still  trying to grow, and giving them this infrastructure investment will  help in the future.   I again thank our colleagues. I am glad we are moving forward on the  first long-term aviation infrastructure investment in decades. Some of  us here may remember the last bill, on which I think we had something  like 23 extensions over many, many years before we finally got a bill.  So this represents the first time in many decades that we now have a 5- year picture that we can look at and see the investment for aviation  moving forward.   I thank my colleagues and will continue to work with them on other  aspects of aviation improvement for the future.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to thank my  colleagues Chairman Alexander and Ranking Member Murray for this  important opioids legislation. Parts of it passed out of the Senate  Finance Committee as well. So I want to thank Senators Hatch and Wyden  for their work on this very comprehensive package.   This important legislation, which, I think, is the third in the bills  we passed related to opioids, couldn't come at a more important time.  This crisis is ravaging our communities. It is impacting families.   We need to do all we can to help those on the frontlines. That is why  I have been from Port Angeles to Spokane, to southwest Washington, to  Everett to talk about this issue and to try to provide the solutions  that my law enforcement and community people want in this legislation.   I am so excited that the legislation will mean that there are more  available beds through Medicaid to treat those addicted to opioids.  This is something we heard about in every community in Washington. We  heard that those coming out of our jails addicted to opioids, who had  some modicum of an ability to maybe get off of opioids, then had to  wait weeks and weeks for treatment in places like Tacoma or Spokane,  where there simply weren't enough beds.   This legislation allows Medicaid to cover treatment at institutions  with more than 16 beds for up to 30 days. It means that funding will be  available to States and local governments to help treat opioid  addiction, and it is very important in the State of Washington because  we have received $43 million in the past 3 years to help us with these  tools. It means funding tools for law enforcement so that they can help  combat drug trafficking rings.   Specifically, this legislation includes more than $4 million in tools  to support our State of Washington through the HIDTA Program, which  fights drug-trafficking rings.   In 2016 alone, the Seattle-based Northwest High Intensity Drug  Trafficking Area helped to disrupt and dismantle 81 different drug- trafficking organizations.   This support and help for our law enforcement and our sheriffs to  keep doing their job is incredibly important. I have heard from our  sheriffs who played great roles in this. Sheriff Pastor in Pierce  County, the King County Sheriff, and our Snohomish County Sheriff have  all done great work on this very important legislation.   This legislation also includes stiffer penalties for those who  illegally distribute opioids that have been flooding our communities.  We have talked to so many people about this problem. I joined with our  attorney general, Bob Ferguson, and 39 other State attorneys general in  pushing legislation that I and Senator Harris of California authored  that basically said we are not doing a good enough job in tracking the  distribution of these opioids, and we need to have stiffer fines and  penalties for those who don't do their job in tracking the distribution  of this drug.   Our communities have been flooded, and those attorneys general said:  Please ensure that effective penalties hold manufacturers accountable  and help stem the diversion of this product.   How did we get here? When Congress passed the Controlled Substances  Act in 1970 to regulate highly addictive drugs, including prescriptions  for opioids, they did so because they were so addictive; yet Congress  said you must follow a network of laws to track these controlled  substances. You need to know exactly where the manufacturers are  distributing these drugs, to whom, and how much.   Why did they want that? Because they knew they were so addictive  that, if they got on the streets and flooded communities and  marketplaces, we would have a devastating impact.   Well, because the fines and penalties were so small, these  manufacturers paid no mind to this provision of the law. Despite the  requirements, large quantities of opioids flooded into communities.  Because law enforcement didn't understand how much they were flooding  their communities and didn't have the records, there was little to  track. So you had excessive shipments from manufacturers.   In one example, a physician in Everett, WA, wrote more than 10,000  prescriptions for opioids. This number of prescriptions was 26 times  higher than the average prescriber in Everett. I know that sounds  suspicious, but the drug manufacturer didn't even report the activity.  The DEA didn't have the information. Instead, the physician continued,  and the manufacturer continued to distribute to them.   Why did this lack of reporting continue? It is because the fines  currently in place for failing to track distribution were so small.  They did not feel they were a threat, given the other aspects of the  business. Current fines for failing to follow the Federal law just  weren't enough. That is why we put new standards in place.   I traveled throughout our State to talk about this and to talk about  how our communities have been flooded with this drug. Every time, law  enforcement and local communities said: We need new tools--tools to  stop the distribution, tools to help our law enforcement break up rings  and track the drugs, and new tools to help those who have been impacted  by opioids.   That is why we are bumping these fines up to $500,000 per criminal  violation. These penalties increase the chances that opioid  manufacturers will think twice about not reporting this distribution.  In the case of Everett, that manufacturer could have been fined $900  million because of their activities. I guarantee you that this is a  deterrent if a manufacturer thinks they are going to receive hundreds  of millions of dollars in fines.   I hope they will take this seriously. This legislation is needed and  will go  [[Page S6484]]  to the President's desk. It is so important for our communities to have  tools.   I also want to commend my colleague the Senator from Ohio for putting  in language to increase the tools for U.S. mail inspections. We know we  are seeing product being shipped into the United States and that we  haven't had all of the tools we have needed to make sure we are  checking the U.S. mail for this product. The STOP Act, hopefully, will  help us catch and stop more of the illegal distribution of this product  through the U.S. mail.    There will be longer coverage for beds to help with treatment, more  tools for our sheriffs and police forces, better ways to penalize  manufacturers, which is the key to helping us stop the diversion of  drugs into communities, and better inspections of those who are using  our mail system.   These are all great tools to give to law enforcement. I am glad our  colleagues could come together on this, and it is so needed in the  State of Washington. I thank the law enforcement throughout our State  and thank the providers for helping us work together to get this  legislation passed.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   