 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in our fight  to keep a promise made to workers and retirees across this country. I  will start with where we were, where we are now, and what Washington  needs to do to keep these promises.   A little over 2 years ago, Central States pension had an application  before the Treasury Department, which had it been approved would have  meant deep cuts to pensions that had already been earned over a  lifetime of hard work.   Retirees in my home State of Wisconsin began to receive letters  notifying them that their pensions could be cut by 30, 50, and, in some  cases, as much as 70 percent. Treasury made the right decision and  rejected these pension cuts. That was an important victory, but we have  always known there is more work to be done, that we have to find a  long-term solution that keeps these promises.   I am talking about a promise made to Bernie in Franklin, WI, who  would have lost about one-third of his pension if the Central States  application had actually gone through. I am talking about a promise  made to Kenny from Menomonee Falls, WI, who spent most of his career in  trucking, paying into a pension fund to safeguard his family's future.  He got a letter notifying him that his pension might be cut by 55  percent. I am talking about promises made to 25,000 retirees and  workers in the State of Wisconsin. They have been living with the fear  and uncertainty of not knowing whether the retirement security they  saved for and sacrificed for, and that their families depend upon, will  be there when they need it.   If Washington does not act, these workers and retirees will face  massive  [[Page S184]]  cuts to their pensions earned over decades of work.   I have been proud to work side by side with Wisconsin retirees and  with Senator Sherrod Brown to introduce the Butch Lewis Act. The bill  will put failing pension plans, including Central States, back on solid  ground to ensure they can meet their commitments to retirees today and  workers in decades to come, and it does so without cutting a single  cent from the benefits retirees have earned.   In the time since Central States submitted its application to the  Treasury Department, I have met with retirees in Milwaukee, Green Bay,  and Endeavor, WI--last week, I was in Brookfield, WI, with many more  than 200 retirees and workers--who are counting on Washington to pass  this bill.   Washington needs to act. We need to pass the Butch Lewis Act, and we  need to do it soon.   I yield the floor.   