 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the  Federal Aviation Administration, or the FAA, Reauthorization Act of  2018. This bill provides needed certainty in aviation and gives the FAA  authority to enhance consumer protections and passenger safety. It also  maintains critical investments that will help to modernize and maintain  our aviation infrastructure.   This agreement is the product of bipartisan negotiations over the  last several months. I am proud to serve on the Commerce Committee,  which played a major role here. I thank Senator Thune and Senator  Nelson for their work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support  it.   Minnesota has a long aviation tradition, from Charles Lindbergh to  our Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. Two years in a row, it  was ranked as the best airport in America. We manufacture jets in  Duluth at Cirrus. We manufacture parachutes that go with those jets in  our State. We have first-rate military training bases for aviation in  Bloomington and in Duluth. We have very strong regional airports,  including Duluth and Rochester, which has recently expanded its  airport. It matters in our State.   For too long, the aviation sector of our economy has had to rely on a  series of short-term extensions. It is not good for workers, and it is  not good for businesses. That is not good for travelers who use our  services. For airports looking to expand or airlines looking to test  new routes, these short-term bills created uncertainty that hampered  growth and prevented new investments.   This 5-year reauthorization bill will provide the long-term stability  needed to encourage investments and help maintain American leadership  in the global aviation marketplace. We know a lot about that in our  State, being a major Delta hub, as well as the home of Sun Country  Airlines. We know the kind of global competition that we are up against  all the time. That is a very important reason for America to be a  leader in aviation and not a follower.   Changes in the airline industry in recent years have drastically  altered the way consumers travel. New fees and complicated itineraries  can make even routine travel confusing and expensive. Thankfully, this  FAA bill builds on important work we have done in past reauthorizations  to strengthen protections for consumers while shopping, booking, and  traveling.   Most people know what it is like to show up to the airport and be  shocked to find out that you have to pay extra for your seat or that  checking a bag is going to cost you an arm and a leg. When consumers  don't have this information up front, they can be left paying hundreds  of dollars in fees they didn't budget for, which can mean the  difference between a family trip being affordable or not.   It isn't just fees. In some instances, online travel websites have  sold unnecessarily complicated passenger itineraries, provided outdated  or incorrect travel information on their websites, and failed to  provide appropriate disclosures for passengers. That is why I worked to  include an amendment to provide a consistent level of consumer  protections, regardless of where the airfares are purchased. This part  of the bill will ensure that, whether a consumer books tickets directly  with an airline or from a third party, the consumer will receive the  same level of price disclosures and customer service.   This was a provision strongly supported by consumer groups because it  is such a problem that there were different types of price disclosures  and customer service, depending on how a consumer booked the flight. It  doesn't matter where you book the flight or how you book the flight,  you should have consumer protection. This bill includes that provision.   This bill will also make important improvements to the passenger  experience on the plane. By directing the FAA to set standards for the  size of airline seats, we will make sure passengers can travel safely  and these seats will not get even smaller than they already are.   The agreement also includes a provision to make clear that once a  passenger has boarded a plane, they can't be involuntarily bumped by an  airline. Passengers deserve to be treated with respect throughout their  entire journey, and this will end the practice of removing paying  customers to accommodate airline employees.   The bill sets new requirements for airlines to promptly return fees  for services, such as seat assignments or early boarding, when these  services are purchased and not received by a customer.   In addition to the strong consumer protections, this bill makes new  infrastructure investments that will help to ensure passengers have a  safe and efficient travel experience.   Smaller regional airports provide a vital link to the rest of the  world for many rural communities. In my State, both residents and  businesses located near these rural airports rely on them to connect to  the Twin Cities and beyond.   The Essential Air Service Program is a critical tool that supports  rural air service. This bill boosts EAS funding to help maintain the  operations of smaller, regional airports across Minnesota and across  our country. Of course, funding alone isn't enough to improve aviation  infrastructure. We need policies that support the unique infrastructure  needs in different regions of the country.   In the 2012 FAA reauthorization, I included a provision to require  that the Department of Transportation give priority review to  construction projects in cold weather States with shorter construction  seasons. For those of us who live in States that happen to have cold  weather and snow, our construction seasons are shorter, and that means  we have less time to work on these projects than maybe they do in Miami  or in California. What we did here was to make sure that the FAA  realized that in how they did grants and how they got these  construction permits approved.   Anyone who has ever been to Northern Minnesota in April or October  understands that our construction season is shorter. There is a reason  we have cold weather testing facilities on the Canadian border in our  State, because that is the coldest conditions you can possibly have for  cars. That makes for this short construction season.   This provision was included again in the current bill, and it will  help to ensure that cold weather States like Minnesota can make the  most out of our limited construction seasons.   The investments made by this bill are an important down payment that  will help to address the growing demand for air transportation. I look  forward to building on the progress made by this bill with bipartisan  infrastructure legislation to support 21st century aviation  infrastructure that is prepared to meet the demands of the 21st century  economy.   I wish to thank my colleagues again for their work on this bill. It  makes  [[Page S6429]]  important advances in security, consumer protections, and  infrastructure development. I was proud to be a part of this, and I  also am glad these provisions I worked hard on are included in the  bill. The aviation industry and American air passengers will be safer  because of this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  agreement so we can pass, finally, a long-term extension into law.   I yield the floor.   