 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Minnesota for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4451, the Homeless  Veterans' Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act.   I thank the gentleman from Ohio, the chair of the House Veterans'  Affairs Health Subcommittee, for partnering with me to introduce this  important legislation.   Our Nation's servicemembers undertake enormous sacrifices every day  to keep us safe, and we must ensure they can smoothly transition back  into civilian life when they come home. Unfortunately, however, too  many of our returning servicemembers are struggling with homelessness.   In 2017, HUD's annual survey found that veteran homelessness  increased by 1.5 percent after years of declining percentages. Los  Angeles County, which I represent a part of, saw a 57 percent increase  in the number of homeless veterans just in the past year.   While our local partners are committed to working together with the  VA and other Federal agencies to ensure all veterans have access to  safe and affordable housing, clearly, we need to be using every tool in  our toolbox to end veteran homelessness completely. That means  supporting both the housing programs and wraparound services necessary  to heal and to house our veterans.   Today's legislation will allow veterans who have struggled with  homelessness to remain eligible for job services while utilizing VA  housing programs. This will help more veterans break the cycle of  homelessness, support themselves and their families, and get back on  their feet.   Again, I thank the chairman for championing this issue together, and  the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans for highlighting this  problem in testimony before the committee, and for their support of the  bill.   I urge my colleagues to support the bill.    Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentleman  from Minnesota for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4334, the Improving  Oversight of Women Veterans' Care Act.   I want to thank my colleague on the committee, the gentleman from  California, for introducing this important legislation to improve the  care we deliver for women veterans.   During my time on this committee, I have made it a special priority  to ensure women veterans have access to high-quality, gender-specific  care in a safe and welcoming environment. This bill will advance that  goal in two important ways.   First, it requires the VA to practice additional oversight on the  community care providers that the VA contracts with and report on the  access women veterans have to gender-specific medical care in the  community. This is especially timely, as the House recently passed a  bipartisan update to the VA's community care programs. As we stand up  the new community care program, we need to do a better job tracking the  quality of care provided to women veterans.   Second, this bill requires the VA to report to Congress on their  compliance with environment of care standards for women veterans.   Too often, we have heard reports of women veterans who experience  issues at VA clinics. A VA Inspector General's report last year found  that up to 20 percent of VA clinics did not meet the VA's own  requirements for protecting the privacy of women veterans. This is  unacceptable. We need to ensure that women veterans are well served, no  matter where they get their care, and this bill will help us get closer  to that goal.   I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I thank the gentleman from  California for his efforts.   