 Mr. Chair, I would like to take this opportunity to  thank the ranking member for her leadership on this issue.   Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act.   H.R. 5735 has a worthy goal. Helping individuals struggling with  addiction to access treatment and recovery services is certainly  important, but despite these intentions, H.R. 5735 has significant  flaws which, in the end, make the bill unworkable.   My primary concern is that H.R. 5735 carves out 10,000 existing  Section 8 vouchers for use in this pilot program without authorizing  new funding for any additional vouchers. This essentially decreases the  number of Section 8 vouchers in circulation and increases wait times  for millions of other households already seeking a voucher. Those  forced to wait will include low-income families, seniors, people with  disabilities, veterans, and those experiencing homelessness.   You cannot just change words in the law. You need to open your  checking account or your checkbook.   Currently, only one in four households who are eligible for Federal  affordable housing assistance receive it. In New York City, we have  more than 150,000 people waiting for a voucher.   While I fully support helping all people with substance abuse  disorders and recognize the important role affordable housing plays in  an individual's recovery process, providing affordable housing for  individuals with substance use disorders should not come at the expense  of others in need.   HUD's Affordable Housing and Section 8 programs are woefully  underfunded. Instead of providing Section 8 vouchers to just those with  substance use disorders, we should be providing significantly more  resources and expanding the Section 8 program to help all those in  need.   Additionally, this bill places arbitrary time limits on the  individuals participating in the demonstration program. This is  counterproductive and out of step with other existing supportive  housing programs.   Finally, while H.R. 5735 seeks to help individuals suffering from  substance use disorders, it does nothing to address the fact that many  people with these disorders lose their housing because of the harsh  eviction policies in Federal housing assistance programs.  [[Page H5177]]    I support the ranking member in her continued effort to ensure those  individuals with substance use disorders face fairer eviction  procedures and ban one strike policies that cause tenants to lose their  assistance for a single incident of drug use.    Mr. Chair, again, H.R. 5735 has a worthy goal.  However, this bill is plagued with a number of problems, and I urge my  colleagues to oppose it unless you provide the resources to make this  legislation work.   