 Mr. President, these are the names of 17 children who  were killed with guns in my State. I will read their first names only  because it makes us remember they could be anyone's children.   Lisa Marie, age 15; William Robert, age 15; Anthony, age 16; Jacob  Alexander, age 14; Joseph Anthony, age 17; Terrell, age 3; Joshua  Albert, age 15; Alisha, age 17; Jesse, age 18; Cedric, age 18; Darion  Joseph, age 15; Justin Daniel, age 17; Jennifer Ellen, age 17; David  Andre, age 17; Tabitha Lee, age 16; Terrence, age 16; Anthony Michael,  age 3.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, today I wish to discuss the Economic  Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.   While I would welcome regulatory reform for the small banks and  credit unions in Minnesota that didn't cause the financial crisis, I'm  concerned that this bill is a missed opportunity to improve consumer  protection and that it reduces the regulatory oversight of larger  banks, which could increase systemic risk in the financial system and  put taxpayers on the hook for future bailouts.   I have long believed that Minnesota's community banks and credit  unions play a vital role in our communities and are deserving of  regulatory relief. I was one of the first Democrats to support  legislative action in past Congresses and helped develop and champion  numerous proposals for reform for the community banks and credit  unions.   Unfortunately, title IV of the bill, especially section 401, which  raises the asset threshold for enhanced supervision from $50 billion  all the way to $250 billion, goes too far and threatens to increase  systemic risk. The community banks and credit unions in Minnesota with  which I have spoken in recent weeks have acknowledged they would have  preferred a bill that was limited to regulation that directly affected  them, and I would have welcomed the opportunity to cast a vote in favor  of such a bill, but I will not vote in favor of this bill.   Thank you.   