 Mr. Speaker, thank you, and I thank my dear friend, Paul  Tonko, who loved Louise like no one else in this Chamber, for arranging  this for us tonight.   Tom Jones had a song, ``She's a Lady.'' Louise Slaughter was that  lady, except none of the other lyrics of that song were appropriate for  Louise. She was a lady who was tough as nails, with a steel backbone  and a sharp and very funny tongue.   There are many people I like in our Chamber, few I truly love. I  loved Louise Slaughter.   Members come and go and hardly leave a footprint around here, even  Members who have served long periods of time. That is not true about  Louise.   I still did it today. I walk onto this floor seeking her out. I look  at C-SPAN and expect to see her presenting another cogent argument on  the inane closed rule offered by the other side. There is a void in  this Chamber with her passing, but her footprints are everywhere.   Louise distinguished herself in so many issues and in so many ways:  the first woman, as we have said over and over again, to represent  western New York; the first woman to chair the Rules Committee.   Now, as an 88-year-old woman, she was chairing this committee into  the wee hours of the morning, day after day, and never lost a beat.   She is one of the longest serving Members. She is the only  microbiologist. She was responsible for creating the first $500 million  set-aside for breast cancer research. She created the Office of  Research on Women's Health, and she is responsible for the passage of  the STOCK Act.   Mr. Speaker, and to our leader, Nancy Pelosi, I hope that we take the  time to name the STOCK Act after Louise Slaughter.   Louise and I spent wonderful evenings together with Paul Tonko and  Marcy Kaptur at dinner at the National Democratic Club. She kept us in  stitches. She did not suffer fools gladly, and she would see a phony $2  bill of a Member on the floor and not mince words.    She also taught me to speak Southern. She taught me that you should  say ``bless your sweet heart,'' which really meant, ``move over,''  expletive deleted.   I will always remember her lying peacefully in the hospital, with  perfectly coifed hair, as only a lady would have, and a faint smile on  her face. I like to think that she was smiling because she left this  world with her boots on. She was still fighting for her constituents,  taking her last breaths with dignity, strength, elegance, and at peace,  with her three daughters looking on with love and admiration.   Louise, you are now with your beloved Bob. We all here, including  your extraordinary staff who is seated here in the Chamber, are  heartbroken. We are, frankly, still in shock. But we are deeply  grateful to have known and to love you.   God bless you always.   