 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and for his leadership--particularly, his responsible  leadership--as the ranking member of the Defense Appropriations  Subcommittee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the political gambit that  the Republican leadership is pulling today.   Virtually identical versions of the Defense Appropriations bill we  are considering have already passed the House twice. The Republican  majority is so bankrupt of ideas that they are now going around in  circles playing political games.   As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I strongly support  moving appropriations bills through the committee and to the floor  through regular order. I applaud all of my committee colleagues on both  sides of the aisle for working in good faith on all 12 appropriations  bills.   But the appropriations process has been hijacked by Republican  leadership and the rightwing ideologues who now run the House.  Regardless of the outcome of today's vote, all appropriations bills  will remain stuck in the swamp that is this Republican Congress.   The reason for this holdup is that Republican so-called leaders have  refused to work across the aisle toward an agreement on a budget that  would prevent the gutting of investments in vital national priorities:  from education to infrastructure, from healthcare to housing, from  diplomacy to defense.   We need to provide our military with the resources they need. There  is no question about that. Instead, the Republican majority is using  the brave servicemen and -women who defend our Nation as pawns in a  partisan crusade that would undermine the nation our troops are  defending.   The stated Republican rationale for their intransigence is that they  are concerned about the deficit, yet these are the same Republicans who  voted to explode the deficit by more than $1.5 trillion in order to  give a huge tax cut to big corporations and the top 1 percent.   As each day passes, it becomes more and more clear that the  priorities of the Republican majority are backward and immoral.   Instead of expanding access to affordable healthcare, Republicans  tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act and leave millions uninsured.   Instead of investing in the middle class, Republicans gave a huge tax  giveaway to those who have turned their backs on the middle class.   Instead of building on bipartisan efforts to advance reasonable  reforms to our immigration system, Republicans are trying to tear apart  families and close the door on aspiring Americans.   Instead of responsibly funding national priorities, Republicans are  playing political games to distract from their failure to govern.   Instead of investing in all of our people, Republicans are pitting us  against each other to deflect the blame from where it belongs--with the  party who controls both Houses of Congress and the White House.   This is no way to keep the state of our union safe. This is no way to  keep the state of our union strong.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this political charade.  Let's work together to invest in all of our national priorities and  make the state of our union more perfect.   