 Mr. Speaker, Groundhog Day isn't until Friday, but here  we are again, voting for the third time in 7 months on a Defense bill  that will go in the hole--nowhere. We are 9 days out from the threat of  another shutdown and 4 months into the fiscal year of 2018, which  started last October 1, yet we still have no budget framework from our  Republican friends and their so-called leadership, nothing to direct  appropriators on what numbers from which to negotiate funding for the  entirety of the government--not just Defense, not just this account.   Instead, Republican leadership wastes important, precious time to  debate a bill that has already passed this Chamber twice before.  Meanwhile, our Republican colleagues force the entire government to run  on autopilot for over a third of the fiscal year and trumpet their  claim that only they prioritize the military.   How can anyone take this seriously?   Republicans have provided no overall roadmap of a funding strategy  for the Federal Government. They failed to agree within their own  caucus on funding priorities, leaving them incapable to even begin to  negotiate with Democrats. As a result, law dictates a defense funding  level of $549 billion. That is a lot of money. Half a trillion. But  here we are debating, for the third time, an astounding $659 billion  for defense. That is $110 billion more. Hmm.  [[Page H722]]    We can all agree that funding defense is a priority, but so are  pensions, community health centers, Federal workforce training, the  opioid crisis, keeping our waters clean, domestic security. Well, the  list goes on, and each deserves attention.   Why are we voting again on a lopsided bill that blows up budget caps  when there are so many other bipartisan priorities?   This is a partisan sideshow that attempts to mask Republican Party  dysfunction. This is not leadership.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to once again oppose  this partisan talking point and demand action on an agreement to fund  the entire government for the remaining part of this fiscal year. We  have little more than a week to secure a plan for the remainder of  2018, but it may be a road too far if Republicans don't come to the  table to talk among themselves seriously and then be willing to  negotiate with this side of the aisle.   