 Mr. Speaker, like the ranking member, I oppose this  bill. It does not meet the standards that we should have for adhering  to the Constitution.   Now, this is a confusing debate in some ways because what is it we  are talking about?   We are all against terrorism, and we have authorized the collection  of data of terrorists communicating with each other. In section 702, if  they communicate with somebody here, we can collect that, too.   But because of the architecture of the internet, we are collecting  vast amounts--we can't go into the numbers here in open session--vast  amounts of data. It is not metadata; it is content. It is the content  of your phone calls, content of your emails, and the content of your  text messages and video messages. Under section 702, you can search  that for Americans for crimes that have nothing to do with terrorism.  We should change that.   As Judge Poe has said, you need a warrant to go after Americans for a  nonterrorism crime. There is a reason why a left-right coalition--the  NAACP and FreedomWorks, Color of Change and Gun Owners of America--has  joined together on the same point of view. We should stand up for the  privacy rights of Americans and reject this bill and have a warrant  requirement for searching for the information of Americans that is in  this vast database.   Just one further point: The very weak predicate criminal  investigation trigger for a warrant which is at the end of the  investigation would apply only to the FBI. So if you are the ATF, you  would never have to get a warrant. If you were the DEA, you would never  have to get a warrant. This bill is inadequate, and it ought to be  defeated.    Mr. Speaker, it is important that we pass this  amendment. The government conducts 702 searches and broadly defines  foreign intelligence investigations that may have no nexus to national  security, and we are using this database for just criminal  investigations that are domestic.   When you say ``incidental collection,'' it sounds like it is not  much. Well, the fact is it is a huge amount of data in its content.  What this amendment says is: if you are going to search for the  information of an American who has been collected in that database and  it is not terrorism but domestic criminal investigation, get a warrant.  Get a warrant. That is what the Fourth Amendment requires.   Now, I took exception to the comment that 702 would go dark. We know  that this existing FISA order goes through April, so the 702 program is  not going dark. We have time to do this right. We have time to make  sure that the Fourth Amendment is adhered to in the reauthorization of  702. Put the ``foreign'' back in the FISA bill.   