 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in favor of the Reed- Warren amendment.   For months, I have been voicing concerns about the Trump  administration's dangerous plans to develop new, more usable low-yield  nuclear weapons. Specifically, this Defense bill authorizes the  Pentagon to begin developing a new low-yield warhead, which the Trump  administration wants to put on our Nation's submarine-launched  ballistic missiles. I think this decision is strategically unwise for  many reasons.   I am concerned about discrimination and the risk of rapid escalation  into a nuclear conflict. As many experts have publicly suggested,  Russia may not be able to distinguish between an incoming Trident  missile that poses an existential threat to their nation and a low- yield nuclear missile that is intended to serve as more of a warning.  That may be a risk this administration is willing to take, but it is  not one I can support.   I am also not convinced that additional low-yield nuclear weapons are  necessary for deterrence. Let's be clear. Together with our allies, the  United States brings overwhelming nonnuclear coercive power to the  table, but beyond that, the United States already possesses a  significant low-yield nuclear arsenal. In fact, we are in the process  of spending billions of dollars to upgrade our delivery systems in  order to ensure that our flexible deterrent is capable of reaching  anyplace, anytime.   I am troubled by the message that developing new nuclear weapons  variants sends to the world about America's commitment to  nonproliferation. Our credibility to negotiate with other countries,  like North Korea, to demand that it reduce its nuclear arsenal,  depends, in part, on the fact that we have long been committed to  reducing our own. We must not do anything to jeopardize that progress.   That is not what this amendment is all about. In fact, I offered an  amendment in committee to fence the funding for low-yield SLBM until we  can better understand the impact of this new weapon on our Navy and on  our obligations as a steward of nonproliferation around the world, but  my amendment was not successful.   I understand that some of our military leaders, and some Members of  my own party, genuinely believe this new low-yield weapon is necessary.  I know my colleagues approach this seriously, and I know people with  good intentions can disagree, but that is exactly the purpose of this  Reed-Warren amendment. The point is, we should be having this debate  right here in Congress. That is where the debate belongs.   The impact of the underlying provision currently in the Defense bill  is that the Pentagon will not need to come to Congress to ask for  permission to develop a new low-yield nuclear weapon in the future.  Instead, they can merely notify that they intend to do so and then  proceed on their own. If this Defense bill passes in its current form,  Congress will have lost our best opportunity to have a say in how they  will develop it, what it will cost, or how and where it will be  deployed.   The argument in favor of the existing provision is that low-yield  nuclear weapons should be treated ``just like any other weapon,'' but I  would say this to my colleagues: That is not the case. As Secretary  Mattis has said, there is no such thing as a ``tactical'' nuclear  weapon and ``any nuclear weapon used any time is a strategic game- changer.'' The truth is, nuclear weapons are not like other weapons,  and we should not treat them that way. We should all be able to agree  that nuclear weapons are in their own class, and they deserve special  scrutiny by Congress.   In fact, we have faced this very question before. Fifteen years ago,  there was a similar effort to take Congress out of the debate and out  of any question about the use of nuclear weapons. In that case,  Senators John Warner and Jack Reed offered a bipartisan compromise  proposal that said the executive branch could only go forward in the  development of new nuclear weapons with explicit authorization from  Congress. That proposal passed unanimously, 96 to 0, including votes  from 10 of our Republican colleagues who still sit in the Senate today.   The provision in the underlying Defense bill would gut that  bipartisan agreement, an agreement that has held for more than 15  years. It was offered at the eleventh hour, behind closed doors, and on  a party-line vote.   In contrast, the amendment offered by Senator Reed today is  consistent with that compromise, and a vote for the Reed-Warren  amendment is a vote to sustain that bipartisan consensus.   Regardless of what you think about the development and use of low- yield nuclear weapons, as a Member of the Senate, you should vote to  have a voice in that process. That is what the American people sent us  here to do, and that is what we owe them.   I would like to thank Senator Reed for his decades of bipartisan  leadership  [[Page S3879]]  in this area, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the Reed- Warren amendment.   I yield back my time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Yes, I do.   