 Mr. Chairman, I have an  amendment at the desk.  [[Page H6532]]     Mr. Chair, my amendment  increases funding for community development financial institutions,  CDFIs.   CDFIs are critical to New Mexican communities because they provide  financial products like loans, investments, and tax credits to  underserved communities, including poor, rural, and Tribal areas.   This helps New Mexican entrepreneurs obtain capital to start and grow  small businesses. It enables pueblos to build housing, and it provides  access to economic development opportunities for rural communities  throughout my State.   There are currently 19 CDFIs in New Mexico, which have received $48  million in Federal grants since 1996. In total, CDFIs have provided  14,700 loans worth more than $830 million for New Mexico communities,  organizations, and individuals. On average, every dollar in CDFI  funding can be leveraged for 12 times that amount.   It should come as no surprise just how critical this funding is for  the economic development of my State, which is still struggling to  recover from the recession.   For example, when no other lenders would give them a loan, the  Clinica la Esperanza in the South Valley received a $31,000 loan from  the Accion CDFI to provide much-needed primary care to residents in the  South Valley. A few years later, the clinic received an additional  $76,000 from Accion to move to a larger location in order to serve a  larger client base of 3,800 patients.   Another example of CDFI lending is Tiwa Lending Services, which  provides loans and financial education to the Pueblo of Isleta and  other surrounding Native American communities.   And just last month, Clearinghouse CDFI received a $3.2 million grant  to build affordable housing in several States, including New Mexico.   Mr. Chairman, the evidence is clear. CDFIs have proven to be  successful drivers of economic growth and development in underserved  areas. They create jobs, provide American opportunity, and stimulate  growth.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to increase funding for  CDFIs to help spur economic development in communities throughout the  country.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   