 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5509, the Innovations in  Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act. I thank Majority Leader  McCarthy for introducing this good legislation. In the interest of  time, I will be placing extended remarks in the Record today.   I rise in support of H.R. 5509, the Innovations in Mentoring,  Training, and Apprenticeships Act. I thank Majority Leader McCarthy for  introducing this good legislation.   Building a STEM workforce that can meet the demands of our  continually evolving economy is one of the most pressing challenges we  face today. With a persistent and widening STEM skills gap, companies  in all sectors continue to struggle to meet their needs for skilled  technical workers. We must do more to ensure we are preparing a  workforce that can keep pace with these demands, and not just in the  near term.   Apprenticeships are a promising approach to bridging this gap. By  investing in education and on-the-job training for their workers,  employers can develop a workforce equipped with skills tailored to  their specific needs. After completing an apprenticeship program,  workers are on the path to a long-term, well-paying career.   H.R. 5509 directs the National Science Foundation to provide grants  for developing or improving associate, certificate, and applied  learning programs at community colleges and universities in partnership  with employers. This bill also directs NSF to support research on the  skilled technical labor market. These are important steps in the right  direction.   In order to build a strong skilled technical workforce we must do  more to expand access to these careers. Women make up nearly half of  the workforce but only 6 percent of apprentices. I am glad this bill  highlights the need for better outreach and I look forward to exploring  what more can be done to ensure women and other underrepresented  minorities have the  [[Page H10419]]  same opportunities to benefit from apprenticeships.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 7, the NASA Enhanced Use Leasing  Extension Act of 2018. In the interest of time, I will be placing  extended remarks in the Record. Let me just say that this is a  commonsense bill to extend an authority that helps NASA more  efficiently manage its assets.   I rise in support of S.7, the ``NASA Enhanced Use Lease Extension Act  of 2018''.   Enhanced use leasing, or ``EUL'' allows the National Aeronautics and  Space Administration--NASA--to enter into agreements with state and  local governments, academia, private sector entities, and other Federal  government agencies to lease non-excess and underutilized properties at  NASA.   NASA's EUL authority allows the agency to accept lease revenues, in  turn helping NASA to reduce operating costs and make improvements to  facility conditions. The EUL authority helps NASA manage the agency's  real property, including the preservation of underutilized or unique,  historic properties. According to NASA, in Fiscal Year 2017, five NASA  Centers used enhanced use leasing resulting in a total of approximately  $5.4 million in net revenue for the agency.   Congress granted NASA authority to demonstrate enhanced use leasing  at two NASA Field Centers as part the Fiscal Year 2003 Consolidated  Appropriations Resolution. The Fiscal Year 2009 Omnibus Appropriations  Act expanded the authority to agency-wide use. Since then, the  authority has been amended in 2008, and further amended in 2012 to  allow NASA to accept in-kind considerations for leases for the purpose  of developing renewable energy production facilities.   The NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017--Public Law 115-10-- extended NASA's EUL authority until December 31, 2018.   The bill we are considering today provides a clean one-year extension  until December 31, 2019. This extension will allow NASA to continue  existing EUL arrangements and to make progress on developing new  arrangements that are currently underway.   I urge my colleagues to pass S.7, the ``NASA Enhanced Use Lease  Extension Act of 2018.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2200, the National Integrated  Drought Information System Reauthorization Act of 2018.   The NIDIS program has grown tremendously since its creation in 2006,  and this reauthorization will aid in continuing its mission to provide  a drought early warning system by coordinating and integrating drought  research through key Federal, State, local, and Tribal partnerships.   This bill also includes a reauthorization of the Harmful Algal Bloom  and Hypoxia Research and Control Act, which Senator Nelson and I  introduced this Congress with bipartisan support.   This bill provides valuable resources to better understand, detect,  assess, monitor, and respond to both marine and freshwater harmful  algal blooms and hypoxia events.   Updating this program and investing in research on harmful algal  blooms and hypoxia will help Oregonians and people across the country  who are facing the dangerous effects of exposure to harmful algal  blooms in drinking water sources, oceans, and lakes.   Recently, we have seen harmful algal blooms cut off access to clean  drinking water for residents of Salem, Oregon, and they have stifled  recreational activities on the Willamette River. Harmful algal blooms  in the marine environment produce dangerous toxins that make Oregon's  prized Dungeness crabs toxic and deprive fishing communities of income.   As co-chair of both the House Oceans Caucus and the House Estuary  Caucus, I am pleased to reauthorize the research programs that help us  better predict and guard against harmful algal blooms in marine and  freshwater systems.   Additionally, this bill contains provisions to reauthorize funding  for programs from the Weather Research and Forecasting and Innovation  Act of 2017, which I fully support.   Other language in this bill regarding NOAA's Earth prediction  innovation center, computing resources, and our next-generation  satellite architecture, though valuable, is completely new to this body  and is deserving of robust, discussion which has been missing.   Though I am supportive of the NIDIS, the algal blooms bill, and the  Weather Act programs that are reauthorized in this legislation, I would  like to note that we have not had a hearing, a markup, or any  substantive discussion of these programs in the House of  Representatives this Congress.   These critical issues do warrant such discussion, given the number of  Americans affected by either drought or toxic algal blooms and hypoxia  events, and all Americans benefit from NOAA programs that provide  timely and accurate forecasts.   I look forward to the Science, Space, and Technology Committee  providing a forum to discuss these significant issues next Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I do thank Chairman Smith. I have been on the Science,  Space, and Technology Committee my entire time in Congress, and I thank  him for his years of leadership and service to the committee.    Even though Chairman Smith and I have not always agreed on every  issue, he has been always willing to listen and to work with me and my  colleagues on my side of the aisle on bills like the Weather Research  and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017, which we worked on for several  years together and is now law.   So, again, I thank Chairman Smith for his years of service to the  committee. I wish him well in the new chapter of his life.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   