 Mr. Speaker, I must say, I was not expecting what just  happened. I want to thank the gentlewoman from California, my beloved  friend of almost over three decades--in having the deep respect I have  for her in her own life before she came to Congress and now as the  ranking member on the Financial Services Committee; a very difficult  position to hold--for taking this opportunity so late in the evening to  commemorate my tenure here in our magnificent U.S. House of  Representatives.   Mr. Speaker, I thank every single Member who has come down.   Obviously this is Women's History Month, and we had this announcement  today, and I happened to be the victim of it.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the people of Ohio's Ninth Congressional  District for believing in me throughout my political career, for  teaching me, for helping me to learn more and to understand the  travails and the possibilities that were in their minds and hearts. I  thank them so very much for that.   As with anyone, we all have our faults and human limitations, but, to  the best of our ability, we have tried to uphold the Constitution and  to help the American people.   I think back to my very first term in Congress, beginning in 1983.  There was a great Congressman from Florida, Claude Pepper. I can still  see him down in the well. Probably the most important vote I cast in my  first few months in Congress was the refinancing of Social Security.  What a great leader he was. Probably not originally from the liberal  wing of our party, yet liberals and conservatives came together to do  what was right in resecuring Social Security for the next generation.  [[Page H1600]]    Congressman Levin came to the floor with a spark plug. Our fight has  always been to define where our jobs went, and we began to track places  where we saw production move beyond our ability to restrain. Places  such as I represent became hollowed out in many corners of our  community. Since the early 1980s until today, this country has not been  able to balance its trade accounts or to write trade agreements that  were truly fair, as Congressman Levin has referenced. So we hemorrhage  at the rate of over half a trillion dollars a year, almost $600 billion  annually, because we can't get other markets open, and they take it out  of the hides of our people and our communities here in this country.   So if we go back to the 1980s. If you really look at when the numbers  began to change, it is not hard to understand why the American people  are unsettled and frustrated because of what has happened with the  economy.   As I said in remarks earlier today, I was taught by a very great  professor of economics at the University of Wisconsin many years ago  that economics is not destiny, but it is 85 percent of it. If you  really think about that, what we have endured over the last period of  my service, three decades--going on four decades almost, we have seen  this transformation in production platforms.   Unfortunately, with NAFTA on this continent, as we struggle to find a  solution to the immigration issue, the reciprocal of NAFTA in Mexico  was the upending of millions of small farmers, millions and millions of  people who lived at the poverty level, but they had some way to eke out  a living. And when their corn market was destroyed after NAFTA's  passage in 1993, it took about a decade; but every year, hundreds of  thousands of people lost their livelihood. They were desperate,  desperate people.   What are they going to do?   Our grandparents fled to this country from what was greater Poland at  the turn of the 20th century because they couldn't feed themselves.   It is the same reason the Irish came, right?   We look at what happened in Mexico as the flip side of NAFTA. We have  never been able to fix that as a continent.   Are our leaders that stupid that we really can't face the music and  develop adjustment provisions, as Europe did when it brought in Spain  and Portugal?   So we look back to the basis, the root of why things have happened  and hurt the American people, and we can understand their frustration.  So I think I have been a voice for that. It is a problem we haven't  fixed yet, but it is one that we need to attend to very carefully,  because the American people have paid the price of, really, policies  that went awry.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman Waters for surprising me.  She and I have fought so hard on prudent lending, prudent banking, and  we have served here long enough to see when it wasn't, and when greed  took over a gambling mentality rather than a prudent banking mentality,  what it did to this country and how hard it was to pick up the pieces.   African Americans lost half of their accumulated wealth after 2008,  half, since the founding of the Republic. The pain in those communities  is not over. Maybe somebody from Wall Street might tune us in and hear  that, but I want to tell them that it isn't fixed yet.   What has happened in many places such as I represent, predatory  lenders have moved in, auto title loan companies, scam artists, who are  making terrible, terrible exploitative deals with these individuals who  simply don't know what those agreements they are signing mean. That is  wrong.   If we look at the Latino community, they lost one-third of their  accumulated wealth in the financial crash of 2008. And then for those  who were the remaining Caucasians and other parts of our population,  they lost about one-fifth of their wealth. It was extraordinary loss of  capital, of money, of property value that belonged to them.   So sometimes, though, we try, but we can't always fix what is wrong.  As we look to the future, our primary responsibility here is to defend  liberty, as Congressmen Takano and Levin and Congresswoman Speier and  so many others who came down here this evening talked about.   I feel very privileged to work with my colleagues in defending  liberty and making sure we have the strongest defense in the world, and  try to help those countries that are now being invaded by the Russian  Federation, whose citizens simply want to be free and to have a decent  life.   Mr. Speaker, I note that one of our colleagues has come to the floor,  and I don't want to deny him any ability to speak. Congressman Soto and  I have worked so much on issues of concern to Florida and Puerto Rico  and, obviously, trying to fix the bad gerrymandering that happened  around the country, so I want to acknowledge his presence here this  evening.   I thank all of my beloved colleagues for this great honor.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my family; my brother, Steven, who is doing  extremely well after a very serious illness and coming back to us. It  means so very much to me. I am hoping he is listening tonight. In  memory of all of our family members and my godchildren, some of whom  were here today, and all of the people who helped me along the way,  there is just no way to properly thank them except to keep trying to do  a very good job and to meet the unaddressed needs of this great, great  Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Waters so very much for this great  surprise and for being my friend.   