 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  honor the incredible men and women of our Nation's law enforcement  agencies and to recognize the ultimate sacrifice of one of North  Dakota's peace officers. Each year, peace officers from all over the  country and from countries all over the world come to Washington, DC,  to celebrate and to honor the lives of their colleagues who have lost  their lives in the line of duty.   I want first to recognize several law enforcement officers that lost  their lives in the line of duty last year who do not always get the  recognition or the honor they deserve, and those are our Federal and  Tribal peace officers. They protect our homeland, they protect our  borders and, in the case of Tribal police, they provide safety and  security in Indian Country in some of the most remote and difficult  places in the Nation.   This year, eight Federal law enforcement officers' names were again  etched in the wall: Rickey O'Donald, Federal Bureau of Investigation;  Isaac Morales, U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Rogelio Martinez,  U.S. Customs and Border Protection; David John Hoefler, U.S. Department  of Transportation; Kenneth Doyle, U.S. Marshals Service; Houston James  Largo, Navajo Nation; Uga'Shon Curtis Wayne Blackbird, Omaha Nation;  and Nathan Bradford Graves, Sac and Fox Nation.   To these Federal and Tribal officers whom we lost last year in the  line of duty, may God bless you and may God bless your families.   The men and women who serve as peace officers in our Tribal, Federal,  State, and local law enforcement agencies selflessly put the lives of  those they have taken an oath to protect and serve before their own  lives. I am here not only to remember those peace officers whom we have  lost but to thank each and every peace officer who puts on that uniform  or badge every day to protect our communities.   I wish to recognize briefly a few law enforcement officers I have  come to know well during my time in the Senate: the southwest border  sheriffs--in particular, Cochise County, AZ, sheriff Mark Dannels and  Yuma County sheriff Leon Wilmot--and Macon County, IL, sheriff Howard  Buffet. They are not only outstanding law enforcement officials, but  they have become great friends, great mentors, and a great source of  advice and consent on how we can work better here in Washington, DC,  not only on the border but across agencies in law enforcement.   As a former North Dakota attorney general, I have always had a  special relationship and appreciation for law enforcement. Serving as  the top law enforcement officer in my State will always be one of the  most meaningful moments of my professional career. North Dakota has the  finest collection of peace officers in the country, and I could not be  more proud than to continue to work alongside them as their U.S.  Senator.   I am here to thank each and every one of the peace officers who  selflessly serve in communities throughout North Dakota and to let you  know that I just don't appreciate you during police week. I appreciate  you 24/7 because I know you are protecting the people of my great  State, and you are doing it at great risk to you and at great sacrifice  to your families.   So today I come with a heavy heart. This is now the second police  week in a row that I have attended where I am memorializing a North  Dakota peace  [[Page S2717]]  officer. Today, I am speaking of a North Dakota peace officer who was  killed in the line of duty--Rolette County deputy Colt Allery. He lost  his life on January 18, 2017, during a high-speed chase that Colt was  engaged in with several of his fellow officers that evening after a  report and identification of a stolen vehicle. As the stolen vehicle  was coming to a forced stop, shots were fired from the car and fired at  Colt as he approached. Colt fell, and he never got back up that  evening, succumbing to his injuries not far from the small community  where he grew up.   He leaves behind five beautiful young children, including a  stepdaughter, his fiancee Alexandria, the grandparents who raised him,  family, friends, and a community that misses him and still grieves at  the loss.   Growing up in St. John, ND, and as an enrolled member of the Turtle  Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians, Colt never strayed too far from  home. He made a commitment to do more than just be part of his  community. He decided to serve his community as a peace officer.   Colt started out as a corrections officer for Rolette County. After  graduating from the North Dakota Law Enforcement Training Academy, he  started working as an officer with the Rolla Police Department. He then  went to work serving his fellow Tribal members as a Tribal police  officer on Turtle Mountain before he recently moved back to the Rolette  County Sheriff's Office.   The loss of this fine young peace officer and young dad was felt  across the entire State of North Dakota. The impacts are still felt by  his family, the Rolette County Sheriff's Office, and his Tribal  community of Turtle Mountain. Colt made the ultimate sacrifice in  service to his State and to Rolette County. He lost his life to a  gunshot wound inflicted by an individual prepared to take even more  lives. The brave action of this peace officer that night prevented that  from happening.   Deputy Colt Allery's name is now etched on the wall of the peace  officers memorial here in Washington, DC. He is no longer just a North  Dakota fallen hero. He is a national fallen hero, as he is recognized  with all of his fallen brothers and officers.   Colt Allery's name will now serve as an example, not just to North  Dakotans but to people from all over the country and all over the world  who visit that memorial every year. He is an example of the best that  our State and our country has to offer. He is an example of what it  means to have lived and died so that others may be safe. Quite simply,  he is an example for everyone of what it means to be an everyday hero.   We must also remember the families of our peace officers, who  sacrifice so much, not knowing if their loved ones will return each  time they walk out the door. You have sacrificed and lost so much, and  no words today will replace the pain of losing a loved one.   We have a proud history in North Dakota of peace officers like Colt  serving their State and local communities with distinction. I have had  the extreme privilege over the years to work with law enforcement  officials in my State who span the spectrum from highway patrol to  State and local peace officers, various Federal officers, and certainly  our Tribal police. Let me tell you again that these are some of the  finest men and women I have ever met or worked with. These are men and  women just like Colt who could have chosen a different path. They could  have chosen a path that didn't involve putting themselves in harm's  way. Instead they chose to take the oath to protect and serve. They  chose to selflessly put themselves in harm's way so they could make  North Dakota a safer place for each and every person that lives in our  great State or even those who may be passing through. They chose to put  the needs of others before their own. They chose a more difficult path  to tread than most of us would ever be willing to follow.   So I stand here this evening not only to celebrate the life of Colt  Allery but to celebrate and thank each and every peace officer working  in my great State of North Dakota, working across the country, and,  yes, across the world.   To all of our peace officers, especially those back home in North  Dakota, I want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for your  sacrifice for your communities and the State of North Dakota. I beg you  to stay safe. I beg you to take care of yourselves. Take care of your  families. And God bless all of you.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   