 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today on two matters. I wish to  begin by expressing my opposition to the nomination of Thomas Farr to  the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina.   As a Senator from a State with a tradition of high voter turnout--in  fact, in the last Presidential election, with the highest voter turnout  in the country--in the election a few weeks ago, nearly 64 percent of  Minnesota voters cast their ballot. This isn't just registered voters;  it is eligible voters. We are talking about an issue that, in my State  and in so many places around the country, is fundamental to our  democracy--access to the polls. It is the central pillar of our  democracy. If people can't vote, they can't have a say and we don't  have a real democracy. It is that simple. That is why I am here to  voice my opposition to Thomas Farr--because of his long record of  defending discriminatory voting laws and redistricting plans.   In North Carolina, Mr. Farr defended one of the most restrictive  voting laws that we have seen, which, in addition to establishing a  discriminatory voter ID requirement, eliminated same-day voter  registration.   By the way, I have spent a lot of time on this and have a bill to  institute this across the country. Same-day voter registration is  really the key. When you look at the top 10 States for voter turnout-- some are red, some are blue, some are purple--what do they have in  common? They have same-day registration. It makes it easier for people  to vote. As long as they can prove where they live--with a neighbor,  with a gas bill, you name it--they are able to register that day. That  is the key when you look at all the numbers.   What did Mr. Farr do? He actually defended one of the most  restrictive voting laws, eliminating same-day voter registration. He  reduced early voting and did away with voter registration for 16- and  17-year-olds. How did he do it? He did it by defending those laws.   When the law was challenged in court, the Fourth Circuit Court of  Appeals found that it was enacted with the intent to discriminate  against minority voters. In its ruling, the court said that the law  targeted minority voters. This is a quote from the circuit court, which  is actually one of the more conservative circuits. They said that they  did it with ``almost surgical precision.''   Mr. Farr also defended North Carolina's redistricting plan against  claims that it used race as the predominant consideration in drawing  two congressional districts. A district court found that the plan  constituted an unconstitutional racial gerrymander. The case went all  the way to the Supreme Court, which agreed with the district court's  decision.   So you don't have just one incident of someone maybe getting on a  legal brief or writing something or doing a law review article or  writing a paper in college or in high school. This is a long,  consistent, systematic record of defending discriminatory voting  schemes. And I say ``schemes'' because that is what they are. They are  done with the intention to discriminate against people of color.   We should be making it easier to vote in our elections, not harder.  That is why I am introducing legislation to automatically register  eligible voters when they turn 18. That would be so easy. We wouldn't  have to have all these fights all the time. We have modern-day  technology that lets my hometown company of Target find a pair of shoes  with a SKU number in Hawaii. There is no reason we can't go through the  records and make sure we simply register people who are legal to vote  when they turn 18.   It is not just Mr. Farr's work in the courts that is concerning; I am  also troubled by his involvement in a political campaign that was  accused of engaging in tactics to discourage, once again, African  Americans from voting. The Department of Justice's Civil Rights  Division filed a complaint alleging that the campaign Mr. Farr worked  on sent tens of thousands of postcards to heavily African-American  districts intended to intimidate voters. According to a former  Department of Justice official who investigated the campaign's alleged  voter-intimidation tactics, Mr. Farr's answers to the Judiciary  Committee denying his involvement were ``contrary to the facts.''   Finally, I would like to remind my colleagues about the history of  this vacancy. The Eastern District of North Carolina is 27 percent  African American; yet the district has never had an African-American  Federal judge. Before Mr. Farr was nominated, two other nominees were  submitted to the Senate during the previous administration. Both of  those nominees were African-American women. Neither of those nominees  received a vote.   Our courts must be dedicated to upholding the law, including  safeguarding citizens' constitutional rights to vote. The future of our  democracy depends on it.   I am opposing this nomination.   