 Mr. Speaker, Congress' number one responsibility is to  provide for the defense of this Nation, and this agreement enables us  to fulfill that most fundamental constitutional duty.   This bill reflects the needs of our defense and intelligence experts  so that they have the resources needed to combat the threats of today  and in the future. In order to do this, this bill focuses on readiness,  modernization, and innovation. With these funds, our military can begin  to rebuild after 16 years of war. The needs are great.   We also include a 2.4 percent pay raise authorized for our troops  with our appreciation for what they do.   For procurement, the bill increases investment in ground vehicles,  aircraft, ships, munitions, and other equipment. Secretary Mattis has  said he never wants our enemies to face a fair fight, and this bill  ensures our enemies will face a strong and ready U.S. military.   It makes investments in vital aircraft, including Joint Strike  Fighters, Super Hornets, Apaches, Chinooks, Lakotas, V-22 Ospreys,  Black Hawks, and C-130s. For the Navy, it funds 14 Navy ships,  including one carrier replacement, three littoral combat ships, two  guided missiles destroyers, two attack submarines, and funding to  continue the Ohio Replacement Submarine program.   The National Guard is critical to our national security. This  agreement provides six C-130 aircraft, 20 Black Hawk helicopters, and  funding for the Army National Guard for support on the southwest  border, additional funding for Army National Guard cyber protection  teams, and $1.3 billion for the National Guard and Reserve equipment  account.   Our military must be ready for future threats. The Department of  Defense must look 5, 10, and 20 years ahead to make sure we have the  weapons systems we need. That is why this agreement also prioritizes  research and development, including next generation space systems and  future ballistic missile defense programs.   Last, after talking with Secretary Mattis, we included new  flexibility for DOD to ensure that their funds were able to be spent in  the smartest way possible while still maintaining stringent  congressional oversight.   