 Mr. President, I come to speak tonight because I did  not support the Coast Guard bill as it came out of committee. We wanted  to see changes to it, and the legislation that was brought up and the  final language on Monday night gave our colleagues very little time to  consider it.   Washington State is very proud of the rich maritime heritage the  Coast Guard provides, and our fishermen, Tribes, shipbuilders, sea  trade, and thriving coastal tourism all count on us to work together  for our maritime economy.   Thousands of Pacific Northwest fishermen call Washington State home,  with over 35,000 Washington State jobs supported by Alaska fisheries.  The ports of Tacoma and Seattle are combined to be the fourth largest  container gateway in the United States.   The Coast Guard plays a pivotal role in national security, in  fishing, in overseeing and, in many ways, keeping our waterways safe.  That is why we would love to see a Coast Guard bill which moves forward  without the controversial pieces of language that are included.   I know many of my colleagues have thought this is a way to get our  colleagues from the Midwest, and other places, to just swallow  wholesale huge changes that could cost our economy billions of  dollars--such as the zebra mussel, which alone would cost $6.4 billion  a year, and an ecosystem full of rampant and sometimes toxic algae  growth, which would and destroy recreation. This is from a letter  regarding the Coast Guard Authorization Act.   I would like to see us move forward tonight on the things we can  agree on--Why? Because I know these things are important as well--and  continue to work on a resolution for some of the thornier issues that  still remain.   I would like to see us move forward. I would like to see a  recapitalization of the Coast Guard icebreaker and Polar Star. The  Polar Star is homeported in Seattle and is operational only for our  heavy icebreaker capabilities.   This bill also includes language to improve the Coast Guard oversight  of ships that pose an oilspill risk, which is a constant threat to us  in Puget Sound and throughout the West, given the large amount of oil  traffic that comes through Puget Sound out our strait.   The bill also includes language to strengthen paid family leave  policies at the Coast Guard. We just had the commandant nominee before  the Commerce Committee. One of the reasons I questioned him on the paid  family leave strategies and moving forward is that I want to give him  every tool to continue to keep the workforce of women that they have in  the Coast Guard. His commitment to me is that they would love to see  this strengthened paid family leave policy in the underlying Coast  Guard bill. Why not give that to them tonight? Our Coast Guard families  should not be forced to choose between serving their country and  supporting their families, and this bill would be a good step forward.   Lastly, this bill includes bipartisan language that would help us  protect shipyard jobs by making sure we fix the problem related to  Dakota Creek and also making sure our permanent fishing vessel  exemptions would be allowed in this legislation.   I know we face challenges on continued definitions of best  technology. But that is better than having a definition that exists in  the underlying bill, which I think we should separate the good policy  from, that would really make no indication or an economic analysis that  would leave us with the Great Lakes, and many areas, without the kind  of clean water that will allow us to continue to do good science and  good fishery policy in that area of the United States.   I hope we can move forward on the policies that my colleagues know we  can get agreement on. I just heard the debate between the majority  leader and Senator Schumer, so I understand there is an objection to  moving the Coast Guard bill.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague, who I know  considers the efforts of the Commerce Committee as great, hard work,  and I appreciate his hard work. As I mentioned, I did not support the  bill as it came out of committee.   I know there are things we are trying to work on to keep this process  moving. But I would say to my colleague, the small vessel discharge  bill has been something that has been part of an exemption process  related to this for a long time. It has been considered many times  over. Our fishermen need the certainty of this.    Mr. President, I see my colleague from the Midwest is  on the floor, and I am sure he has something to say about this. But I  would just say to the chairman of the Commerce Committee: You are  right. Years and years of discussion about ballast water has been a  challenge.   The question tonight is whether we are going to hold up other  legislation just to get that language or to push through a proposal  that really doesn't give security for our waters not to be polluted or  to be greatly impacted or to threaten the sea life and the  opportunities for a vibrant waterway in many parts of the country.   All I am trying to do, as I have always tried to do, is be  constructive in the process--both in the Commerce Committee with this  issue and for the very issues that affect the Coast Guard and the  Pacific Northwest.   I know this will not be the last time we hear about the fishing  vessel issue. I am sure we will hear about it many times because it has  been on the calendar. So we will continue this discussion, but I thank  him for at least coming here tonight to discuss these issues. There are  other issues that are being held up as hostage in this legislation, and  they shouldn't be held hostage.    I yield the floor.   