 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I stand today in support of my  colleague from Maryland as the 36th State to ratify the Equal Rights  Amendment. I couldn't agree more. I think it is time to eradicate  discrimination of any kind, so I commend my colleague for standing up  today and for his comments.   Mr. President, I stand to talk about an issue that continues in our  communities, and it is the issue of housing discrimination.   I recently read an article from the Center for Investigative  Journalism about a young woman named Rachelle. At the time, Rachelle  was in her early thirties and living in Philadelphia. She was making  $60,000 a year as a contractor at Rutgers University. She had savings,  good credit, and an undergraduate degree from Northwestern.   When she first went to apply for a home loan, she thought she would  be the perfect applicant. On paper, it seemed that way, but a few weeks  later, she received an email informing her that her application had  been denied.   In the email her broker told her that because she was a contractor  and not a full-time employee, her application was too risky for the  bank to approve. She was at a loss. She had been planning to purchase a  home for years and thought she had done everything right. She then  asked her partner, Hanako, to sign on to the application with her. At  the time, Hanako was working a few hours a week at the grocery store  making $300 a month. That is about $3,600 a year. Hanako tried calling  the bank to speak to a loan officer about the application, and to  Rachelle's surprise, the loan officer picked up. He was attentive,  helpful, and friendly to Hanako. A few weeks later, he approved the  couple's loan.   This makes no sense, right? Rachelle was making an income in the  upper five figures, $60,000 a year. She was the one with good credit,  and she was the one paying for Hanako's health insurance. The  difference here was that Rachelle was Black.   This story did not take place in 1930, when it was legal for housing  lenders to discriminate on the basis of race. It did not take place in  1968, the year banks were formally banned from using race as a factor  in deciding home loan applications. It took place less than 2 years  ago, in 2016.   Today, 50 years after the passage of the Fair Housing Act, stories  like Rachelle's are all too common. For any person of color who has  tried to navigate the housing market, Rachelle's experience is a case  of deja vu.   We now know that Rachelle was the victim of redlining. ``Redlining''  is a term that describes the practice of denying goods or services to  people on the basis of the color of their skin.   The term originated in the 1930s, when redlining was the official  policy of the Federal Housing Administration. Back then, Federal  officials divvied up cities and assigned a color to each neighborhood.  The color system was supposed to help mortgage lenders know where to  invest. Green and blue neighborhoods were home to desirable borrowers  with good credit. Yellow or red meant risky borrowers lived here so  don't invest. The practice became known as redlining because the FHA  would draw red lines on city maps to designate ``bad'' neighborhoods.  For the FHA, a bad neighborhood was defined by the color of one's skin.   Redlining was banned in the 1960s, but as we learn from stories like  Rachelle's, the practice still goes on under the radar; so much so that  in 1975, Congress passed the Housing Mortgage Disclosure Act--HMDA--to  help regulators identify when it was going on, but even with the new  requirements, redlining continued.   Then, in the 1990s, the financial industry began selling something  called the subprime loan. Subprime loans have high fees, adjustable  interest rates, and payment shocks--characteristics that made them  extremely dangerous. People who weren't approved for traditional loans  were offered subprime loans instead.   In 2008, when the market crashed, subprime loan holders saw their  interest rates skyrocket. They suddenly became unable to afford to stay  in their homes. Who do you think was most likely to hold one of these  so-called subprime mortgages? People living in redlined neighborhoods,  people of color, people who had been denied access to traditional  loans.   My home State of Nevada was one of the hardest hit States in the  country by the financial crisis. We had the highest foreclosure rates  for 62 straight months. We had the most number of underwater mortgages,  and over 219,000 families lost their homes.   Anyone driving through parts of Las Vegas and Reno in 2009 could see  boarded up houses, for sale signs, and empty lots everywhere. On many  streets, you would see more houses in foreclosure than not, and while  all neighborhoods suffered, African-American, Latino, and Asian-Pacific  Islander communities were hit the hardest. Entire neighborhoods were  hollowed out. Trillions of dollars were lost.   I was the attorney general of Nevada at this time. We did everything  we could to fight for homeowners and help them stay in their homes. As  this was going on, I asked myself: How could this happen? The Federal  Government was supposed to regulate these banks. Where were they? Why  didn't they put a stop to these practices before it all came crashing  down? The Federal Government was supposed to be the watchdog, but they  were letting banks write their own rules.   As attorney general of Nevada, I sued the big banks for their  fraudulent practices and secured over $1.9 billion to help homeowners  in my State.  [[Page S1541]]    In 2010, Federal lawmakers passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform  and Consumer Protection Act to ensure that what we saw in 2008 would  never happen again. The bill was not perfect, but it did a lot of  things right.   It strengthened oversight of the big banks. It made the big banks  undergo stress tests and develop bankruptcy plans, and it also  strengthened HMDA, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. It strengthened  reporting requirements to help regulators fight back against  discriminatory, racist, redlining practices.   Banks say they don't treat borrowers differently, but the data shows  us that is a different story. Redlining remains a major problem for  communities of color.   The legislation we are now considering, S. 2155, would roll back Wall  Street reform. It includes a section, section 104, that would repeal  many of the reporting requirements we added after the financial crisis  to prevent housing discrimination. Some rural and low-income census  tracks are predominantly served by small lenders.   If this specific loan data is removed from them, government  officials, researchers, and the public will not have information on the  quality of loans made, nor will they know about the credit scores of  the borrowers or even a way to easily track the loans after they are  sold to investors.   When I was attorney general, I needed the information on the quality  of the loans in the State to protect consumers. Where were the teaser  rates and what was the reset? Who were the homeowners who might not be  ready to pay $20,000 more on their monthly mortgages? These were the  questions I had with no data. With everything we saw 10 years ago, I  cannot now believe we are considering restricting access to this kind  of data--the kind of data that is important to prevent housing  discrimination.   I have seen what happens when we don't have strong enough protections  against housing discrimination. This is why I have submitted an  amendment to strike section 104 to preserve access to data we need.  With better information and protections, we could have prevented a  crisis in which 12 million people lost their jobs, in which the banks  took the homes of more than 7 million people.   Let's not take away access to this information. Let's not make the  same mistakes we made 10 years ago. I urge my colleagues to join me.  Vote for fairness, vote for equality, vote for inclusion. Vote for  everyone who got burned by the big banks. Vote for folks like Rachelle  who just needed a break, who just needed a fair mortgage loan so they  could buy their first home. Support my amendment to prevent loan and  housing discrimination, to protect the access to data and to protect  the progress we made under Wall Street reform.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   