 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, there is one standard we should all  apply to any nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court--honesty. While some  [[Page S6669]]  have chosen not to apply that standard to Judge Kavanaugh, I must. At  the very least, we should expect a nominee for our highest Court to be  honest.   I do not believe Judge Kavanaugh has met this standard. In fact,  there is a long record of this nominee not being truthful when he came  before the Senate Judiciary Committee. I don't believe he was truthful  in his 2006 testimony before the Senate, just as I don't believe he was  honest in 2018.   Last week, I joined millions of Americans in watching Dr. Christine  Blasey Ford's powerful testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee,  in which she credibly presented serious and deeply disturbing  allegations of sexual assault. I have deep respect for the strength and  courage she has shown in coming forward and putting her own safety and  that of her family on the line to do the right thing. To me, Dr. Blasey  Ford was honest, and I believe her.   I supported the call for the White House to reopen the FBI background  investigation of Judge Kavanaugh. Dr. Blasey Ford did too. However, in  his testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee, Judge Kavanaugh  repeatedly refused to support such an investigation by the FBI.   It is clear to me that the White House and the Senate Republicans  severely limited what could have been a full and independent review by  the FBI of the credible allegations against the Supreme Court nominee.  The fact is, White House and Senate Republicans would not allow the FBI  to interview Dr. Blasey Ford, Judge Kavanaugh, and a number of  witnesses who came forward publicly. That is simply wrong.   It is also wrong to be moving forward on a Supreme Court nominee who  so clearly lacks the honesty and judicial temperament we would expect  of someone serving on our Nation's highest Court.   Let us not ignore what we all witnessed at last week's Judiciary  Committee hearing. We saw a stark contrast between two witnesses. Dr.  Ford was honest, credible, respectful, and thoughtful. On the other  hand, Judge Kavanaugh was not honest about a number of things he was  questioned about, and he did not provide truthful testimony. What he  did provide were aggressively angry, political attacks that prove he  lacks the judicial temperament to serve on America's highest Court.  Even before Judge Kavanaugh's recent hearing, I did not believe he  would be an independent judge.   Powerful special interests in Washington handpicked him and have used  their massive, dark money resources to push his nomination forward. I  can only conclude that Judge Kavanaugh would work for them and not the  people of Wisconsin or our Nation. It is no wonder Judge Kavanaugh is  the choice of these powerful, wealthy, corporate special interests.  They want to ensure that they maintain the majority on the Supreme  Court that will rule on their issues and in their favor.   As my colleague and Judiciary Committee member Senator Whitehouse has  described in great detail, since 2006, the five conservative Justices  have joined together 73 times as a bare majority in 5-to-4 rulings in  favor of big special interests. These decisions have turned back  progress on voting rights, environmental protection, and have allowed  corporations to discriminate against workers.   Judge Kavanaugh's record shows he will advance this troubling trend  when the people of Wisconsin need a fair, impartial, and independent  Supreme Court Justice who will stand up for them, not just for big,  powerful special interests.   At a time when so many in Washington are working to overturn the law  of the land that helps provide affordable healthcare to 133 million  Americans with preexisting conditions, including more than 2 million  Wisconsinites, we cannot afford a nominee who would serve as the  deciding vote to take us back to the days when powerful insurance  companies wrote the rules.   The President vowed to appoint judges to the Supreme Court who would  overturn the law of the land, Roe v. Wade, and I take him at his word.  Judge Kavanaugh is his choice for a lifetime appointment that would  turn back the clock on a woman's constitutional right and freedom to  make her own healthcare choices, including access to birth control.   I also have serious concerns about Judge Kavanaugh's belief that a  President should be protected from investigations and subpoenas and  indictments. We have an ongoing national security investigation by the  special counsel looking into Russia's attack on our democracy, criminal  conspiracy, and potential obstruction of justice.   Particularly after his highly partisan testimony before the Judiciary  Committee, I do not trust Judge Kavanaugh to provide the independence  we need on our Supreme Court at this time. When Judge Kavanaugh was  nominated, I reviewed his record and opposed his nomination because the  stakes are too high for the American people. They do not want a Supreme  Court to advance a political agenda to overturn the law of the land on  healthcare for people with preexisting conditions, women's reproductive  health, and the constitutional rights and freedoms of all Americans.   I truly wish I had been granted the opportunity to discuss these  important issues with Judge Kavanaugh before this vote, but after seven  requests to the White House for a meeting with this nominee, they did  not grant me the opportunity to talk to Judge Kavanaugh.   The people of Wisconsin need a fair, impartial, and independent  Supreme Court Justice. Based on everything we know, I do not have the  confidence Judge Kavanaugh would be that Justice, and I will vote no on  his confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   