 Madam President, I join many of my colleagues in  voicing my strong opposition to S. 2311, the 20-week abortion ban bill.  This legislation puts political ideology ahead of women's health and  tramples on women's constitutional rights.   First, the 20-week abortion ban intrudes on private healthcare  decisions. Reproductive health choices are highly personal and  individualized and should be left squarely in the hands of women in  consultation with their physician, healthcare team, and loved ones. S.  2311 violates this principle by subjecting private healthcare choices  to an arbitrary and unscientific blanket ban.   Second, the 20-week abortion ban violates the longstanding  constitutional right to terminate a pregnancy. In 1973, a 7-2 majority  of the U.S. Supreme Court held in Roe v. Wade that the constitutional  right to privacy includes the right to terminate a pregnancy. Since  then, the U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly rejected bans on abortions  before viability, which generally occurs well after 20 weeks of  pregnancy. Today, 7 in 10 Americans support upholding Roe v. Wade.   A diverse coalition of Americans--including physicians, civil rights  advocates, and faith organizations--has come out against this  legislation for a number of reasons. The American Congress of  Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American College of  [[Page S537]]  Nurse-Midwives, for instance, have said that the legislation ``. . .  would dictate how physicians should care for their patients based on  inaccurate and unscientific claims.'' The American Civil Liberties  Union has said this legislation ``. . . directly contradicts  longstanding precedent holding that a woman should `be free from  unwarranted governmental intrusion' when deciding whether to continue  or terminate a pre-viability pregnancy.'' And Three dozen faith-based  organizations have written in opposition to this legislation, saying,  ``The proper role of government in the United States is not to  privilege one set of religious views over others but to protect each  person's right and ability to make decisions according to their own  beliefs and values.''   We should be working to open up access to reproductive healthcare for  more women and families, not fewer. Effective family planning services,  including birth control, have a proven record of boosting health and  economic mobility while reducing unwanted pregnancies.   The U.S. Senate has urgent priorities to address. We should not be  wasting time on another misguided attempt to take away women's  healthcare and constitutional rights. I strongly oppose S. 2311.   