 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution  1012, I call up the bill (H.R. 6199) to amend the Internal Revenue Code  of 1986 to include certain over-the-counter medical products as  qualified medical expenses, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend  their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under  consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to come to the floor today to speak in  support of the Restoring Access to Medication and Modernizing Health  Savings Account Act of 2018.   This legislation makes a variety of simple but much-need changes to  health savings accounts, or HSAs, rules to ensure that folks have more  access and choice when using their HSAs.   This bill contains five separate bipartisan pieces of legislation  that passed the Ways and Means Committee earlier this month. It  includes a bipartisan policy by Mr. Roskam and Mr. Thompson that would  allow HSA-eligible plans to offer a certain amount of first-dollar  coverage in their plan design without losing their HSA-eligibility.  This allows HSA plans to offer coverage for valuable services like  telehealth or primary care appointments without a deductible.   The bill permits patients with HSAs to access the innovative and  patient-centered direct primary care arrangements with HSA plans,  provisions championed by the bipartisan team of Mr. Paulsen and Mr.  Blumenauer.   The bill also allows coverage for certain medical services from a  retail or onsite clinic and permits contributions to an HSA if their  spouse has a health FSA, which is prohibited today.   Another commonsense provision in the bill allows rollovers from other  tax-advantaged health accounts to be able to fund HSAs. These proposals  were included in Mr. Kelly and Mr. Blumenauer's bipartisan legislation.   Additionally, this bill contains the PHIT Act, introduced in a  bipartisan manner by Mr. Jason Smith and Mr. Kind, that would allow  certain qualified fitness expenses to be eligible items that can be  paid for with tax-advantaged dollars, offsetting a portion of their  costs and promoting healthy activity.   Lastly, this legislation repeals the Affordable Care Act's  unnecessary barriers when it comes to using tax-advantaged health  accounts to purchase over-the-counter medicines, something that I have  been pleased to work on with my good friend Congressman Kind for the  last several years, and I am encouraged that the bipartisan duo of  Representatives Meng and Paulsen have also joined us in introducing the  underlying legislation.   In addition to expanding access for over-the-counter medication, the  bill also allows for feminine hygiene products to be considered a  qualified medical expense.   Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, Americans have had to  seek prescriptions in order to use their health savings and flexible  spending accounts on safe and effective over-the-counter medicines.  This legislation would end the need for those prescriptions.   It doesn't make any sense to require the millions of American  families that use HSAs and FSAs to manage their healthcare needs to go  to the doctor in order to access over-the-counter medicines for things  like basic pain management and cold and allergy symptoms.   Nobody benefits from this nonsensical policy that requires consumers  to jump through unnecessary hoops and increases the burdens on the  healthcare system, all while providing no medical benefit. Over-the- counter medicines are often the frontline treatment for many common  illnesses and for maintenance of chronic diseases, and they should be  treated as medically reimbursable healthcare therapies, just as  prescription medications.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House is considering H.R. 6199, which  gives individuals and families more control over their healthcare  spending and increases their options when it comes to health savings  accounts.   Today marks a nice opportunity to pass bipartisan legislation to  simply make it easier for consumers to meet their basic medical needs.  These are commonsense, simple, bipartisan solutions, and I urge my  colleagues to support this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Rice), a distinguished member of the  House Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend's point of  view on the other side of the aisle. Mr. Kind and I have worked really  hard on this legislation for many years. I want to, for the Record,  just remind folks that this bill is simply allowing people to keep more  of their hard-earned money.   Letting people keep their own money is not government spending that  needs to be offset. Each of these bills contained in this package were  authored with our Democratic colleagues without an offset. Each of  these bills went through committee, with bipartisan support, without an  offset. It is ironic that Democrats want to, all of a sudden, claim to  be fiscally conservative.   This is the same Democratic Party that passed the stimulus in 2009.  Remember, that bill added nearly $800 billion to the deficit.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Kelly), a real leader on these issues on the House Committee on  Ways and Means.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Estes), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Roskam), who has provided great leadership  in this area.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Paulsen), who has worked tirelessly in  this area.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of  my time.   Mr. Speaker, we have heard my friends on the other side of the aisle  suggest here, this afternoon, this bill might, in some way, hurt people  with preexisting conditions. However, we know that is simply not true.  This bill doesn't touch preexisting conditions. It doesn't raise costs  or premiums on families. And it doesn't take away anyone's choice of a  healthcare plan.   Millions of Americans use tax-advantage healthcare accounts to save  and pay for healthcare expenses. In fact, there are twice as many  Americans with an HSA than those who get coverage on the Affordable  Care Act's exchanges. Almost 22 million people had an HSA in 2017, and  there is only about 10 million people enrolled on the exchanges in  2018. Forty-four percent of all civilian workers had access to a health  flexible spending arrangement in 2017.   The provisions in this bill allow more things to be paid for out of  these accounts, like over-the-counter drugs, feminine products, and  fitness activities. This means people are paying less because they are  able to use pre-tax dollars or take a deduction for their contribution.   As a reminder, the policies in the bill are all bipartisan. We have  worked together to write and advance them.   This bill helps middle class families afford their healthcare  expenses, and I hope my colleagues will continue to support this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time   