 Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening to  share my thoughts on what has been an extraordinarily long, difficult,  and truly painful process.   As we took up the cloture motion on the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh  to the U.S. Supreme Court, the process that led us to this vote today  has been, in my view, a horrible process, a gut-wrenching process,  where good people--good people--have been needlessly hurt, where a  woman who never sought the public spotlight was, I think, cruelly  thrust into the brightest of spotlights; a good man--a good man--with  sterling academic credentials, an unblemished professional record, both  as the professional lawyer and judge that he was and also as a husband  and father of two young girls, has been damaged--damaged terribly.   As both of these individuals, Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh, have been  harmed, their families have, too, and we need to, we must, do better by  them. We must do better as a legislative branch. We have an obligation,  a moral obligation, to do better than this.   I have spent more time evaluating and considering the nomination of  Judge Kavanaugh than I have any of the previous nominations to the U.S.  Supreme Court that I have been privileged to review. I have had the  opportunity to vote on five Justices prior to this, and I took my time.  I was deliberate; I was thoughtful. Some accused me of being too  deliberate, too thoughtful, taking too much time, but this is important  to me. It should be important to all of us, and I know it is important  to all of us.   I studied the record. I sat with Judge Kavanaugh for a lengthy period  of time--about an hour and a half--and asked the questions that I had,  and then I did more due diligence, reviewed the cases, and did my  homework, listened to the concerns that were raised by many in my State  on issues that were all over the board, whether it was a woman's right  to choose, whether it was the Affordable Care Act, whether it was  Executive authority, deference to the agencies, Native issues. I took  considerable time.   When the hearings came, not being on the Judiciary Committee, I paid  attention. I followed the testimony of the judge, the very critical  questioning from many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle,  and then at the end of the process--or, seemingly, what we believed to  be the end of the process--there were more questions. I went back to  Judge Kavanaugh and had a good conversation with him.   Then the allegations that we have been discussing and trying to  understand more about came forward, and we all moved from focusing on  the issues to truly a discussion that none of us ever thought we would  be having when it came to a confirmation process for someone to the  highest Court in the land.   There was more work to be done. I was one who wanted to make sure  there was a process going forward, and when there were more questions  that were raised after the initial process, I was one who joined in  asking that the FBI step in and do further review.   I have been engaged in this lengthy and deliberative process for  months now, and I was truly leaning toward supporting Judge Kavanaugh  in his nomination as I looked to that record. But we know that in our  role of advice and consent, it is not just the record itself. There is  more that is attached to it. It is why, when in the State of Alaska,  nominations for judges go forward, you rate them not only on their  professional competence--what they have demonstrated through their  record--but also on matters of temperament and demeanor, which are  very, very important.   So we moved--we shifted--that conversation from so many of the issues  that I had been focused on to other areas that are also important in  evaluating a nominee for the courts. But I listened very carefully to  the remarks, the strong, well-articulated remarks, of my colleague and  my friend who sits next to me here, Senator Collins, and I found that I  agreed with many of the points that she raised on the floor earlier.   I do not think that Judge Kavanaugh will be a vote to overturn Roe v.  Wade, and I also join with her in saying that I do not think that  protections for those with preexisting conditions will be at risk.   I also do not think that he will be a threat to Alaska Natives. This  was an issue that certainly had been raised, but I had an extended  conversation with the judge on just these issues, and I believe that he  recognizes, as he told me, that Alaska Natives are not in a place  identical to Native Hawaiians. Alaskan Tribes are included on the list  of federally recognized tribes, and the fact remains that Native  Hawaiians are not. This is a distinction; this is a difference.   I am one in this body who has said that I would like to see Native  Hawaiians there, and I worked with my friend Senator Akaka when he was  in this body to help advance that; I supported that. But the fact  remains that the constitutional status of Alaska Natives and the Indian  Commerce Clause are simply not at play with this nomination. I don't  believe that. So the question is fairly asked: Do you think he is going  to be there on issues that matter to Alaskans, that you have taken  strong positions on?   The reason I could not support Judge Kavanaugh in this cloture motion  this afternoon is that in my role, in my responsibility as one Senator  on this floor, I take this obligation that we have in the role of  advice and consent as seriously as anything that I am obligated or  privileged to be able to vote on. I have a very high standard. I have a  very high bar for any nominee to the Supreme Court of the United  States.   The Code of Judicial Conduct rule 1.2--this is one that many, many  people in this body know--states that a ``judge shall act at all times  in a manner that promotes public confidence and the independence,  integrity, and impartiality of the judiciary and shall avoid  impropriety and the appearance of impropriety.''   I go back, and I look to that. It is pretty high; it is really high:  A judge shall act at all times--not just sometimes, when you are  wearing your robe, but a judge should act at all times in a manner that  promotes public confidence--public confidence. Where is the public  confidence?   So it is high, and even in the face of the worst thing that could  happen, a sexual assault allegation, even in the face of an overly and  overtly--overtly--political process, politicized process, and even when  one side of this Chamber is absolutely dead set on defeating his  nomination from the very  [[Page S6605]]  get-go, before he was even named, even in these situations, the  standard is that a judge must act at all times in a manner that  promotes public confidence in the independence, integrity, and  impartiality of the judiciary and avoid impropriety and the appearance  of impropriety.   After the hearing that we all watched last week, last Thursday, it  became clear to me--or was becoming clearer--that the appearance of  impropriety has become unavoidable.   I have been deliberating, agonizing, about what is fair. Is this too  unfair a burden to place on somebody who is dealing with the worst, the  most horrific, allegations that go to your integrity, that go to  everything you are?   I think we all struggle with how we would respond, but I am reminded  that there are only nine seats on the Bench of the highest Court in the  land, and these seats are occupied by these men and women for their  lifetime. So those who seek one of these seats must meet the highest  standards in all respects at all times, and that is hard.   We are in a time when many in this country have lost faith in the  Executive branch, and it is not just with this administration. We saw  much of that in the last as well.   Here in Congress, many around the country have just given up on us.  They have completely said: We have had enough. But I maintain that the  public still views--I still view--that there is some small shred of  hope that remains with our judiciary, this judiciary that must be  perceived as independent, as nonpartisan, as fair and balanced in order  for our form of government to function.   It is that hope--it is that hope--that I seek to maintain, and I  think that is why I have demanded such a high standard to maintain or  regain that public confidence because it is so critical that we have  that public confidence in at least one of our three branches of  government.   I think we saw from the vote earlier today and we have seen from the  statements of several of our colleagues that it does appear that Judge  Kavanaugh will be seated on the Supreme Court without my vote. It is my  hope--it is truly my hope--that Judge Kavanaugh will share that same  hope of rebuilding, maintaining a level of public confidence, that he  will strive for that ideal every day. It is my hope that he will be  that neutral arbiter, the umpire who calls only the balls and the  strikes, and that he will be that force for stability.   I believe that Judge Kavanaugh is a good man. He is a good man. He is  clearly a learned judge, but in my conscience--because how I have to  vote at the end of the day with my conscience--I could not conclude  that he is the right person for the Court at this time.   This decision has been agonizing for me. It is as hard a choice,  probably as close a call as any that I can ever remember, and I hope--I  hope and I pray--that we don't find ourselves in this situation again.   But I am worried. I am really worried that this will become the new  normal, where we find new and even more creative ways to tear one  another down, and good people are just going to say: Forget it. It is       not worth it.   I am looking at some of the comments and the statements that are  being made against me and against my good friend, my dear friend from  Maine--the hateful, aggressive, truly, truly awful manner in which so  many are acting now. This is not who we are. This is not who we should  be. This is not who we raised our children to be.   So as we move forward, again, through a very difficult time for this  body and for this country, I want to urge us to a place where we are  able to engage in that civil discourse that the Senate is supposed to  be all about--that we show respect for one another's views and  differences and that when a hard vote is taken, there is a level of  respect for the decision that each of us makes.   There is something else that I do hope. Again, I refer to my friend  from Maine. I will note that if there has been a silver lining in these  bitter weeks--which, quite honestly, remains to be seen--I do think  what we have seen is a recognition by both sides that we must do more  to protect and prevent sexual assault and help the victims of these  assaults.   There has been a national discussion. There has been an outpouring of  discussions, conversations, fears, tears, frustration, and rage. There  is an emotion that really has been unleashed in these recent weeks, and  these are discussions that we need to have as a country.   We need to bring these survivors to a place where they feel they can  heal, but until they come out of the shadows and do so without shame,  it is pretty hard to heal.   I have met with so many survivors, and I know that every single one  of us has. I have heard from colleagues as they shared with me that  they have been truly surprised--many stunned--by what they are learning  is the prevalence of this, unfortunately, in our society today.   In Alaska and, as the Presiding Officer knows, in his State, the  levels of sexual assault we see within our Native American and Alaskan  Native communities are incredibly devastating. It is not something that  we can say we will get to tomorrow. We heard those voices, and I hope  that we have all learned something. We owe it to the victims of sexual  assault to do more and to do better and to do it now, with them.   I am going to close. I truly hope that we can be at a place where we  can move forward in a manner that shows greater respect, greater  comity. We owe it to the people of America to return to a less  rancorous confirmation process.   In the spirit of that comity--and again, while I voted no on cloture  today and I will be a no tomorrow--I will in the final tally be asked  to be recorded as present, and I do this because a friend, a colleague  of ours, is in Montana this evening, and tomorrow, at just about the  same hour that we are going to be voting, he is going to be walking his  daughter down the aisle, and he will not be present to vote. So I have  extended this as a courtesy to my friend. It will not change the  outcome of the vote, but I do hope that it reminds us that we can take  very small steps to be gracious with one another and maybe those small  gracious steps can lead to more.   I know that as hard as these matters are that we deal with, we are  human and we have families that we love. We don't spend nearly enough  time with them. I am sure we can do one small thing to make that family  a little bit better. That is a better way for tomorrow.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, my friend, the Senator from Montana,  Senator Daines who is walking his daughter down the aisle this  afternoon, if he were present and voting, he would have voted aye. I  have voted no. The pair will not change the outcome of the vote. I  therefore withdraw my vote.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has that right.   