 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my  amendment, which would increase the funding for competitive grants to  preserve the sites and stories of the civil rights movement by $2.5  million.   My district, the Seventh Congressional District, is also known as the  Civil Rights District. Many historic events, from the bombing of the  16th Street Baptist Church, to the Children's March, to the Montgomery  bus boycott, to Bloody Sunday, all took place in my district.   These events are of national significance, and we are fortunate that  the National Park Service is working with States, local communities,  and nonprofits to preserve and interpret these stories. I am so  grateful that the National Park Service has a strong presence in my  district, and I have seen firsthand that they not only preserve the  sites and stories of our great American history, but they also bring  economic revitalization to the communities.   In my hometown of Selma, Alabama, the National Park Service Selma  Interpretive Center brings tourism dollars to a rural Black Belt county  that would otherwise not have such economic development.   In Birmingham, the civil rights monument is already playing a  critical role in the downtown redevelopment. In fact, for every dollar  invested in the national parks, $10 is generated in national economic  activity.   The National Park Service also supports more than a quarter million  private sector jobs. Therefore, I believe that making a small,  additional investment in the Historic Preservation Fund will yield  great dividends and results in economic revitalization in communities  across this country.   The civil rights preservation fund has benefited civil rights sites  from Iowa, to Nevada, to Massachusetts, and beyond. Grant projects from  these additional funds would help provide for interpretation,  education, surveys, oral history documentation, as well as physical  preservation. It will also help lesser known civil rights sites get  known.   The National Park Service's own 2008 study found that civil rights  history and landmarks are underrepresented in the National Park System,  so this grant will also give us an opportunity to increase the amount  of money and funds that we give for historic preservation of civil  rights sites.   From reconstruction, to the era of Jim Crow, to the birth of the  civil rights movement, to the current struggle for equality and  justice, there is so much history that deserves to be preserved and  interpreted for the benefit of future generations.   I want to thank the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Calvert, and  the ranking member, Ms. McCollum, for their help in preserving civil  rights sites all across the United States. Now is the time to do that  preservation.   Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina  (Mr. Clyburn), my friend, the Democratic assistant leader, who will  also support increasing the Historic Preservation Fund.    Madam Chair, I want to personally thank  Chairman Calvert as well as Ranking Member McCollum for working closely  with me on this amendment.   Madam Chair, I urge all my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise today as a supporter and  cosponsor of this amendment, which would add $2 million for the  Historic Preservation Fund grants for Historically Black Colleges and  Universities.   HBCUs have always been a hub for bright, young African Americans to  come together and to promote both individual development and community  development.   These institutions are national treasures, and their legacy and  history deserves to be protected for the benefit of future generations.  The Historic Preservation Fund grants for HBCUs are a perfect tool to  help these institutions protect their historic civil rights sites and  buildings, and I look forward to continuing to work with the 14 HBCUs  in my home State of Alabama to seek these funds.   Madam Chair, I again thank Assistant Leader Clyburn for his  leadership on this matter over the years. I thank him for the  opportunity to speak on this amendment. I also thank the chairman and  ranking member.   