 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R.  6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, a bipartisan bill to  address opioid addiction and other forms of substance abuse.   A comprehensive, common-sense, and compassionate approach to  substance use disorders is long overdue. For far too long, many  communities throughout the United States have been devastated by  substance use disorders. However, despite the widespread suffering that  millions of people--particularly African Americans during the crack  cocaine epidemic--endured and still endure today, our federal, state,  and local governments, in many instances, have pursued punitive  measures in lieu of effective solutions to ensure that all communities  can adequately heal from the devastating impacts of addiction.   I am especially pleased that this bill now includes my amendment to  the House version of H.R. 6, which requires the Department of Health  and Human Services (HHS) to conduct a review of the organizations,  government agencies, and other entities that receive federal funding to  provide substance use disorder treatment services. In addition, the  amendment directs HHS to develop, and submit to Congress, a plan to  direct appropriate resources to address the inadequacies in services or  funding identified through the review.   I am also pleased that this bill addresses concerns that I raised  about the opioid legislation in the House that allowed states to use  Medicaid funds to provide treatment to persons with opioid use  disorders in Institutions for Mental Disease (IMDs), but did not allow  similar treatment for persons with other types of substance use  disorders. In order to seriously address substance use disorders in  communities throughout the United States, it is critical that we  include persons who suffer from all types of substance use disorders,  including those that involve alcohol, cocaine, and methamphetamine, as  well as opioids.   I offered an amendment to the legislation in the House aimed at  addressing my concern about the exclusion of non-opioid forms of  substance use disorders from treatment in IMDs. While my amendment was  not accepted, I am pleased that efforts were made to address my  concern. The final version of H.R. 6 allows states to provide Medicaid  coverage in IMDs for persons with all types of substance use disorders  and also includes safeguards to ensure that states do not reduce the  availability of community-based treatment for persons suffering from  substance use disorders.   While I appreciate the work that has been done on many components of  this bill, I still have some important concerns. As the Ranking Member  of the House Committee on Financial Services, which has jurisdiction  over housing programs, I am concerned that this bill falls short when  it comes to providing housing for people with substance use disorders.  The bill includes a provision that creates a new grant program to  provide temporary housing assistance to help people with substance use  disorders, but this new funding will only be available in half of the  states. This will leave the other half of the states continuing to  struggle with the challenges of helping people with substance use  disorders who are in need of housing. Furthermore, this bill does  nothing to address the overly punitive and unfair policies governing  our federal housing programs that create unnecessary barriers to  housing for people who have criminal backgrounds related to substance  use disorders.   I am encouraged that there is bipartisan support for addressing the  housing needs of persons suffering from substance use disorders, but I  am disheartened that Congress continues to fall short in its efforts to  provide comprehensive solutions that will help people suffering from  substance use disorders in every state of the country. As we work to  address the opioid crisis at hand, let's not forget that Congress still  has a lot of work to do in the way of criminal justice reform to  address the ongoing harmful and discriminatory impacts of the war on  drugs era.   Despite these concerns, I believe this bill includes some valuable  bipartisan solutions that represent a step in the right direction. I  urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 6, and I look forward to  continuing to work with my colleagues to address the scourge of  substance use disorders in communities throughout the United States.   