 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Evans for  yielding. He has so ably represented and led the Second District of  Pennsylvania. It has been an honor to call the gentleman my colleague.   I want to say, Mr. Speaker, that today I join with my CBC colleagues  in honoring the extraordinary life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther  King, Jr., 50 years after his tragic death. Today we honor and  celebrate the man who led our country in the fight against racism and  injustice, a man who forged tools of nonviolence and compassion so that  our Nation could break the chains of segregation and Jim Crow. Today we  honor a man who refused to believe that racism and war would define our  future, and who fought to ensure that truth and love would be the final  word.   As the United States Representative of Alabama's historic civil  rights district, I know that Dr. King's selfless sacrifices changed the  trajectory of our Nation's history and changed the lives of so many  families in my district and around the world.   When Birmingham was one of the most segregated cities in America, it  was Dr. King who brought the civil rights movement home to Alabama  during the Birmingham campaign. When four little Black girls were  killed in the bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham,  it was Dr. King who delivered their eulogy and who refused to let their  deaths go unnoticed.   Mr. Speaker, when the police beat marchers on a bridge in my hometown  in Alabama who were simply marching for the equal right to vote, it was  Dr. King who helped Dr. Reese and so many others to organize that march  from Selma to Montgomery.   It was foot soldiers like the honorable John Lewis, whom I am honored  every day to be able to call colleague, who sacrificed their lives for  the opportunity of a next generation to have the dream that so many  wanted and fought for.   There are constituents in my district, the civil rights and voting  rights foot soldiers, who marched with Dr. King, who answered the call  to fight for justice. These foot soldiers faced fire hoses, police  dogs, and nightsticks so that future generations of Americans could now  have the equal right to vote.   Mr. Speaker, I get to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge just to go home  to see my folks and to visit my family in Selma, Alabama, to go to my  hometown to visit my friends who live in a place that still needs help.   There is still some unfinished business of civil rights and voting  rights. It is my great honor to invite year after year so many to  come--thousands--walk in the footsteps of John Lewis with John Lewis.  It doesn't get any better than that.   For me to be able to see that I am the Member from Alabama, I know  that I stand on the shoulders of John Lewis and so many others. But I  also know that I must get off his shoulders and that I must do the hard  work and the unfinished business that is civil rights and voting rights  in America. As long as there is voter suppression and people are not  allowed to vote in this country, we have work to do. We have lots of  work to do.   We must do our own work. It is not enough to just say thank you. It  is not enough that we come before every year to reenact the march from  Selma to Montgomery. It is not just about reenactment. It is about what  we do day in and day out to further the dream that is Dr. King's to  build that beloved community that we talked about.   I get to see up close John Lewis and know that he is not just talking  the talk. He walks the walk every day. There are times when I am purely  frustrated in this House, frustrated because there is so much work that  we need to do and so much work that we don't do because of our  dysfunction. When I get tired, I just look over at John Lewis, and I  think to myself: this man never was tired.    The hard work was done by so many before us, and those of us who get  to walk these Halls of Congress have to decide what we are going to do  to help further that dream. Dr. King's life was not in vain. John  Lewis' work is not in vain.   There are so many of us who know that we stand on the gentleman's  shoulders and know that, in order for this country to live up to its  ideals of justice and democracy for all, we must--every generation  must--continue that fight.   It was Dr. King who wrote a letter from a Birmingham jail that talked  about injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. And there  are injustices everywhere. So we have work to do. We, the members of  the CBC, take that challenge very seriously. But we Members of Congress  of this House, this august body, must take that work seriously, too.  That work is not work that is Republican work versus Democratic work.  It is America's work. It is the work of our democracy.   It is the work that we must do that our constituents sent us here to  do that so often is stifled by our rhetoric, stifled by our inability  to see beyond our party, and stifled by so many things. But I know for  a fact that when we work hand in hand together, Republicans and  Democrats, Blacks and Whites, those from different religions, that we  can do amazing things. We know that because of the life and legacy of  Dr. King.   So on this 50th anniversary of his death, let us not mourn. Let us  recommit. Let us recommit ourselves to that  [[Page H15]]  which he stood for, for that which John Lewis stands for, and that is  justice for all, irrespective of what country they come from.   We are tried and tested every day, and it is important that we  remember that we can all walk across that Edmund Pettus Bridge by doing  the hard work of seeking justice and equality for all people just  because they are people.   I honor again the great work of Dr. Martin Luther King.   