 Mr. Speaker, I have a  motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed in its current  form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the  final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it  back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to  final passage, as amended.   When DACA was terminated in September, this Chamber promised hundreds  of thousands of young people and the American public that we would have  a public debate and vote to protect Dreamers. We gather here today,  instead, to vote on legislation that fails to protect these young  people, radically changes our immigration laws, and derails the  bipartisan queen-of-the-hill effort that would give us a solution.   H.R. 4760 is a hyperpartisan, sweeping bill which would fundamentally  change our legal immigration system and negatively impact our economy,  which is why it is opposed by the majority of the Republican  Conference, faith groups, businesses, chambers, and, quite frankly,  everyone in between.   If enacted, these policies would undermine local law enforcement,  hurt businesses, and rip apart communities through mass deportation,  while telling hundreds of thousands of American Dreamers that they can  only be a guest in the only country most of them have ever known, but  that they will never truly be American.   The truth is that this bill is a poison pill-ridden effort that does  nothing to get us closer to passing a bipartisan, narrow, and targeted  solution for Dreamers.   Congress--that is each and every one of us--has a responsibility to  address this Trump-created crisis in a bipartisan, rapid,  compassionate, and meaningful way. This is what the American people  want us to do. But since the start of the Trump administration, a  divisive and twisted narrative has been perpetrated to villainize,  scapegoat, and hurt immigrant families.   This week, the pain of immigrant families was felt by each and every  person in America who heard the terror and cries of children being torn  from their parents. This week we have experienced the horror many  immigrant families feel every single day, and we have seen how ugly it  is to use vulnerable immigrant children, mothers, and fathers as  political pawns.   But we have also seen Americans stand up for these families. We saw  them rebuke the President and his heinous policy. Today we must do the  same thing by standing up for Dreamers. We must meet our responsibility  as Members of Congress by voting for legislation that fixes this Trump- created DACA crisis, not by voting for legislation that makes it worse.  [[Page H5437]]    Every time that a bipartisan fix for Dreamers is within our reach,  this chaotic Republican Conference caves to those who aim to exploit  Dreamers in order to impose radical changes to our immigration system.   The provisions in H.R. 4760's partisan anti-immigrant bill betray our  most fundamental American values. It is a reflection of the xenophobic  agenda of the Trump White House which prioritizes billions upon  billions on a wasteful wall, cuts legal immigration, and ends our  obligation to protect Dreamers.   This is the latest example of Republicans putting Trump's anti- immigrant demands above moral decency, families, Dreamers, and the will  of the American people. It is indefensible and immoral that this House  continues to derail bipartisan efforts to protect Dreamers. The antics  that we are witnessing are why the American people have lost faith that  their Representatives can find bipartisan solutions to our Nation's  most pressing issues.   But as a Member of Congress in the minority party at a time of deep  political division and instability, I still believe it is possible for  us to work together to improve the well-being of families, children,  and young people. Mr. Speaker, that is why I am asking and I am  imploring you to join me in voting for the bipartisan Dream Act that  upholds our values and fulfills our promise to protect Dreamers and  their families.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   