 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the VA MISSION Act of 2018. I  am proud to support the VA MISSION Act of 2018, especially because of  its important expansion of support for family caregivers of veterans of  all service eras.   Since my first days in Congress, I have heard from veterans and their  caregivers about the important support provided through the VA's  Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers.   Family caregivers provide loving and essential care at home for our  injured veterans, from bathing and dressing, housework and  transportation, to administering physical and medical therapies.   Caregivers are true partners in the delivery of healthcare to our  veterans, and it is important that we recognize their tremendous  service and their worth.   In 2010, Congress wisely stepped up to offer the family caregivers of  veterans support in performing these vital tasks, but the program was  only made available to the family caregivers of post-9/11 veterans.   Clearly, those who served in World War II, Korea, and Vietnam, and  their families are deserving of the same respect and support.   That is why, since being elected to Congress, I have authored  legislation in every session to expand this assistance for family  caregivers to pre-9/11 veterans.   Today, this Congress has the opportunity to honor and support  veterans of all service eras by voting for this excellent bill.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Ryan Costello for leading with me on  these important caregiver issues. I thank the chairman and the ranking  member for their hard work on including this vital provision in the VA  MISSION Act.   Mr. Speaker, it is time that we treat our injured veterans of all  eras equally by expanding the VA caregivers program to all injured  veterans.   I do want to note that I share the ranking member's concerns with the  long-term sustainability of this program. Congress will have to work  closely with the VA as this expanded community care program is  implemented to ensure that this program is sustainable without cuts to  other veterans or other important domestic programs.   The bill we are considering today will ensure that our veterans are  getting the care they need when they need it, but in addition to timely  care, we must ensure that veterans have access to quality care. As we  send veterans outside the VA system to private medical providers, we  need to ensure that these doctors and other healthcare professionals  are capable of delivering the quality care that each and every one of  our veterans deserves.   So, while I applaud the expansion of care in this bill, I am  concerned about the potential for fraud, waste, and abuse as VA begins  to send many more veterans outside the VA system to private medical  providers. That is why it is vital that Congress remain engaged with  the implementation of this program to make sure that our veterans are  receiving high-quality healthcare from qualified providers and that we  in Congress are being careful stewards of the taxpayer dollars.  [[Page H4045]]    Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank  the chairman and ranking member for their leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to serve on this committee with such  extraordinary public servants who share a commitment to serving those  who have been willing to put their lives on the line to defend our  freedom. It has been a pleasure and an honor serving with them.   Mr. Speaker, I congratulate everyone on their hard work in bringing  this bill, admittedly not perfect but very important, forward for our  consideration, and I urge my colleagues to adopt it when we have the  opportunity to vote later today.   