 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Mr.  Byrne, for his tremendous work on this issue on the Rules Committee as  well as on the Armed Services Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this rule and the  bipartisan  [[Page H4599]]  work of the House Armed Services Committee that has gone into crafting  the underlying bill. This year's NDAA authorizes programs that are  absolutely crucial, Mr. Speaker, to the defense of this Nation.   The bill authorizes funding at levels that will begin to restore our  readiness, replacing aging equipment and weapons, and developing the  next generation of military technology.   Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would  clearly like to divert attention from these issues. They would like to  try to discuss everything under the sun, it seems, except funding for  our men and women in uniform who are on the front lines defending the  freedom that allows us to have the debate that we are having today in  this very Chamber.   The bottom line, Mr. Speaker, is that, without the funding authorized  in this bill, our adversaries will continue to close capability gaps  and further erode our military superiority.   Mr. Speaker, while passage of this rule and the underlying NDAA are  vital, our work will not be done. We must appropriate the funds  authorized here, and we must finally, Mr. Speaker, repeal the Budget  Control Act.   For the last decade, this body has routinely forced the Department of  Defense to operate under continuing resolutions. In plain English, this  means we are asking our men and women in uniform to stay on their posts  and put their lives on the line to defend all of us while at the same  time depriving them of the resources they need to do that job.    The situation, Mr. Speaker, was exacerbated in 2011 with the  arbitrary budget caps and sequestration of the Budget Control Act. This  has devastated military readiness and enabled our adversaries to make  significant gains that threaten our security and our military  superiority.   In testimony earlier this year, Secretary of Defense Mattis described  the severity of the situation and congressional responsibility for the  situation this way: ``As hard as the last 16 years of war have been, no  enemy in the field has done as much to harm the readiness of the U.S.  military than the combined impact of the Budget Control Act's defense  spending caps, worsened by operating for 10 of the last 11 years under  continuing resolutions of varied and unpredictable duration.''   In a world in which we face the most complex and severe threat  environment we have faced since the end of World War II, this situation  is simply shameful. The men and women who put their lives on the line  for all of us are sick and tired--as my colleague said, that is  absolutely true--but they are sick and tired, Mr. Speaker, of being  held hostage to a range of Democratic pet programs and politics that  are often played by those on the other side of the aisle in this  Chamber.   Year after year, Mr. Speaker, we have completed our work in this body  on the Defense Appropriations bill, and we have done it on time.  Unfortunately, the same is not true of our colleagues in the Senate.  Rules over in the Senate have allowed Democrats in that body to hold  critical funding for our military hostage in an effort to advance  unrelated issues.   Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues on the other side of the aisle join  me in the belief that no member of our military--no mother or father or  wife or husband or child of any servicemember--should have to continue  to pay the price for the dysfunction of the United States Congress'  budget process.   I fully expect that this House will complete our work, once again,  Mr. Speaker, to fund our military in a timely manner this year. I call  on my colleagues, the Democrats in this body and in the Senate, to join  us in fulfilling our most important constitutional obligation. We must  avoid another continuing resolution for the Department of Defense, and  we must pass the funding authorized under this bill required to provide  for the common defense.   The first step in that overall process is the work we are doing here  this week. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this rule so we  can complete our work on the underlying bill. I urge passage of the  NDAA, and I urge my colleagues to join us in putting the resources in  place our troops need, to stop holding our troops hostage, and to work  with us to break the cycle of continuing resolutions that have only  served to undermine military readiness.   