 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak about the  importance of teaching computer science and coding in our education  system. Throughout the United States and especially in my home State of  Washington, our internet economy is booming. Nationwide, it represents  7 percent of our GDP and makes up 13 percent of Washington's economy.  In Washington, more than 13,000 internet companies provide more than a  quarter of a million jobs.   We want to keep this American success story going, but to do that, we  need to make sure these startups have the workforce of tomorrow that  they need. That is why it is so important for children throughout the  United States to be able to learn to code in school.   Every student in America should be taught the tools they need to  enter our 21st-century economy. I laugh and say all the time that I  took typing and Latin as my prerequisite requirements in college. I am  not saying that typing and Latin didn't help me today, but I question  whether we are teaching the same skills today that we need for the  21st-century economy.   Every student in the United States should have the opportunity to  learn about the internet, algorithms, and applications. In Washington,  we are making progress in this area because 31 percent of our high  schools offer coding classes, but more still needs to be done.   According to a great organization, code.org, 90 percent of parents in  the United States want their children to study or understand computer  science; however, only 40 percent of their children are taught anything  about computer programming. Computer jobs are the No. 1 source of new  jobs in the country. Currently, there are more than 500,000 computer  job openings in the United States.   This is a skills gap we have to close if we want to continue to  develop these new products and services. That is why I worked with my  colleague from Louisiana, Senator Cassidy, to introduce the High School  CODES Act earlier this year. Our legislation creates a new Federal  grant program to help high schools throughout the country establish or  expand coding education programs for their students.   Ninety percent of parents want their children to study computer  science, so we should be providing them more opportunities. Children in  cities, suburbs and rural communities all should have access to these  computer science programs.   As I mentioned, in my State, the demand for computer science and  coding programs is clear. Right now, Washington has more than 16,000  good-paying job openings in computer science. Still, only 31 percent of  our State schools offered computer science courses for the high school  level between 2016 and 2017. What is standing in our way? Well, in many  cases, it is the cost of developing a computer science curriculum and  getting a program up and running in the high school. That is exactly  the problem our legislation tries to solve by giving local communities  the resources they need to develop and implement good computer science  curriculums that make the most sense for those communities.   As I said, not everybody will necessarily go into computer science. I  took typing and Latin, which gave me a fundamental understanding of  both of those things. What is wrong with everybody having a fundamental  understanding of the language of the 21st-century computer programming?   I was excited, with Senator Cassidy, when we were able to include  language in the reauthorization of the Perkins vocational and technical  educational bill, which the President signed today, to move us closer  to that goal. The language in the bill that was signed by the President  would allow the use of Federal funds to support efforts to expand,  develop, or implement programs to increase opportunities for students  to take rigorous courses in coding and computer science and support  statewide efforts to create access to and implementation of coding and  computer science. This is a great example of what we can do when  working together in a bipartisan manner.   It is the first important step to make sure that every student  understands some level of what our economy is going to be built on in  the future. We will have plenty of work to do. As I said, not everyone  will go into computer science, but having a basic understanding of how  just about everything in your home and your workplace is going to work,  and even your car and other applications that you have, will be a good  bridge to this economy.   We are going to continue to work together and find ways that computer  science and coding can be taught in our classrooms. At the Federal  level, we don't have a lot of control over that curriculum at the local  level, but we can incentivize, as we are doing today, schools across  the United States, with a little Federal support, to make sure that  coding and computer science are key parts of a high school education.   I want to thank my colleague Senator Cassidy for working on this  important issue with me and helping to get it included in this Perkins  legislation. I thank all my colleagues for voting for it and the  President for signing it. The economy of the future can leave people  behind but not if we help prepare them for the future, and part of  preparing them for the future is just a basic understanding of how  programming and computer science work.   I hope many schools across the United States will take up this  opportunity. I hope it will lead to many new applications, new job  creations, and greater awareness of what STEM education is all about.  Having people trained in the areas of science, technology, engineering,  and math is key to our country's future. I am so glad the President is  signing this legislation today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   