 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed, in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, 2017 was a year of historic disasters. We saw category 5  hurricanes, devastating floods, and wildfires that covered hundreds of  miles. For the towns and communities in Florida, Georgia, South  Carolina, Louisiana, California, Texas, Puerto Rico, and the U.S.  Virgin Islands, they continue to struggle with what once would have  been considered a once-in-a-lifetime disaster.   My motion will help these communities right now. It will do so by  waiving the local matching requirements for FEMA assistance for those  affected by Irma, Harvey, Maria, and the wildfires out west. This is  critical because many States like Florida and Georgia did not have  dedicated disaster funds set aside to pay for such requirements. The  result is that these disasters will require States to dip into their  operating budgets, meaning less money for roads, business investment,  healthcare, and schools.   In addition, many communities hit by these disasters are struggling  financially as businesses close, homes are rebuilt, and many  individuals leave for good. This reshuffling of economic fortunes  creates massive financial stress. It is in our power to help these  towns and cities, whether they are in Georgia, Florida, Texas,  Louisiana, the U.S. Virgin Islands, or Puerto Rico.   Take Port Aransas, just outside Corpus Christi. It used to have 4,000  residents but now only has 3,000, a decline of 25 percent. Its hotels  should be packed with college students on spring break, but 33 percent  are vacant. Why? Because they are still rebuilding, struggling to be  ready for what should be the most financially important part of this  season.   These areas and places like Galveston, Texas; Lake Charles,  Louisiana; or Isle of Palms in South Carolina must come up with  millions of dollars if they want to access FEMA assistance. And out  west, entire communities are still reeling from wildfires: towns like  Lake Perris, Kettleman City, Orosi, and Corona.   People's lives, Mr. Speaker, have been turned upside down, and  communities, cities, and States are under massive budget pressure to  rebuild. The least we can do is provide relief from these massive,  unforeseen costs.   This motion to recommit will boost assistance for areas still  struggling to rebuild. It will take stress off municipal and State  budgets, recognizing that massive disasters like these cannot simply be  absorbed by small fishing towns and rural areas.   If you vote ``no,'' you are voting against these small communities;  you are voting against the people who live in Texas, Florida,  California, Georgia, South Carolina, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin  Islands. I urge you to stand with them and vote ``yes'' on the motion  to recommit.   Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  Oregon (Mr. DeFazio).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   