 Mr. President, every day I meet all sorts of people-- small business owners, working moms, students, seniors, and  servicemembers--and they are concerned about all sorts of things: the  growing cost of healthcare, the cost of child care, the cost of  college, the cost of student loan debt, stagnant wages, fixing our  broken criminal justice system, gun violence in schools--you name it.   But in the thousands of conversations I have had, I haven't met a  single person who has said they are concerned that Washington doesn't  work well enough for big businesses. If you ask any of them, they will  tell you that, when it comes to the wealthy and the powerful,  Washington works just like a dream, but for everyone else, Washington  just isn't working.   That is not a coincidence. Powerful interests have been working for  years to capture every single branch of government to tilt the scales  in their favor and against everyone else.   Our courts are no exception in this. Powerful interests have worked  for years, pouring incredible amounts of money into capturing our  courts. It has been a real one-two punch.   The first punch has been working with Republicans to stop fair- minded, impartial judges from sitting on the Federal bench, slowing  down or stopping those nominations, holding open a Supreme Court seat,  and keeping fair people off the bench whenever possible.   Then came the second punch. Whenever they get the chance, it is  stacking our courts with judges dedicated to a vision of the law where  the wealthy and well-connected get to call the shots--people who are  willing to leave behind women, workers, people of color, LGBTQ  individuals, students, families, and everyone else who doesn't have  money or power.   Donald Trump's decision to nominate Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme  Court is just the latest example of this. Minutes after Donald Trump  announced Kavanaugh's nomination, the White House blasted out a  document. To whom? To business lobbyists around Washington touting  Judge Kavanaugh's rulings in favor of corporate interests and against  the interests of everyone else. They are not even hiding it anymore.   Think about that. The first move by the White House is not a memo to  the American people talking about the nominee's independence or talking  about his commitment to justice for everyone but a memo to business  lobbyists highlighting Judge Kavanaugh's loyalty to big business. That  is a key part of Donald Trump's public case for Judge Kavanaugh--the  promise that Judge Kavanaugh will tilt the playing field even further  in favor of corporations and against working people.   Take a look at cases the White House included in its sales pitch to  corporate lobbyists. In one recent case, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was unconstitutional, calling  independent agencies like the consumer bureau ``a significant threat to  individual liberty.'' Really? That is the consumer agency that a  bipartisan group of 60 Senators and 237 Representatives created after  the most devastating financial crisis in generations. It is the agency  that is a tough watchdog for American families, the agency that in just  7 years has returned $12 billion directly to people who were cheated by  big banks, credit card companies, and student loan servicers. But I  guess all Judge Kavanaugh saw was a threat to the individual liberty of  companies that were looking to cheat people.   Judge Kavanaugh's ruling was so out of the mainstream that the rest  of his colleagues on the court promptly reversed his decision by an  overwhelming vote. But if Judge Kavanaugh becomes Justice Kavanaugh, he  could provide the decisive vote on the Supreme Court to strike down the  CFPB and leave consumers at the mercy of predatory lenders again.   That wasn't the only time that Judge Kavanaugh ruled against  consumers and in favor of the giant corporations that squashed them.  Last year, he issued an opinion that would have set aside a lower court  ruling and allowed a merger of two giant health insurance companies to  move forward, despite evidence that the merger could hurt consumers in  14 States. Luckily, once again, Judge Kavanaugh's colleagues disagreed,  and they criticized him for applying the law as he wished it were, not  as it currently is. Again, Judge Kavanaugh found a way to rule in favor  of corporate interests, no matter what the law said.   Judge Kavanaugh has also ruled time and again to reverse rules  designed to address climate change and to protect the air we breathe.  In three separate cases, the Trump administration highlighted for  corporate lobbyists that Judge Kavanaugh argued that the Environmental  Protection Agency had acted illegally in taking action to protect the  environment and to protect public health. In each case, the EPA had  spent years carefully considering the input of scientists, experts, and  the industry, but in each case, Judge Kavanaugh found that wasn't  enough. He put maximizing polluter profits ahead of protecting working  families and the well-being of our planet.   The Trump White House and the Republican Congress have gone to bat  for corporate interests time and again. They have showered them with  $1.5 trillion in tax giveaways, rolling back the rules on some of the  country's biggest banks, and reversing rules to protect workers and  consumers from corporate abuse.   But there may not be a single body in Washington that has delivered  more victories for giant companies in the last 2 years--and more losses  for everyone else--than the Supreme Court of the United States. In case  after case, by 5-to-4 decisions, this Court has limited the rights of  working people and expanded the ability of giant corporations to do  pretty much whatever they please. It is no wonder that working families  are working longer and harder, only to get squeezed between flat wages  and rising costs.   Judge Kavanaugh would tip the balance of the Court even further in  favor of those corporations and special interests. For the next 30 or  40 years, he would be a reliable vote in favor of whatever giant  companies and their armies of lobbyists decide that they  [[Page S5556]]  want, whatever special favors they can't secure in Congress and can get  only through the courts. The world's largest companies already throw  their money around this place with reckless abandon and try to buy the  outcomes they want. They don't need any more help on the Supreme Court.  It is time for Washington to start working for the people again, and  that starts with defeating Judge Kavanaugh's nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   