 Mr. President, at this very moment, a high school junior  is reading a report online for a class paper she has due at the end of  the week. Not far from her house, a single mom who recently quit her  job to follow her dream of becoming an app developer is online teaching  herself to code. In a city thousands of miles away, a small business  owner is processing an order online to keep the lights on and the bills  paid for another month. Every night in living rooms across this  country, grandparents pick up their smartphones to video chat with  newborn grandchildren who are hundreds or even thousands of miles away.   Let's face it, the internet is intricately woven into the fabric of  American society. It is a very important part of our lives, but right  now our access to a fair and open internet is under siege. In December,  the Federal Communications Commission, the FCC, voted to eliminate the  net neutrality protections that stop internet providers from blocking  access, filtering content, or charging higher fees for fast lanes-- three tactics that giant internet companies want to use to control the  internet.   The repeal of these protections has corporate greed and corruption  written all over it. This may be what the special interests want, but  the American people are opposed to the very idea of a restricted  internet. Net neutrality provisions are wildly popular. When it comes  to a free and open internet, 83 percent of Americans are clear about  their position. They want and demand a free and open internet. That is  true for small businesses, entrepreneurs, and people from all  backgrounds. You have to ask yourself, Why would the FCC vote to  eliminate those protections?   I will tell you why. Because under this administration, the FCC has  become a puppet for giant internet providers. The FCC's current  Chairman, Ajit Pai, has made it clear he will work to put special  interests over what is good for the American people.  [[Page S2702]]    The FCC was once an agency dedicated to protecting and promoting the  public interest, but it has morphed into an agency that exists solely  to do the bidding of giant telecom companies. It is a disgrace. Who can  say we didn't see this coming? When Donald Trump won the White House,  then-FCC Commissioner Pai said that net neutrality's days were  numbered.   Once Trump selected Pai to lead the FCC, Chairman Pai immediately got  to work getting rid of net neutrality. He opened up a new public  comment period, laying out a plan to destroy net neutrality, and he  made it clear he would ignore the views of millions of Americans who  weighed in to urge him to abandon that plan.   The FCC received more comments on Chairman Pai's plan to kill net  neutrality than any other rule in the FCC's history. Millions submitted  comments opposing Chairman Pai's plan to kill net neutrality, but the  FCC said it would ignore those comments unless they were, in its  opinion, serious legal arguments. During the comment process, it was  revealed that some of the comments had come from bots that had stolen  Americans' identities and others had come from Russian addresses, but  Pai dismissed those concerns. He demonstrated that, no matter what, he  would forge ahead with his plan to hand over the internet to the  biggest and most powerful internet providers.   If Chairman Pai's plan is implemented, internet companies will  literally get to set their own rules governing access to the internet.  As long as they put their rules somewhere in the fine print, internet  providers can pretty much do whatever they please. That is not the way  government is supposed to work. The internet was created by a bunch of  government and government-funded workers, and it is the government's  job to protect Americans' access to a fair and open internet.   The internet doesn't belong to giant internet companies. It belongs  to the students striving to build a better future. It belongs to the  young women and men working day and night on a new idea that will  change the world. It belongs to the small business owner whose success  depends on operating her business online. It belongs to the grandmas  and grandpas, the mothers and fathers, the sisters and brothers, and  friends who depend on the internet to remain connected to the people  they love. It belongs to people who like to watch their favorite shows  online or read the news or shop or play video games or just browse the  internet. It belongs to all of us.   If the FCC will not stand up for the public interest, it is up to  Congress to do so, but it will take this Republican-controlled Congress  prying itself free from the grip of giant companies and doing what is  right for the American people.   Today, we can take the first step. I ask every one of my colleagues  in the Senate to join me in voting yes on the CRA resolution to restore  net neutrality provisions.   I yield the floor.   