 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, by the time Dr. Ford was sharing her  story last Thursday afternoon, I was heartbroken. Then, by the time  Judge Kavanaugh was done speaking, just a few hours later, I was  horrified.   Dr. Ford spent her time talking about the laughter she still hears  ringing in her ears from that night--the night that an older, stronger,  drunker boy forced her to learn what it was like to feel helpless. Her  voice quivered, but she herself never wavered, steadfast in the truth-- in the memory of those few moments that changed her life forever.   Judge Kavanaugh, meanwhile, spent his time interrupting and attacking  the committee members, shouting over Senators and dressing them down-- appearing belligerent and outraged that anyone would dare keep him from  getting what he feels entitled to, as though he--or anyone--is entitled  to a seat on the U.S. Supreme Court.   Time after time, he made brazenly political statements that should  disqualify any candidate from serving as a Federal judge. Over and over  again, he told what appeared to be blatant lies despite his being under  oath. He seems to have lied about the meaning of his yearbook page,  about when he learned of some of the recent accusations, about what he  knew at age 53 and what he did at age 17.   Sadly, this was hardly even surprising. Kavanaugh has a habit of  appearing to lie under oath, as we know from when he was questioned  about his role in the Bush administration's torture policy back in  2006. This consistent dishonesty--this disregard, even distaste for the  truth--should be unacceptable in any judicial nominee, let alone one  nominated to serve on the highest Court of the land for a lifetime  appointment.   Let's be clear: How Republicans went about restricting the FBI  investigation this past week was questionable at best, sabotage at  worst. Yet the reality is that that suspiciously limited background  check was not even necessary to prove that he was unfit; it was his  inappropriate public outbursts and his lack of candor that were so  deeply troubling, that should be so obviously disqualifying.   This has nothing to do with his conservative beliefs. This has to do  with the fact that the belligerent partisan operative who revealed  himself last week is wholly unsuited for a job that demands a level- headed temperament. It is not just I who is saying that. It is a  sentiment that some of Kavanaugh's own former law clerks have expressed  in the wake of his hostile outbursts.   No one is entitled to a Supreme Court seat, not even someone who went  to Yale College or Law School as he reminded us one, two, three, four  times last Thursday. In this #MeToo moment we are living through, we  need to recognize the bravery it took for these women--Dr. Ford but  also Deborah Ramirez--to speak out and not deride them and shame them  as some on the other side of the aisle and even the President are  doing.   The other night, Trump stood in the middle of a political rally in  Mississippi and told joke after joke about Dr. Ford and the worst  moment of her life--mocking a survivor, making fun of her trauma,  riling up thousands of people to laugh at her just as she says Brett  Kavanaugh did in that bedroom that night. That makes me sick. It makes  me furious. Donald Trump may sit in the Oval Office, but it is obvious  he cannot live up to even the minimal standards of what we should  expect of any President. He doesn't even understand or care how cruel  it is to try to bully a survivor back into the shadows.   You know, I have two daughters. The younger, Maile, was just born  this April. The older, Abigail, is nearly 4 years old now. Her drawings  line the walls of my Senate office, and her smile is the first thing I  see in the morning. Well, I just can't stop thinking about how Dr. Ford  was also once that age. She too probably had her hair brushed and then  braided by her mom. She too probably loved that too-big set of Crayola  crayons and proudly took to her mom drawing after drawing like those my  Abigail brings to me. I can't stop thinking about how that little  [[Page S6513]]  girl, just a decade later, found herself cornered and alone and  scared--outnumbered and overpowered and terrified--in hearing that  boy's laughter that she remembers all of these years later.   I am voting against Brett Kavanaugh because I believe Dr. Christine  Blasey Ford, because I believe Deborah Ramirez, because we need a  nominee who will not cover up, abet, and lie about torture, but also  because I know the American people deserve a fair-minded Supreme Court  Justice who actually cares about honesty and the truth. That is the  bare minimum we should expect from a nominee to the Supreme Court, and  Brett Kavanaugh can't even clear that low hurdle.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   