 Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted  ``yea'' on rollcall No. 404.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the conference report  which includes the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education  appropriations bill.   The Labor-H funding bill for 2019 makes important investments in  health, education, and in our families. It is a $1 billion increase  over 2018, leaving us to deliberate $178.1 billion. Especially when I  view that the Trump administration is pursuing the fundamental  hollowing out of our Federal agencies, we secured critical investments  in Democratic priorities that boost the middle class.   First, let me talk about health. This bill includes an increase of $2  billion for NIH research. It also includes increases across the Centers  for Disease Control and Prevention, the Health Resources and Services  Administration, particularly to address health threats to pregnant  women and babies.   We also secured increases for our country's youngest children and  their families, including an increase of $50 million for childcare and  $200 million for Head Start, including $50 million more for Early Head  Start.   Turning to education, we won an increase for after-school programs  and a raise in the maximum Pell grant, $100 for $6,195, to help  students afford the rising cost of a college degree.   The bill also eliminates two longstanding riders. They had prohibited  school districts from using education funding for transportation to  address segregated schools.   So, from health, to childcare, to education, we achieved several  great wins for the American people.   Importantly, the bill before us maintains the bipartisan amendments  that House Democrats introduced to condemn the administration's policy  of separating families, to demand a reunification plan, and to ensure  that HHS upholds the highest standards of care for children in our  custody.   I am proud of what we included. I am also proud of what we kept out.  We held the line and kept out harmful ideological riders that would  have sabotaged the Affordable Care Act, undermined women's health, and  overturned the Flores settlement to allow the administration to keep  kids in cages indefinitely.   All that being said, the bill is not perfect. For example, I am  disappointed we missed an opportunity to say, once and for all, that  the authors of the Every Student Succeeds Act never intended for  Federal dollars to arm teachers, which, as I understand, is current  law.   And I believe the Labor-HHS bill continues to be shortchanged. Based  on the overall increase of $18 billion for non-defense discretionary  spending, this bill should be receiving an increase of $5.5 billion.   Nevertheless, on the whole, this bipartisan, bicameral compromise is  a positive result that helped provide the American people a better  chance at a better life, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   I also take this opportunity to say a thank you to my working partner  and good friend, Chairman Cole. I also want to say a thank you to the  ranking member of the full Appropriations Committee, my colleague,  Congresswoman Nita Lowey, and to the chairman of the Appropriations  Committee, Rodney Frelinghuysen. I thank him for the great work on this  effort, and we know you will not be joining us again next year, so  thank you for helping us get this across the finish line.    For the Democratic staff: Stephen Steigleder, Robin Juliano; to my  staff: Leticia Mederos, Liz Albertine, Caitlin Peruccio, Will Serio,  Kris Fetterman; to the majority staff: Susan Ross, Jennifer Cama,  Justin Gibbons, Kathryn Salmon, Karyn Richman, and Lori Bias.   Mr. Speaker, our names appear on the doors of the congressional  offices, but it is the labor every single day of these outstanding  staff people that help us put these bills together on behalf of the  American people.   