 Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank the ranking member for  his very cogent remarks that go to the principle of the matter before  the House today.   I have to say, I come to the well of the House in outrage against the  attack on the District of Columbia by the Republican House. In 1973-- that is 45 years ago--Congress passed the District of Columbia Home  Rule Act, which created the locally elected government.   Understand that after the Civil War, it is Republicans who first gave  the District of Columbia the right to have its own home rule, a  tradition that this Republican majority has repudiated. According to  the Home Rule Act, a central purpose of the act was, and I am quoting,  ``to relieve Congress of the burden of legislating upon essentially  local District matters.''   President Nixon, who signed the bill, affirmed that purpose himself  when he wrote--and I am going to quote President Nixon: ``One of the  major goals of this administration is to place responsibility for local  functions under local control and to provide local governments with the  authority and resources they need to serve their communities  effectively. The measure I signed today represents a significant step  in achieving this goal in the city of Washington. It will give the  people of the District of Columbia the right to elect their own city  officials and to govern themselves in local affairs.   ``As the Nation approaches the 200th anniversary of its founding, it  is particularly appropriate to ensure those persons who live in the  Capital City the rights and privileges which have long been enjoyed by  most of their countrymen. But the measure I signed today does more than  create machinery for the election of local officials. It also broadens  and strengthens the structure of city government to enable it to deal  more effectively with its responsibility.''   Signed, Richard Nixon.   How do we square those words and the bipartisan Home Rule Act with a  fiscal year 2019 appropriation bill which is the most significant abuse  of congressional power over the District  [[Page H6280]]  of Columbia since Republicans took control of the House in 2011?   This bill repeals two D.C. laws and prohibits the city from spending  its local funds, consisting only of local taxes raised in the city by  local citizens, not a cent of it raised from this House, to either  carry out or enact three laws.   I filed amendments to strike all five of these undemocratic riders.  Even though my amendments complied with the House rules, the Rules  Committee did not make any of them in order, afraid, apparently, of  debate on this matter before the people of the United States. Adding  insult to injury, the Rules Committee piled on by making in order two  additional anti-Home Rule riders. If this bill stands, there will be a  record seven anti-Home Rule riders in it.   Some of these riders come back every year, and yet we have been able  to get them off every year in conference.    This Republican majority endlessly touts their support of  local affairs--a lie, as long as that principle stops at the District  of Columbia border, and Republicans interfere with the spending and  laws of a local jurisdiction not their own.   Pardon me for being angry, but I remind my colleagues that the  700,000 American citizens who live in the District of Columbia pay the  highest Federal taxes per capita in the United States and have fought  and died in every war since the Revolutionary War; yet they have no  voting representation on this House floor, even on their own  appropriation, and no representation in the Senate at all.   These riders amount to bullying that takes unfair advantage of the  District of Columbia. No wonder we are making headway on our D.C.  statehood bill, but it should not take statehood.    It should not take statehood for any district to be  treated with respect and fairness.   We have been successful in cleaning up the D.C. appropriation in the  past, and we will be successful again. The people of the District of  Columbia will not let you get away with bullying them after they have  paid their Federal taxes the way every Member of this House has.   