 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I think it is important for those of us who have served here that we  are down this frivolous route again: this unconstitutional effort to  remedy the disaster that has been perpetrated by the Republican tax  scam.   Let me tell you what the CBO Director said, who is known to be the  bipartisan, nonpartisan arbiter of the work that the Congress does.   First of all, they say the tax cut will create deficits of historic  proportions. Not Medicaid or Medicare or Social Security. An $800  billion deficit in 2018, $1 trillion in 2019, and $1 trillion in 2020.  That is what the Republicans have created.   Now, in this false and ridiculous, possibly unconstitutional effort,  here we go again with a balanced budget amendment that will, in fact,  deny and implode the needs of those who need Medicare, Social Security,  and Medicaid.   This balanced budget amendment is antidemocratic in that it requires  a supermajority in Congress to increase the debt limit, deficit  spending, or raise revenue. All would have been unnecessary if we had  not passed the tax scam. Remember, we gave the corporate tax relief a  21 percent number, instead of 25 percent, coming from 33 percent, when  they didn't ask for it.   It is antidemocratic because it enshrines one particular economic  theory into the Constitution: depriving future voters and future  Congresses of the ability to adopt other economic approaches. That is  our responsibility as leaders giving oversight to the needs of the  American people, to the needs of the Pentagon, and to the needs of  domestic spending.   By the way, this deficit will be more than domestic spending and  defense spending. It raises separation of powers concerns because it  would open the door to allowing Federal courts to make budget policy  decisions. It is economically harmful because it would hamper the  ability of Congress to respond to economic downturns and other  emergencies.   Were anyone here in 2007 and 2008, particularly when the Secretary of  the Treasury under the Bush administration came and told this  Democratic Congress, of which I was a Member of, that America, as we  knew it, was getting ready to end, that we saw the demise of Lehman  Brothers and the collapse of the market, it wasn't Democrats who did  that, it was Republicans. It is economically harmful because it would  hamper the ability again for us to deal with those kinds of downturns.   It jeopardizes funding of Social Security and the military and civil  service retirement system, and it undermines the Nation's financial  system, including deposit insurance. It is unnecessary because Congress  was able to achieve a balanced budget in the 1990s, of which I was here  through the existing political process, and created the Children's  Health Insurance Program.   Therefore, this balanced budget amendment is an amendment that  creates havoc. What we should do is to undo the tax scam, repeal it,  start again, and not implode Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.  To the seniors who are living there: don't buy into a balanced budget  amendment which is unconstitutional, buy into repealing the tax scam  and standing for the American people.   I conclude by saying many national groups oppose this.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 2, the so- called Balanced Budget Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which  properly should be called the ``Cut, Cap, and End Medicare and Destroy  Social Security Act'' because this is exactly what will happen if this  amendment is passed by Congress and ratified by three-fourths of the  several states.   A balanced budget amendment is a perennial gimmick periodically  dusted off by House Republicans to divert attention from their manifest  inability to govern competently or to manage the nation's finances.   H.J. Res. 2 is no exception coming as it does on the heels of the  report by the Congressional Budget Office documenting that the Trump/ GOP budget deficit continues to climb and is projected to exceed $800  billion this year and to top $1 trillion next year and to remain at  that level for foreseeable future.   Moreover, the CBO report confirms that the GOP TaxScam passed last  year by this Republican Congress on a party-line vote will not pay for  itself and is in fact the major cause of the rising the deficit.   Mr. Speaker, if our friends across the aisle really want to shrink  the deficit, reduce the national debt, practice fiscal responsibility,  and bring about sustained economic growth and prosperity, there is a  much better, easier, and more certain way to achieve these goals than  by tampering with the U.S. Constitution.   The easier and better way is for the American people to put a  Democrat in the White House and Democratic majorities in the House and  Senate.   In the 1990s under the leadership of President Clinton the budget was  balanced for four consecutive years, the national debt was paid down,  the national debt, 23 million new jobs were created, and projected  surpluses exceeded $5 trillion.   Under President Obama the financial crisis and economic meltdown  inherited from his Republican predecessor was ended, the annual deficit  was reduced by 67 percent, the auto industry was saved from collapse,  and 15 million jobs were created.   In contrast, under every Republican administration since President  Reagan the size of the deficit bequeathed to his successor was  substantially larger than the one he inherited, a major economic  recession occurred, and economic growth was lower than the.   Turning to the joint resolution before us, I strongly oppose this  latest gimmick for the following reasons:   1. it is anti-democratic in that it requires a supermajority in  Congress to increase the debt limit, deficit spending, or raise  revenue;   2. it is anti-democratic because it enshrines one particular economic  theory into the Constitution, depriving future voters and future  Congresses of the ability to adopt other economic approaches;   3. it raises separation of powers concerns because it would open the  door to allowing federal courts to make budget policy decisions;   4. it is economically harmful because it would hamper the ability of  Congress to respond to economic downturns and other emergencies;   5. it jeopardizes funding for Social Security and military and civil  service retirement systems;   6. it undermines the nation's financial system, including deposit  insurance; and   7. it is unnecessary because Congress was able to achieve balanced  budgets in the 1990's through the existing political process.   It is for these reasons that numerous outside groups committed to the  economic well-being of the United States as well as organizations  concerned with the needs of the elderly, the middle class, children,  and other basic needs of national importance strongly opposed a measure  in the 112th Congress virtually identical to Chairman Goodlatte's  current H.J. Res. 2, and that measure failed to garner a supermajority  as required by the Constitution.   These groups included a coalition of 123 religious, labor, education,  civil rights, child advocacy, and other organizations; a coalition of  six national environmental organizations representing over one million  members and activists; OMB Watch (now the Center for Effective  Government); the American Federation of Labor-Congress of Industrial  Organizations (AFL-CIO); the Service Employees International Union  (SEIU); the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal  Employees (AFSCME); the National Education Association (NEA); the  National Women's Law Center, Committee for Education Funding, and the  Coalition on Human Needs.   Although there is a clear need to lower the long-term federal budget  deficit, requiring a balanced budget through a constitutional amendment  would be disastrous for the U.S. economy.   This Amendment is portrayed as the alternative to our country's  deficit issue, but in reality, a Balanced Budget Amendment truly  undermines the goal of a balanced budget by  [[Page H3168]]  threatening the survival of such critical programs as Social Security,  Medicare, and Medicaid that serve as fundamental safety nets for  millions of Americans.   These important social programs face greater demand when federal  receipts are in rapid declines.   Requiring a balanced budget would force cuts to these and other  important programs or force tax increases.   Either prescription would risk tipping a faltering economy into  recession or making recession worse.   Any constitutional balanced budget amendment would limit the ability  of the federal government to make important investments in worthy  causes, including crucial public safety and homeland security programs.   Even at times of fiscal austerity, we must continue to provide for  the country's public safety and homeland security needs.   Any constitutional balanced budget amendment would grossly undermine  the ability to protect the lives and well-being of Americans  nationwide.   Further, this Amendment will gridlock Congress during an economic  downturn.   There has never been such a blatant effort to ransom the American  economy in order to extort from the American public.   While I support bipartisan efforts to increase the debt limit and to  resolve our differences over budgetary revenue and spending issues, I  cannot support a bill that unduly robs average Americans of their  economic security and ability to provide for their families, while  constraining the ability of the Congress to deal effectively with  America's economic, fiscal, and job creation challenges.   We need to change the tone here in the Congress.   There has been a theme in previous Congresses and in this Congress of  focusing on cutting programs that benefit those who need it most, while  ignoring the need to focus on real and contemporary job creation and  economic recovery.   And by real and contemporary job creation, I do not mean Trump's  unsubstantiated and impossible promise of coal jobs.   The creation of coal jobs is one of the many myths and false hopes  peddled by the current White House.   The promise that jobs in coal are just around the corner is fake  news.   Our time could be better spent focusing on ways to increase American  jobs, growing our economy, and investing in our people, paying our  bills, and resolving our differences.   That is the way you make and keep America great.   A balanced budget is not something that should be mandated in our  Constitution, nor is it something that should be required every year,  proposing an idea that offers little guarantee of success.   In particular, during economic downturns, the government can  stimulate growth by cutting taxes and increasing spending.   And in fact, the cost of many government benefit programs is designed  to automatically increase when the economy is down--for example, costs  for food stamps (SNAP) and Medicaid increase when more people need to  rely upon them.   These countercyclical measures lessen the impact of job losses and  economic hardship associated with economic downturns.   The resulting temporary increases in spending could cause deficits  that would trigger the balanced budget requirements at the worst  possible moment.   A constitutional amendment requiring the Congress to cut spending to  match revenue every year would both limit the Congress's ability to  respond to changing fiscal conditions and would dramatically impede  federal responses to high unemployment as well as federal guarantees  for food and medical assistance.   As with the outlay cap that a Balanced Budget Amendment would bring,  tying outlays to a percentage of GDP would impose arbitrary limits on  government actions to respond to an economic slowdown or recession,  when GDP declines.   Cutting spending during a recession could make a recession worse by  increasing the number of unemployed, decreasing business investment,  and withholding services needed to jump-start the economy.   The proposed Balanced Budget Amendment would render Social Security  unconstitutional in its current form due to the Amendment's prohibitive  stance on that system of spending.   Capping future spending below Reagan-era levels would force  devastating cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, Head Start,  child care, Pell grants, and many other critical programs.   Because this proposal would make it impossible for the Congress to  increase revenues rather than to cut spending, it is virtually a  political ploy that reflects the Republican priorities of ending the  Medicare guarantee while cutting taxes for millionaires.   The need to raise the debt ceiling has no correlation to whether  future budgets are balanced; increases in the debt ceiling reflect past  decisions on fiscal policy.   And as demonstrated by current disagreement about whether and when to  raise the debt ceiling, Congress does not need to impose further  barriers to its consideration.   Treasury has warned that failing to raise the debt ceiling and the  resulting government default, which would be unprecedented, would have  catastrophic impacts on the economy.   Interest rates would rise, increasing costs for the government and  for American businesses and families.   Any cuts made to accommodate a mandated balanced budget would fall  most heavily on domestic discretionary programs; the immediate result  of a balanced budget amendment would be devastating cuts in education,  homeland security, public safety, health care and research,  transportation and other vital services.   Under H.J. Res. 2 total funding would be cut for non-defense  discretionary programs, including veterans' medical care, most homeland  security activities, border protection, and the FBI.   Therefore, these cuts will impact funds to protect our nation's food  and water supply, environmental protections, medical research,  education, and services for disadvantaged or abused children, frail  elderly people, and people with severe disabilities.   The Founders purposely made the Constitutional amendment process a  long and arduous one.   It is foolish, reckless, and decidedly not conservative to rush to  pass an amendment altering our nation's founding document on such short  notice and without reasonable time for debate.   Republicans who support this proposed amendment to the Constitution  have demonstrated, at this critical juncture in American history, that  they are profoundly irresponsible when it comes to the integrity of our  economy and utterly bereft of sensible solutions for fixing it.   Medicare covers a population with diverse needs and circumstances.   Most people with Medicare live on modest incomes.   While many many beneficiaries enjoy good health, 25 percent or more  have serious health problems and live with multiple chronic conditions,  including cognitive and functional impairments.   Today, 43 percent of all Medicare beneficiaries are between 65 and 74  years old and 12 percent are 85 or older.   Those who are 85 or older are the fastest-growing age group among  elderly Medicare beneficiaries.   With the aging and growth of the population, the number of Medicare  beneficiaries more than doubled between 1966 and 2000 and is projected  to grow from 45 million today to 79 million in 2030.   For these reasons, I am strongly opposed to despoiling the  Constitution by even considering the Republicans' latest Balanced  Budget Amendment gimmick.   