 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding.   I thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel for bringing this  legislation, but especially my colleague, Congresswoman Frankel, for  being such a champion for women's rights and issues not only in this  country, but around the globe.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, the Women's  Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act, which, as you have heard  by those more eloquent than I, will help to ensure that women's  economic development is a fundamental tenet of U.S. development policy.   Women tend to spend more of their money on family costs like  education and healthcare than men do. Unfortunately, they lack access  to financial services and must rely on riskier and less reliable means  of borrowing and saving.   If global gender parity in economic activity were achieved, we could  add as much as $28 trillion to the annual global GDP. That should be  incentive enough for us to work to ensure that our government  understands and has the capabilities to meet the unique economic needs  of women, particularly since women represent more than half the world's  population and a majority of the world's poor.   Now, in addition to serving on the Foreign Affairs Committee, I am  proud to be the co-chair of the Congressional Mongolian Caucus. We are  working with the Mongolian Government to support the cashmere  production industry to diversify its mining-dependent economy. Notably,  an average of 90 percent of the workers in the Mongolian textile sector  are female. So if we work to ensure that these women in the cashmere  industry have the support, resources, and financial literacy to  prosper, we will not only be boosting individual women, we will be  boosting an entire economy and will be boosting Mongolia overall.  [[Page H6337]]    This is just one example where uplifting women can benefit an entire  industry, a society, and a national prosperity, which, in turn, fosters  democratic stability. As Lois has said, when women succeed, the world  succeeds, so I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   