 Mr. Speaker, I oppose this continuing resolution. It is  staggering that yet again we are punting one of our core obligations as  a Congress: funding government programs.   We should be negotiating spending levels for 2018 for both defense  spending and nondefense spending. We should have spent the last few  months fulfilling our responsibility as legislators by writing  bipartisan bills to fund programs that help working families and the  middle class and the vulnerable, to support evidence-based scientific  research, and to help working people get the skills they need to find  good jobs with good wages.   Instead, Republicans have continued their irresponsible trend of  continuing resolution after continuing resolution. They fail to govern.  They create chaos.   This bill fails to support community health centers, which serve as  the primary healthcare provider for over 27 million people, including  disproportionately rural and low-income populations.   In 2016, over 376,000 patients across Connecticut received care at  the Connecticut Community Health Center. They cut taxes for insurance  companies while failing to fund community health centers. It is  shameful.   They won't work with Democrats to set budget numbers and ensure  parity for defense and nondefense spending. They put services and  investments critical to families and our communities at risk; from  apprenticeships to education for students with disabilities, to  childcare, to afterschool programs that help working families make ends  meet, and to financial aid for students attending college.   They include an extension for the Children's Health Insurance  Program, but they cut out the Medicare extenders and other healthcare  programs. But they should be ashamed of the months of fear and turmoil  they have caused to children and their families who will be unable to  get help at community healthcare centers.    They had the time to cram a tax scam through the Congress before the  end of the year.    Yet, for the vulnerable children, we have dragged our  feet for months. Shameful.   Let me just say, the President Trump and the Republican majority who  try to cast the blame for this shutdown on the Democrats--let me just  remind this body and the American people that 9 months ago the  President said: Our country needs a good shutdown in September to fix  this mess.   Well, the President may get what he wants and what he desires as a  government shutdown, but it is not because of the Democrats. It is  because of the intractability of the Republican majority in this House  and this administration to move forward on behalf of the American  people. It is not the Democrats. President Trump has called for a  shutdown of this government.   