 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to voice my strong support  for the farm bill that the Senate is currently considering.   First, I would like to thank Chairman Roberts and Ranking Member  Stabenow for their strong leadership on this bipartisan bill. When I  first became a Senator just months ago, I asked for a seat on the  Agriculture Committee, and I immediately formed a farm bill working  group in Minnesota so that I could hear from farmers and ranchers,  foresters, researchers, rural community leaders, and Tribes, as well as  experts on nutrition, energy, and conservation, to make sure that  Minnesota's priorities were included in this farm bill.   In the last few months, in Minnesota, my staff and I have convened  over 30 listening sessions around the State, and I am very grateful for  the input and ideas we have gotten through the farm bill process.   The farm bill touches the lives of virtually every American, and it  is vital to my State's economy. This bill will provide important  stability and predictability to Minnesota farmers, ranchers, rural  communities, and Indian Country, while also sustaining tens of  thousands of Minnesota jobs.   The farm bill works when all three pillars of the bill work together:  traditional farm programs, rural development, and nutrition. If we  remove one of these pillars, the farm bill will not be able to stand.   The nutrition programs reauthorized by the Senate farm bill are of  vital importance. According to the Agriculture Department, in 2016,  over 41 million people, including millions of children across the  country, lived in food-insecure households. This is why, when you talk  to farmers and ranchers in my State, they know how important it is to  support nutrition programs, and they understand, as I do, that any  efforts to weaken nutrition programs will ensure that this bill does  not pass.   I was proud to be able to participate in crafting the farm bill as a  member of the Agriculture Committee. It was a truly bipartisan process,  an example of how we can get things done when we work together.   I am very happy that this bill includes many of the provisions I  worked hard on, on behalf of Minnesota. For example, the Senate bill  maintains the sugar program, which is so important to Minnesota's sugar  beet farmers. The sugar industry employs about 29,000 people in  Minnesota and provides 142,000 jobs nationwide. Sugar is a $20 billion- a-year industry--$3.4 billion in my State alone.   The U.S. sugar policy runs at zero cost and ensures that American  farmers are on an even playing field against subsidized foreign sugar.  Any amendment that threatens the safety net for sugar farmers could put  many farmers into bankruptcy and should be opposed.   This farm bill also expands gains made in the dairy safety net  earlier this year. I pushed for these improvements to help Minnesota  dairy farmers who are facing falling milk prices.   I am pleased that this farm bill will establish a new national animal  disease preparedness, response, and recovery program. I heard about the  need for vaccine banks and animal disease readiness at a poultry  testing lab in Willmar, MN. When Minnesota was hit hard by the avian  flu outbreak that resulted in the deaths of nearly 9 million turkeys  and chickens, we knew this new program was needed.   I have also pushed for other Minnesota priorities that came out of  the many conversations we had with Minnesotans. I worked hard to make  sure this bill advances conservation programs so farmers have the  opportunity to start new conservation plans and then keep them going  over the long term to protect the environment and increase  productivity.   I supported Ranking Member Stabenow's Timber Innovation Act. This  bill encourages new and innovative uses for wood in building  construction, which is important for the timber industry in my State.   I am very proud that this bill expands programs I advocated for to  help beginning farmers and traditionally disadvantaged farmers. We need  to make sure producers from diverse backgrounds are able to access USDA  services. In my State, this means Native American farmers, Hmong,  Latino, Somali farmers, and veteran farmers.   Today, as our farmers face deep uncertainty around tariffs, this bill  includes bipartisan provisions to increase funding for USDA trade  promotion activities. International markets are essential to the  profitability of many farmers, including in Minnesota.   This bill also helps to protect Native food products from fraudulent  imposters on the market. For example, some food businesses are trying  to mimic or replicate unique Tribal food products, such as Minnesota  wild rice, and then sell those foods on the marketplace as  ``traditional'' food items.   Developing new international markets through trade promotion is  something Minnesota farmers and leaders in Indian Country have been  calling for, and we do it in this bill.   As ranking member of the Rural Development and Energy Subcommittee, I  am very happy that this bill has a strong energy title. I introduced  legislation outlining a roadmap for this title in the farm bill, and I  led a bipartisan coalition of my colleagues urging the committee to  fund and strengthen the many successful energy programs at USDA.   One example is the Rural Energy for America Program, which helps ag  producers, local businesses, and rural communities develop energy  efficiency and renewable energy projects that create jobs, cut energy  bills, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.   Another example is the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased  Product Program. American farmers can provide the raw material for  high-value products that replace and improve on products typically made  from oil. Bioplastics, for example, are better for the planet than  traditional plastics.   Another message I hear all the time as I meet with rural development  leaders across Minnesota is the need for reliable internet service.  Broadband is the infrastructure of the 21st-century economy. It is not  just nice to have; it is necessary if we are going to build an economy  that works for everyone. Whether you are a student doing your homework,  a business owner selling your products, a farmer using modern precision  agriculture equipment, or a person who is trying to access healthcare,  you need access to broadband internet service. I am very glad this bill  incorporates my Community Connect Grant Program Act to authorize and  increase funding for this important effort. The bill also seeks to  modernize speeds so that those living  [[Page S4700]]  in rural communities don't get stuck with lower service quality than  those living in urban areas.   The Community Connect Broadband Grant Program will create better  broadband access to unserved remote and Tribal communities and help  spur economic growth in rural America. It is a step forward and one of  the many things that we need to do to connect Minnesotans to people  across the Nation with affordable, reliable internet service.   I also hear from Minnesotans about their love of local produce and  the importance of supporting regional food economies. I am happy to see  that this bill creates a streamlined Local Agriculture Market Program  to support developing local and regional food systems, and it increases  mandatory funding for organic research, another priority of mine.   I am proud that this bill includes the Rural Health Liaison  legislation, which I worked on with Senator Jones from Alabama and  Senator Rounds of South Dakota. The Rural Health Liaison will encourage  collaboration between USDA and Health and Human Services to address the  specific healthcare needs of rural communities.   I am pleased to see the inclusion of my bill encouraging USDA to  assist veterans in joining the agriculture workforce after leaving  service. This is going to expand access and job opportunities for  returning servicemembers.   As we consider the farm bill on the Senate floor, we also need to  listen to all of our communities, including leaders in Indian Country.  We have many good provisions in the bill for Native communities. In  addition to addressing Tribal food fraud, this bill requires the  Secretary of Agriculture to support greater inclusion of Tribal  products in Federal trade promotion efforts. It also expands  eligibility for forestry program funding to include the 1994 Tribal  colleges so more students in Minnesota and around the country can get  involved in forestry research.   I was glad to join Senator Heitkamp in supporting a new technical  assistance program that will help Tribes access rural development  initiatives and will authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to  designate Tribal promise zones to further improve access to Federal  economic development resources.   Finally, I am eager to see Native farmers in Minnesota take advantage  of the improved resources for socially disadvantaged farmers and  ranchers in this bill. There are so many opportunities for success in  agriculture, and it is important that USDA resources are available to  all communities. But there is a lot left to be done. We still need to  access many more USDA programs for Native Americans and empower Tribes  to make sure that these programs work for Tribal communities.   We need more investment in conservation projects, and we should allow  Tribes to develop their own technical standards for conservation based  on their traditions and ecological knowledge.   When I first became a Senator, I asked to be a member of the Indian  Affairs Committee. As the newest member of that committee, I have  picked up on a couple of themes.   One is that virtually every program for Indian Country is  underfunded, and, two, we have to empower Tribes to create solutions  that work for their members. We need to listen to leaders in Indian  Country and make sure that the farm bill works for them.   I introduced an amendment to make sure that Tribes have the authority  to administer the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP.  This is a top priority of the Native Farm Bill Coalition.   Over 360 federally recognized Tribes participate in Tribal self- governance programs at the Indian Health Service and at the Department  of the Interior. With a 30-year proven track record, Tribal self- governance is widely considered by Tribes and stakeholders as one of  the most successful Federal Indian policies. Approximately 25 percent  of Native Americans receive some type of Federal food assistance, and  in some Tribal communities, participation is as high as 80 percent.  Giving Tribes the authority to administer SNAP will allow them to meet  the specific needs of their communities to fight hunger.   I am hopeful that this very important, bipartisan amendment will get  proper consideration.   We need to pass this farm bill now to give the farmers and ranchers  certainty.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   