 Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to urge my colleagues  to support the passage of H.R. 5787, the Strengthening Coastal  Communities Act of 2018.   Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking Chairman Bishop and Ranking  Member Grijalva for working with myself and Congressman Dunn to quickly  pass this important piece of legislation.   In my home State of Delaware and in communities all over the country,  our beaches and coastlines are critical not only for their  contributions to our economy, but also for their natural beauty. For  too long, those communities were encroached upon by overly ambitious  development. That development was, in part, aided by programs that were  put in place by the Federal Government.   In the 1980s, Congress recognized the burden that development was  placing on local communities and passed the Coastal Barrier Resources  Act. The act ensured that certain coastal areas were removed from the  Federal programs that incentivized increased development.   Through the creation of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources  System, coastal communities across the United States were able to  ensure that their cherished natural heritage was protected and  preserved for generations to come.   As the years passed, the coastal communities across America evolved.  The Coastal Barrier Resources Act should have evolved as well.  Unfortunately, that didn't happen, and it has been far too long since  the maps designating areas belonging to the Coastal Barrier Resources  System were updated. It was through the efforts of the Members of those  coastal communities that this problem was identified.   We are the people's House, and the Strengthening Coastal Communities  Act of 2018 emanated from the thoughts and concerns of everyday  citizens. It was the voice of a Member of my home State of Delaware  that brought the issue to my attention, and I would be remiss if I  didn't recognize him.   Tom D'Amico, the president of the South Shore Homeowners Association,  shared with me just how badly outdated the maps were. Tom and other  coastal Delawareans told me that the only way in which the Coastal  Barrier Resources Act could truly be effective is if the maps  designating the exempt areas were kept up-to-date.   I should also recognize the efforts of my State's senior Senator and  ranking member on the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works,  Tom Carper. I know that Senator Carper has been paying very close  attention to this issue, as it has impacted our shorelines for many  years.   Finally, I recognize my friend and gentleman from Florida (Mr. Dunn).  While, initially, Members from many States had introduced legislation  updating maps for their individual States, it became clear that one  bill that would update all the maps across the country would be the  most effective and efficient way to accomplish our goals. When I came  to Congress, I made a promise to the people of Delaware to work with  other Members not based on the letter that was next to their name, but  rather by finding Members with common interests, common challenges, and  those who were willing to work to find common solutions. I am proud to  have found a partner for this bill in Mr. Dunn.   From the coasts of Delaware to Florida, to Louisiana, to Hawaii, and  to the Virgin Islands, we all have a common interest in maintaining the  natural beauty of our great country. While development is crucial to  the continued economic growth in our country, we recognize that not  every place is appropriate for development. We should not only  acknowledge the wisdom of the 97th United States Congress in passing  the Coastal Barrier Resources Act, but do everything possible to uphold  its legacy by ensuring that the maps are updated and modernized, as  this bill has done.   Mr. Speaker, I also recognize Congressman Tom Evans, who was an  original cosponsor from the State of Delaware.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   