 Mr. Speaker, Democrats understand the critical  responsibility we have to keep our government funded and to serve the  needs of the American people. But House Republicans are driving our  Nation to the brink of another disastrous government shutdown.   Republicans, who control the House, the Senate, and the White House,  have the power to keep our government open. Yet, at a time of great  economic uncertainty and right in the middle of the holiday season,  Republicans are refusing to stand up to the President who made it clear  he would be proud to shut down the government if he cannot force  American taxpayers to spend billions of dollars on an immoral,  ineffective, and expensive wall.   The fact is that serious homeland security vulnerabilities will not  be addressed if the President is allowed to squander $5.7 billion on a  border wall. This includes not being able to hire more law enforcement  agents to focus on opioid, gang, trade, and child exploitation  investigations; no funding to recapitalize the Coast Guard's air and  sea fleets, including the procurement of our first heavy icebreaker  since the 1970s. As Arctic ice recedes, Russia, China, and other  countries are winning the race to lay claim to the vast resources of  that region where, at times, there is no U.S. presence.  [[Page H10495]]    There will be no funding to hire additional Customs officers to  intercept illicit drugs and other contraband, almost all of which comes  into our country through the ports of entry.   Mr. Speaker, there will be no increased funding for first responder  grants to help States and localities better prepare and respond to  terrorism and disasters of every kind.   All of these funding needs have strong, bipartisan support, yet these  critical national security needs simply cannot be met if we waste $5.7  billion on an overly expensive and unnecessary border wall.   On election day, the American people sent a message that they want a  government that works for them. Unfortunately, House Republicans  continue to ignore them and are steering our Nation into a Trump  shutdown. The Senate passed a clean, bipartisan CR extension to keep  our government open. It is time for House Republicans to do the same on  behalf of the American people.   