 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, every Member of this body is only a few  generations removed from the immigrant experience. At some point in the  recent past, each of our ancestors made the courageous decision to  leave his home in search of a better life in America. Each of them took  a risk. They didn't know what awaited them in this country, but they  believed that through their own hard work and determination, they could  succeed.   My mother took a huge risk when she brought my brothers and me to  this country. Leaving her entire family behind, she packed our  belongings into one suitcase, and we set sail for Hawaii. We grew up  poor, but Mom worked so hard every day to build a life for us in this  country. She worked minimum-wage jobs with no health insurance. We  moved apartments and schools every few years. Eventually, we were able  to bring my grandparents to Hawaii from Japan. So I understand as an  immigrant how important family unification is to immigrant families.   I share my story not because I think it is particularly extraordinary  but because it is a story that millions of families in our country  share. The same hopes that drove my mom to risk everything to bring us  to America are reflected in the stories of millions of immigrant  families across the country, and they are reflected in the lives of  Dreamers, whose futures are now at risk because of the President's  decision to end the DACA Program.   More than 15,000 young people have already lost their protection from  deportation as a result of the President's decision, and 122 more will  lose DACA protection every single day. It was with this sense of  urgency in mind that I joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues at  the White House yesterday to find a path forward to protect the  Dreamers. The President took great pains to appear reasonable and eager  to make a deal, but we left yesterday's meeting without much clarity  about where he stood.   Only a few days ago, the President threatened to hold Dreamers  hostage until he got $18 billion to build the wall. I would call that  his vanity project. In response to my question at yesterday's meeting,  the President appeared to demonstrate some flexibility on this issue,  but after the Freedom Caucus spent yesterday afternoon warning of a  potential betrayal on so-called ``amnesty,'' the President reaffirmed  in a tweet his hard-line position that funding for the wall must be  part of any deal on Dreamers.   Between insisting on building an unnecessary wall, demonizing family  reunification, and peddling misinformation about the diversity visa  lottery, the President lost track of what is really at stake here--the  inspiring young people whose lives he has left hanging in the balance.   Before the holidays, it was heartening to see so many Dreamers from  all across the country taking direct action in the halls of Congress to  fight for their futures. I spoke with a number of these young people,  like Victor from Houston, who traveled for days to make his voice heard  in Congress.   Victor's parents were seasonal farmworkers who traveled to the  strawberry fields of Florida every year. They settled down in Houston  and saved money for a car and an apartment. They sent for Victor and  his sister when he was only 4 years old.   Victor spent most of his childhood not even knowing his immigration  status. It wasn't until he came home one day with a permission slip to  join his middle school class on a trip to Spain that his mom told him  that he was undocumented. Learning what it meant to be undocumented-- that if he traveled to Spain he couldn't come home--was really hard for  Victor, but he tried to put it from his mind.   As the years passed, it got harder for Victor to grapple with his  status. He loved going to school, but he knew as an undocumented  immigrant that his options after he graduated from high school were  limited. He developed depression, and his grades suffered. But a few  months after graduation, President Obama created the DACA Program, and  Victor successfully applied for it.   Victor told me that even though he had DACA, he was still too afraid  to talk about his status with anyone. During the 2016 election, this  changed. He confronted his friends who voted for Donald Trump and  shared what losing DACA would mean for him.   On September 5, Victor knew there would be an announcement about his  future. He put his phone away and started cleaning his house to  distract him from what was about to happen. Eventually he ran out of  distractions and sat down to watch Attorney General Jeff Sessions' DACA  announcement. Victor began to cry. In the days that followed, Victor  started having panic attacks--sometimes as many as five to seven per  day. He was afraid to get in the car because he didn't want to hurt  anyone if he got a panic attack while driving. A few weeks later,  Victor showed up for his first United We Dream event in Houston. There  he met fellow Dreamers and allies committed to fighting for him. He  told me that it was amazing to see so many people show up in support  and solidarity.   Victor made himself a promise that once the Dream Act passes, he is  going to go back to school to study psychology so that he can help LGBT  youth like him. Before he left, Victor said something really  insightful. He said that it is really important for people to come out  of the shadows to tell their stories because once you tell your story,  then they can no longer demonize you.   I couldn't agree more.   Fighting to protect Dreamers is about much more than the law. It is  about compassion and basic human decency. Late last night, Dreamers won  a temporary reprieve when a district court judge in San Francisco  issued a preliminary injunction to reinstate the DACA Program for  existing enrollees. The judge said that ending DACA in the way the  administration ended it was arbitrary and capricious. This was an  important victory, for now. It is just a temporary injunction, a  temporary reprieve. So I agree with my Democratic leader that we cannot  allow this decision to make us think that we are out of the woods, not  at all. It cannot dim our resolve to pass the Dream Act. The fight  continues.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   