 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3326, the World Bank  Accountability Act of 2017.   Let me be clear, from the outset, that I support the World Bank and  its mission. The World Bank is a vital source of financial and  technical assistance to developing countries. It works to reduce  poverty and support development around the globe.   Let me also be clear that I support this bill's authorization of  $3.29 billion to the World Bank's International Development  Association, which provides grants and very low-interest loans to the  poorest 77 countries on the planet. These countries use this funding  for a wide array of investments in areas like education, health, public  administration, infrastructure, and resource development, but when I  voted for this bill in committee, I joined the ranking member and the  rest of my Democratic colleagues in making clear that my support was  dependent on working together on making changes to the bill as we moved  to the floor.   This is about the right of the minority to provide meaningful input  into legislation, and that was an agreement that we struck before we  voted on the bill.   Despite Democrats' best efforts, that did not happen, and there  continue to be provisions in this bill that need to be addressed.   For example, the bill calls for withholding 30 percent of the U.S.  contribution to IDA in any year over a 6-year period in which the  Treasury Secretary cannot certify to Congress that the World Bank has  adopted or is taking steps to implement two sets of reforms mandated in  the bill.   In addition, if the Treasury Department cannot report that the World  Bank has met either or both of these reforms in any given year, the  bill forces U.S. funding to the World Bank to be withheld and makes it  more difficult for the World Bank to implement these reforms going  forward.    As currently drafted, this bill reflects a total misunderstanding of  how the international system works. Multilateral institutions, like the  World Bank, which we set up, require sustained U.S. involvement and  leadership.   It is unrealistic to think that the U.S. can impose its will on the  World Bank. Withholding funds is not an effective approach to reform.  The only way to achieve the reforms we are seeking at the World Bank is  through our participation and commitment.   At times like this, we must not retreat from our involvement or  responsibility on the world stage.    Placing restrictions on our involvement or undermining  international efforts that promote growth and reduce poverty is not  something that we should support.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage every Member in the House to vote ``no'' on  this bill.   