 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there is an old saying that ``there  is no such thing as a free lunch,'' but what about other things? What  about free Spanish language driver's education classes? What about free  backpacks, notebooks, pencils, and school supplies in the month before  school starts? What about free financial wellness workshops, free  turkeys in the week before Thanksgiving?   These thing are all given away at events hosted by the LIBRE  Initiative--a self-described grassroots organization dedicated to a  ``free and open society.'' The events were held in Latino communities  throughout the country, including Las Vegas, Miami, and Orlando.   People attending these events were asked to fill out a questionnaire.  Questions included:   ``Are you more likely to vote for a Republican or a Democrat in the  2016 election?''   ``Do you feel the government should increase or decrease Federal  spending in order to improve the economy?''   ``What is your name, email address, and telephone number?''   People actually had to hand over their personal data in exchange for  the free stuff. So the stuff wasn't really free after all--but close  enough, right?   Well, in a career spent as a prosecutor, I have learned one thing:  Always follow the money. If you follow the money just one step back,  you learn that LIBRE is a shell organization funded by Charles and  David Koch, two of the most powerful men in American politics. Charles  and David Koch are the owners of Koch Industries, a massive energy  company that manufactures, distributes, and refines petroleum. Koch  Industries is one of the largest privately held companies in the  Nation, with estimated annual revenues of over $100 billion.   What does all this mean? It means the Koch brothers are two very rich  men, and there is nothing wrong with that. What is wrong is the way the  Koch brothers use their money to hijack our democracy for their own  benefit.   The Koch brothers are self-described radicals who believe the  government should play no role in Americans' lives. The Koch brothers  believe in a world with no Medicare, no Social Security, no Federal  minimum wage, no public programs that support families when they fall  on hard times, and no rules preventing Koch Industries from polluting  our air, drinking water, or our public lands.   The Koch brothers hate environmental regulations because Koch  Industries is one of the top 10 worst polluters in the United States.  Fewer environmental regulations mean the Koch brothers can obtain  bigger financial gains.   To keep their empire afloat, the Koch brothers are not just polluting  our environment, they are polluting our political system, and they are  polluting our airways with false advertising.   The Kochs want Americans to believe climate change is a conspiracy,  despite the global scientific consensus that climate change is caused  by burning fossil fuels. Why would they want to cast doubt on  scientific fact? Because the Koch brothers sell and burn fossil fuels  for a living, and they believe protecting our environment is bad for  their bottom line.   To protect their bottom line, the Kochs funnel money through a  network of nonprofit organizations, foundations, and shell companies.  These companies lobby the government, produce fake research reports,  and run ad campaigns to manipulate and deceive the American people.   Buying a democracy does not come cheap, but the Koch brothers are not  stingy. In 2010, the year Citizens United opened the floodgates for big  money in politics, the Kochs spent $125 million to support Republican  candidates who pledged to roll back environmental and consumer  protections.   Since the 2010 elections, their influence has grown. They have spent  hundreds of millions of dollars supporting candidates who spread lies  that climate change is a conspiracy, that immigrants cause crime, and  that more money in the Koch brothers' pocket means more money in yours.   Now, the Koch brothers have big plans for the upcoming 2018 election.  They have announced they will spend $400 million in the upcoming  election cycle--their largest midterm election investment yet. Much of  that money will be spent directly targeting Latinos through  advertisements, events, and workshops.   The Koch brothers think they can buy the Latino vote, just like they  bought the votes of the House Freedom Caucus and so many other  Republican politicians, but despite what their ads say, the Koch  brothers are not advocates for the Latino community. They are advocates  for more money in their own pockets, nothing more.   The Koch brothers have supported some of the most anti-immigrant  politicians in America, including Louie Gohmert, Mike Pompeo,  Steve  King, Russell Pearce, and Kris Kobach. These are the men responsible  for policies like Trump's Muslim ban and Arizona's anti-immigrant law,  SB 1070.   The Koch brothers support politicians who want to end government  funding for Planned Parenthood. If they get their way, Latinas would be  hurt the most. More than 23 percent of Planned Parenthood patients are  Latinas.   Latinas are more likely to be diagnosed with cervical cancer than  women in any other racial or ethnic group. Planned Parenthood gives  them access to annual screenings so they can stay healthy and cancer- free.   The Koch brothers support school choice, which they say gives Latino  families more freedom in how they educate their kids, but school choice  vouchers take money out of the public school system, causing many  Latino kids whose parents can't afford private schools to fall behind.  [[Page S2375]]    The Koch brothers are close allies of Betsy DeVos, our current  Education Secretary. Her claim to fame is her role in dragging  Michigan's public education system to the bottom of national rankings  and leaving thousands of students without access to a quality  education.   To make matters worse, the Kochs are working to undermine access to  health insurance for working people. Latinos are less likely to have  health insurance than any other racial or ethnic group. Without health  insurance, a trip to the ER can result in a bill so expensive that a  family can't pay their rent for months.   Organizations like LIBRE will tell you their agenda is designed to  promote freedom and self-sufficiency. They put out propaganda implying  that Democrats don't believe in freedom because we believe government  has a role in protecting access to affordable healthcare, clean water,  air, and quality schools. The Koch brothers love freedom, but their  freedom is to pollute our rivers, streams, and our air.   Democrats believe in a different kind of freedom--the freedom to  breathe clean air and drink clean water, the freedom to walk away from  a trip to the ER without a medical bill that costs more than what you  make in a year, and the freedom to walk into Planned Parenthood and  walk out with information you need to make your own reproductive  choices.   We don't believe in the kind of freedom that allows Charles and David  Koch to pull the strings of our democracy. How can anyone call that  freedom at all?   What the Koch brothers and their web of dark money organizations like  LIBRE are really doing is deceiving Latinos and supporting the very  same politicians who are working against Latino families.   So, this year, as the Koch brothers are pulling out their checkbooks  to fund their disinformation campaign, follow the money. Follow the  money to find out who is paying for that glossy ad you see on TV.  Follow the money that flows through LIBRE and other Koch-backed  organizations to politicians who vote against immigrants, Dreamers, and  refugees.   The Koch brothers have spent millions of dollars funding Tea Party  candidates in Congress--the main obstacles to immigration reform. What  good are school supplies and driver's education classes and free health  checkups if parents of American citizens are getting deported, if  schools in our communities are being gutted, and if community health  clinics are closing their doors?   The Latino community in Nevada, and in communities of color across  America, are strong, resilient, and diverse. We will not be fooled by  false advertising.   So many of our family members came to this country because they knew  what it was like to live under the rule of oligarchs and elites. They  came here because they wanted to have the freedom to pursue their  dreams.   Charles and David Koch want to buy Latino votes, buy our voices, and  buy our democracy, which folks like my dad Manny Cortez worked all of  their lives to protect.   But I believe in the wisdom of the American people. I believe in the  wisdom of our voters who will fight the lies, just as they did in  Nevada 2 years ago. I have seen the Kochs' power and influence  firsthand. They spent $10 million trying to defeat me in 2016. They  threw millions into LIBRE to buy off Latino voters in Nevada. But they  failed because Democrats in Congress continued to beat the drum and  make voters aware of the lies, and I will keep fighting to do the same  in the Senate.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   