 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  6459, the ``TSA OPEN for Business Act,'' which amends the Homeland  Security Act of 2002, to diversify the technology stakeholder  marketplace for TSA acquisitions.   I would like to thank Ranking Member Thompson for his leadership on  the Committee on Homeland Security and for introducing this important  bill to improve transportation security.   H.R. 6459 directs the Administrator of the U.S. Transportation  Security Administration to develop and submit to Congress a strategy to  diversify the technology stakeholder marketplace regarding the  acquisition by the TSA of security screening technologies.   That strategy must include:  [[Page H7791]]    1. Information on how Administration solicitation, testing,  evaluation, piloting, acquisition, and procurement processes impact the  Administrator's ability to acquire from a technology stakeholder,  including a small business innovator, that has not previously provided  technology to the Administration, an innovative technology or  capability with the potential to enhance transportation security;   2. Specific actions that the administrator will take to foster  diversification within the technology stakeholder market along with a  timeline for such actions;   3. Plans for how the administrator may assist a small business  innovator at certain points in such process; and   4. A feasibility assessment of partnering with an organization  described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and  exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code.   I represent the 18th Congressional District of Texas which is  situated in Houston and home to 2 major airports, the George Bush  International Airport and William P. Hobby Airport, which are essential  hubs for domestic and international air travel for Houston and the  region.   Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through George Bush  International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled  through William P. Hobby (HOU).   More than 650 daily departures occur at George Bush International  Airport, which is also the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for total  passenger traffic and annually handles more than 419,205 metric tons of  cargo.   As better transportation security technology becomes available, it is  imperative that it be adequately evaluated for use in our nation's  airports.   The size of a company should not limit it from contributing to the  important work of aviation security.   We should support advances in transportation security technology that  are positive and help fulfill the TSA's mission to protect our nation's  transportation systems from terrorist threats.   I ask that all members join me in voting to pass H.R. 6459, the ``TSA  OPEN for Business Act.''    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6443,  the ``Advancing Cybersecurity Diagnostics and Mitigation Act'' which  codifies the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) Program  administered by the Department of Homeland Security.   At a time when the computer networks of our government are under  constant attack, and have suffered serious breaches in recent years, we  must take action to ensure that the information of our citizens and the  ability of federal agencies to carry out their duties are resilient.   As a long-time advocate of a government that works efficiently for  the people, it is clear that current information security practices of  federal agencies are neither sufficient nor consistent.   Without an honest effort to even get to obtain a view of the security  state of federal networks, users, and devices, we will continue to be  increasingly vulnerable.   To that end, H.R. 6443 recognizes the importance of a dynamic  approach that will help secure federal networks and data, as well as  provide improved information on vulnerabilities and security practices  across the various agencies.   In particular, this measure codifies the Continuous Diagnostics and  Mitigation (CDM) Program to which:   1. Deploys DHS sensors which perform ongoing scans for  vulnerabilities and known flaws; and   2. Feed the collected data to an enterprise dashboard to provide  increased insight into the information security posture of federal  agencies.   Without codifying this concrete measure to fortify federal networks  and devices, federal agencies will remain vulnerable.   While codifying the DHS CDM Program will harden the security posture  of the federal government, we are still suffering from a shortage of  workers with the requisite skills in this area.   To address this, I have introduced the Cyber Security Education and  Federal Workforce Enhancement Act (H.R. 1981), which would address our  cyber workforce shortage by establishing an Office of Cybersecurity  Education and Awareness within DHS which will focus on:   1. Recruiting information assurance, cybersecurity, and computer  security professionals;   2. Providing grants, training programs, and other support for  kindergarten through grade 12, secondary, and post-secondary computer  security education programs;   3. Supporting guest lecturer programs in which professional computer  security experts lecture computer science students at institutions of  higher education;   4. Identifying youth training programs for students to work in part- time or summer positions at federal agencies; and   5. Developing programs to support underrepresented minorities in  computer security fields with programs at minority-serving  institutions, including Historically Black Colleges and Universities,  Hispanic-serving institutions, Native American colleges, Asian-American  institutions, and rural colleges and universities.   Mr. Speaker, government agencies and the private sector alike  continue to struggle to identify the motivations and methods behind a  cyber-attack and, in many cases, lack timely information on tactics and  techniques hackers are using.   Despite this, the White House has eliminated the position of  Cybersecurity Coordinator from the National Security Council.   This occurred even after Federal Risk Determination Reports found  that communication of threat information within agencies is also  inconsistent, with only 59 percent of agencies reporting a capability  to share threat information to all employees within an enterprise so  they have the knowledge necessary to block attacks.   Federal agencies are not taking advantage of all available  information such as threat intelligence, incident data, and network  traffic flow to improve situational awareness regarding systems at risk  and to prioritize investments.   For this reason, earlier this Congress, I introduced H.R. 3202, the  ``Cyber Vulnerability Disclosure Reporting Act'', which was passed by  the full House and is now in the Senate.   H.R. 3202 requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a  report on the policies and procedures developed for coordinating cyber  vulnerability disclosures.   The report will include an annex with information on instances in  which cyber security vulnerability disclosure policies and procedures  were used to disclose details on identified weaknesses in computing  systems or digital devices at risk.   The report will provide information on the degree to which the  information provided by DHS was used by industry and other  stakeholders.   I would also like to recognize the University of Houston, which has  been recognized by the Department of Homeland Security and the National  Security Agency as a Center of Academic Excellence for the programs in  cybersecurity and cyber defense.   In closing, Mr. Speaker, I urge all members to join me in voting to  pass H.R. 6433, the ``Advancing Cybersecurity Diagnostics and  Mitigation Act''.  [[Page H7796]]     Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5869, the  ``Maritime Border Security Review Act,'' which directs the Secretary of  the Department of Homeland Security to submit a report on DHS's  maritime border threat analysis based on the work that the agency is  doing to secure the border.   During the markup of this legislation by the Committee on Homeland  Security, a Jackson Lee amendment for this bill was adopted.   This Jackson Lee Amendment requires a review of the metrics and  performance parameters used by the Department of Homeland Security to  evaluate maritime security effectiveness.   This amendment will provide a report on the data that is required by  this bill's report.   The generation, collection, and use of data can create greater  transparency on processes that can better inform our work on the  Committee.   Reporting requirements are an important committee oversight tool that  can provide relevant information on the programs and policies  authorized by Congress.   The more important aspects of data collection require that the  information be relevant, accurate, and consistent.   The private sector is making great strides in the use of data science  and big data to better understand the past and present in order to make  more informed decisions that will impact the future.   Data collected and used for the purposes of this bill can support  data analytics for Maritime Border Security.   Data analytics is the process of examining data sets in order to draw  conclusions about the information they contain, increasingly with the  aid of specialized systems and software.   Data analytics technologies and techniques are widely used in  commercial industries to enable organizations to make more-informed  business decisions and by scientists and researchers to verify or  disprove scientific models, theories and hypotheses.   The Jackson Lee amendment supports data analytics for the maritime  border threat analysis the bill will provide to the committee.   I urge my colleagues to vote for the passage of H.R. 5869.     Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6374, the  ``Fitness Information Transparency Act of 2018,'' or the ``FIT Act,''  which will streamline federal contractor fitness determinations for  receiving and maintaining contract awards for the Department of  Homeland Security.   This bill will standardize the fitness standards for contractors for  the Department of Homeland Security that reflect employability  standards to ensure contractors meet public trust obligations relating  to the work they will do on behalf of the American people.   During the Homeland Security Committee markup of H.R. 6374, an  amendment I offered was adopted.   The Jackson Lee Amendment improves the FIT Act by establishing an  ``Exigent Circumstances Fitness Determination Review'' process.   The Jackson Lee Amendment provides that ``The Chief Security Officer  may conduct an immediate review of a contractor employee's fitness  determination when a contractor employee has engaged in violent acts  against individuals, property, or public spaces based on the contractor  employee's association with persons or organizations that advocate,  threaten, or use force or violence, or any other illegal or  unconstitutional means, in an effort to prevent others from exercising  their rights under the Constitution or laws of the United States or of  any State, based on factors including, at a minimum, race, religion,  national origin, or disability.''   In July 2018, news reports surfaced that Northrup Grumman had  business with a government contractor who employed Michael Miselis, an  active member of the California-based Rise Above Movement (RAM), a  well-known violent white supremacist group.   RAM's membership has deep roots in California's racist skinhead  movement and the violence of RAM members has been a hallmark of the  group and its members.   The Anti-Defamation League describes RAM as a white supremacist group  whose members believe they are fighting against a ``modern world''  corrupted by the ``destructive cultural influences'' of liberals, Jews,  Muslims and non-white immigrants.   RAM members consider themselves to be part of the ``Alt Right'' and  operates like a street-fighting club.   RAM members actively train to do physical battle with their  ideological foes, and have been involved in violent clashes during  political rallies and demonstrations.   Mr. Miselis had a security clearance and worked for Northrup Grumman,  a major defense contractor, at the time he engaged in physical violence  against persons protesting racism and white supremacy in  Charlottesville, Virginia.   In May 2018, Northrup Grumman was informed of Mr. Miselis' membership  in RAM and the violent assaults he initiated while he was in  Charlottesville participating in activities in support of white  supremacy, which were captured on video and in photos.   Mr. Miselis worked for a government contractor and held a security  clearance authorizing him to work on projects that were of vital  interest to our nation and its defense.   Northrup Grumman did not dismiss him until the story broke earlier  this month with media reports on the violence Mr. Miselis engaged in at  the white supremacists' rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia.   Mr. Speaker, the United States is a nation of laws, which gives us  the freedom to agree, and most importantly disagree, with not only each  other, but with our government.   But the limitations on the right to express political views was best  described by Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., who said: ``The right  to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins.''   There is a limit to the expression of free speech and the freedom to  assemble and that limit is violence.   The awarding of security clearances to contractors must be better  managed and the consequences for involvement in activities that would  be cause for dismissal from the armed services or any federal agency  should not go unnoticed.   The Jackson Lee Amendment makes the clear statement to DHS  contractors that the awarding of contracts that involve the security of  our nation should not be taken lightly and that the allocation of  federal funds to contractors who employ persons who advocate or  participate in acts against persons on account of their race, creed,  religious beliefs, or gender who engage in constitutionally protected  activities will not be tolerated.   For these reasons, I support H.R. 6374 and urge my colleagues to  support this bill.   