 Mr. President, I thank Senator Merkley from Oregon for  his leadership and my other colleagues who are coming to the floor this  evening.   Like so many people across the country, I have been deeply affected  by what is happening on our southern border. Children are being ripped  away from their parents, placed into mass detention, deprived of  adequate legal counsel, and isolated from everyone they have ever  known. Millions of people are rising up with sorrow and horror over  what is happening and with good reason.   The President of the United States and this administration are  playing games with the lives of these innocent children, and when  confronted, they hide behind excuses that they are just ``following the  law.'' This is just another lie from a President and an administration  that have institutionalized lying to justify their unconscionable  policies. There is nothing in the law that requires a zero tolerance  approach at the border. It was a choice that Donald Trump and his  administration made, and these children are suffering the consequences.   The President's actions are unnecessary and cruel, but they aren't  particularly surprising, coming from him. On issue after issue, Donald  Trump creates a crisis through his own actions, blames others for what  is happening, and uses the ensuing chaos to demand a legislative  solution that often harms even more people.   It is up to each of us and to the millions of Americans outraged by  his actions to stand up, fight back, and demand action. This action  remains urgent, even after the President announced earlier today that  he would use his Executive authority to end family separation at the  border. This Executive order just creates an entirely new problem. It  does not end zero tolerance, and it does not end indefinite detention.  It only means children are going to be incarcerated together with their  parents. This is still unacceptable and echos back to one of the  darkest periods in our history when, during World War II, the U.S.  Government incarcerated 120,000 Japanese Americans. That this time we  are incarcerating non-Americans misses the point. Due process applies  to everyone--everyone--on American soil.   The President's order also instructs the Attorney General to  challenge the Flores settlement, which sets national standards for  humane treatment of children in immigration detention and ensures their  prompt release. The elimination of these national standards would have  profoundly negative consequences for thousands of children every year  and is yet another demonstration of the cruelty with which this  administration treats immigrants to our country.   The President has also hinted that legislation will accompany his  Executive action. Any legislative solution must result in less chaos  and more justice for these children and their families.   Congress certainly has a responsibility to repair our broken  immigration system, and we tried hard in 2013, with months of work and  bipartisan compromise. But we cannot and should not enact a patchwork  solution that enshrines Donald Trump's hatred and fear of immigrants  into law. We need to think through the inevitable consequences of our  policies and propose legislation that will actually help these families  and their children. This approach stands in stark contrast to a  President and an administration that rarely think things through. They  never stop to consider the consequences of their actions.   Instead of being ashamed about this, the President appears to take  pleasure in the chaos he sows, but this chaos causes real damage to  real people. These misguided, shoot-from-the-hip decisions of his have  already caused significant harm to thousands of children who will face  a lifetime of trauma after being separated from their parents.   Let me tell you a story. It is one I haven't told very often because  it is difficult to talk about. I often speak about my own immigrant  experience of coming to this country when I was 7 years old with my mom  and my older brother Roy. Mom was escaping an abusive marriage to start  a new life for us. Mom brought us two older kids with her, leaving my  3-year-old younger brother behind in Japan, because we were old enough  to go to school, and at 7 and 9 years old, we could look after  ourselves while she was at work supporting us. My younger brother left  back in Japan never really recovered from the trauma of the separation  from his mother and his siblings. My mother always had deep sorrow  about having to leave her baby behind. We finally reunited almost 3  years later.   What is happening to these children feels personal to me. Like so  many people, I find that my anger and emotion about this issue aren't  far below the surface for me. I am very concerned about what will  happen to these 2,400 children who have already been separated from  their parents. These children have already been traumatized.  [[Page S4295]]  Yet the President's Executive order does not prioritize reuniting these  children with their parents.   Years from now, stories will be written about this dark moment in our  Nation's history and what happened to these children. People will judge  what we did and how we responded.   I will continue to fight against this President's reprehensible  actions that dehumanize immigrants, tear families apart, and undermine  our country's moral leadership. I call on all of my colleagues,  especially those on the other side of the aisle, to join us in this  fight.   I yield the floor.   