 Mr. Speaker, this bill sets several incredibly damaging  precedents, fundamentally weakening the protections of our Nation's  threatened and endangered species.   The Endangered Species Act is one of the most effective and important  conservation laws ever passed by Congress. The success is due, in large  part, to a careful scrutiny of scientific evidence and the critical  analysis of all factors when making decisions on the status of a  species.   The Manage Our Wolves Act would remove protections under the ESA for  one of the Nation's iconic wildlife species, without an opportunity for  public participation in the rulemaking process for delisting. Even more  troubling, this bill would explicitly ban any judicial review of the  delisting of gray wolves in both the Great Lakes and nationwide.   No judicial oversight will be allowed for the removal of the science- based protections established under the Endangered Species Act. A  species is only listed as endangered or threatened, or delisted upon  its successful recovery, after a rigorous assessment of its extinction.   By eliminating judicial review of ESA delisting actions, this  legislation removes the ability of the public and the scientific  community to participate in the process. Access to a court of law is a  cornerstone of American democracy and a fundamental part of our  government.   The judicial branch is also where the American people can have their  voices heard and they can have a say in our system of checks and  balances. Stopping our independent Federal courts from reviewing the  actions of Federal agencies, or of Congress, violates this access to  justice principle. It is simply undemocratic. It undermines the  necessary oversight of government decisions.   For years, the courts have served as an important forum for  addressing disputes over ESA-related decisions. This legislation's  attempt to remove judicial review from the ESA decision has no  scientific or legal basis. It is simply a politically expedient move.   By prioritizing politics over conservation, this bill would cause  irreparable damage to the integrity of the Endangered Species Act and  sets a dangerous precedent of overriding the careful deliberations of  the court.   Mr. Speaker, we should not support legislatively mandating decisions  about vulnerable species. We should not circumvent the established  process for making ESA determinations.   For this reason, I would urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I was recently in Yellowstone in the last  month and a half. And, yes, there was a fire in Yellowstone. I am from  Minnesota. I know all about after fires go in, and the moose munch, as  we call it, around the boundary waters in the Voyageurs National Park  area comes back and you can start seeing moose. They start doing  better. The same thing is true of the elk. I saw elk literally right  out a car window. They are doing better.   But it is also very important to remember what Congressman DeFazio  said about how, when the wolves are interactive and they are part of  the regrowth and the rebirth of our forest system, the wolf, by being a  predator, helps protect the stream banks and the rest from the elk and  other animals from being on the stream banks and pressing them down.  That has a big ripple effect on fish and other wildlife in the  ecosystem, especially in Yellowstone.   So I appreciate the gentleman's remarks about Yellowstone, but it is  just not one thing that is causing the elk to come back healthy. It is  the wolf population, as well.   