 Madam President, first, I want to acknowledge and thank  Chairman Pat Roberts and Ranking Member Debbie Stabenow for their  incredible hard work and commitment to draft such a strong bipartisan  farm bill. We would not be here today if it weren't for their tenacity.  I think, more importantly, we would not be here today if it weren't for  their love of agriculture and their love of rural America. Knowing  these are challenging times in rural America, the one thing we can do  here is to take this important policy and enact it into law so that we  can give a 5-year window of certainty to American farmers and farmers  in my State.   Over 90 percent of the land in North Dakota is engaged in the  production of agriculture, whether it is farming or ranching. It is the  bedrock of what we do in North Dakota. In fact, it is who we are.   In every given year, 30,000 farmers and ranchers lead the Nation in  the production of over 10 different commodities. These agriculture  products are sold in every State and exported to every corner of the  globe. At a time when farm income is down and commodity prices have  declined, it is so important that we, as members of the Senate, work  together in a bipartisan way to provide our Nation's farmers and  ranchers with a strong farm bill. With disruptions in trade weighing  heavily on our agricultural producers, the single most important job  right now is to provide certainty to farmers and ranchers by passing  this farm bill and reauthorizing it beyond September 30, 2018.   In fact, it is important to note that net farm income since 2013 has  been literally cut in half. When people say: Why do we need a farm  bill? Why should we care? I would suggest that if we want food security  in this country and if we want to make sure that we have farmers in  this country, we need to care.   How many American families could really support or weather a 50- percent reduction in their income? When I first came to the Senate, I  was fortunate enough to receive a committee assignment on the Senate  Agricultural Committee, which for North Dakota is, quite honestly, the  highest and most important committee assignment.   Passing a strong, bipartisan farm bill has been my highest priority  since coming to the Senate. I helped to write, negotiate, and pass the  2014 farm bill, and as a member of the Ag Committee, I have been  working with farmers and ranchers to make sure that the 2018 farm bill  is as strong as possible for North Dakota.   Since 2014, when the farm bill was signed into law, I have heard from  countless farmers and ranchers about what programs worked and what  didn't work and how we can build a stronger rural America. While the  2014 farm bill addressed a number of key priorities needed to ensure an  effective safety net for farmers and ranchers, there were challenges  with aspects of the law. Understanding these concerns, I am pleased  that members of the committee, the current administration, the chair,  and ranking member have been willing partners in addressing these  important challenges.   In particular, I am excited that this bipartisan farm bill includes  language from our ARC-CO Improvement Act, a bill I introduced with  Senator Ernst last October. It works to strengthen  [[Page S4477]]  and improve the Agricultural Risk Coverage-County Program. This  language would direct the Farm Service Agency to use more widely  available data from the Risk Management Agency as the first choice in  calculating yields so that county level data is more accurate and  updated. This would calculate safety net payments to reflect what is  owed to producers in the physical county where their farms are located  and not where their farmstead is.   This bill succeeds in protecting and improving the safety net that  allows farmers and ranchers to weather the most difficult times and  thrive during favorable conditions. This bill extends and makes  improvements to the commodity programs passed in the 2014 farm bill and  maintains the farm safety net that is crop insurance.   I do want to give a shout out to my colleague Senator Roberts. Every  time there was testimony on the farm bill, he started with crop  insurance, crop insurance, crop insurance; and that is a sentiment that  is shared by almost every producer in my State.   From those provisions passed in 2014, this bill extends the livestock  disaster programs, which played a valuable role in North Dakota last  year as we experienced one of the worst droughts in our recent history.   Additionally, this farm bill includes a number of provisions that  work to improve access for beginning farmers and ranchers. Included in  the bipartisan bill is part of the Next Generation in Agriculture Act,  which I introduced with my colleague Senator Collins. It provides  baseline funding for the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development  Program, and it would codify positions at the USDA to coordinate  beginning farmer and rancher programs and to provide youth organization  outreach.    The average age of farmers in our State and across the country is way  too old. If we are going to help to build that next generation of  farmers, we are going to have to pay attention to those risks and  respond to those risks in a way that will make a difference for our  future production.   I am also excited that this legislation includes a number of  provisions that work to raise the profile of Indian Tribes within the  farm bill, and it includes a provision from the Tribal Food and Housing  Security Act, which I introduced earlier this year. Specifically, the  provision included from my bill would waive the majority, if not all,  of the administrative costs required to run the Food Distribution  Program on Indian Reservations, which Tribes use to provide healthy,  affordable food options to low-income individuals and families. It also  would establish a permanent Rural Development Tribal Technical  Assistance Office at USDA to provide rural development support for  Native American communities and to offer greater certainty for the  current Tribal Promise Zone designees.   As we consider the farm bill, I wanted to make sure that Indian  Country had a seat at the table, which is why I introduced this  legislation. Indian Country faces a unique set of challenges, many of  which can be addressed in the farm bill. I think sometimes we forget  that the fundamental occupation of many of the Tribal members in my  State is farming and ranching. I think we also sometimes forget that  they suffer not only historic challenges to economic development but,  as we are experiencing in all of rural America, challenges in economic  development that are not only from the reservation but also from being  rural.   Checkoff programs are vitally important for our ag commodities, as  they provide beneficial research, promotion, and education services to  the producers they represent. It is critical that these programs  function as intended in order to be preserved and protected from  unnecessary scrutiny. The beef checkoff program has not, for some time,  represented the majority view of beef producers and hasn't been  functioning as intended. As such, I strongly encourage my colleagues to  examine with a critical eye the Beef Promotion and Research Act of 1985  to ensure that the checkoff functions as a truly independent  organization, representing the needs and viewpoints of the majority of  our Nation's beef producers.   The farm bill also makes important investments in ag research and  enhances trade. I strongly believe that we need to increase our  investment in research. I am pleased to see a robust level of support  for our land-grant universities, and the inclusion of the Pollinator  Health Task Force and funding is maintained in this bill. But I agree  that more should be done in order to enhance agriculture so we may  continue to be competitive on the global stage.   With that said, we also have to improve market access and develop new  export opportunities for our agricultural products. In North Dakota, we  export soybeans to China, beans to Cuba, and barley to Mexico. And the  list goes on. Building upon these successes will play a critical role  in the improvement of the economic health of rural America.   During consideration of the farm bill, we must also work to protect  programs that are vitally important to farmers in my State who provide  and produce American-grown sugar. Last week, I had the opportunity to  deliver to each Senator a simple Hershey's candy bar with a sticker  labeling the cost of the sugar included. First, I am going to thank  Curt Knutson, a sugar beet farmer in the Red River Valley, who took  time to put these candy bars together for me. In fact, he said he saw a  rainy day, and he quickly put the stickers on.   I think you will hear a lot about the sugar program. People have  probably been down here telling you how it burdens the confectionary  industry and how this will, in fact, increase their costs. I think it  is absolutely critical that you know that in this candy bar--not this  big one, but a normal size one--there is only 2 cents' worth of sugar.   Did you know that in 1980, a candy bar like this cost 35 cents and  had 2 pennies' worth of sugar in it? Today, this same candy bar costs  $1.49, but still contains just 2 cents of sugar.   Don't let anyone tell you that we have a crisis as it relates to the  sugar program. The beet farmers and the sugar cane farmers guarantee a  steady supply of sugar in this country, and we know that we need to  maintain that industry in our State.   I would encourage everyone to keep that in mind as they are being  asked to roll back the sugar policy in the farm bill. Each year, our  sugar industry employs nearly 142,000 Americans in 22 States and  generates over $20 billion in economic activity. The policy that makes  it all possible--listen to this--is at a zero cost to taxpayers. Given  the economic importance of this industry to our Nation, it is critical  that we maintain the sugar program to protect the many jobs in this  industry and so that we can continue to enjoy American-grown sugar.   The chairman and ranking member really deserve incredible praise for  the work they have done collaboratively, not just with members of our  committee but, as you see in the back here, working with Members who  aren't on the Ag Committee to listen to their response. This farm bill  works to improve programs that were authorized by the 2014 farm bill  and to provide much needed certainty to farmers and ranchers.   I want to make a general observation. When all of us go home, we are  asked: Why can't you get anything done? Why can't you work together to  solve America's problems? I think it would be a wonderful way to exit  for the Fourth of July if we were allowed an opportunity to say in a  bipartisan way, after a robust discussion about amendments: We passed a  farm bill.   I know the Presiding Officer knows how important the farm bill is to  her State of Mississippi. She comes with that as her top priority.  Let's get this done. Let's work together. Let's try and overcome any  hurdles that we have right now. Let's tell the American people that,  when it comes to producing their food and having them access their  food, this food bill is possible in a time of great division in this  country.   I am proud to have been a member of the Ag Committee. I am proud to  say I played a role in improving this farm bill. I look forward to not  only passing it but seeing what comes out of the conference committee.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Alexis  Young, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for the  duration of today's session of the Senate.   