 Mr. Speaker, as always, I thank Chairman Royce and  Ranking Member Engel for their work in always bringing forth solid,  bipartisan bills to the House floor.   Mr. Speaker, I offer my full support for Ambassador Ann Wagner's bill  before us today, H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities  Prevention Act of 2018, of which I am proud to be a cosponsor. This  bill takes necessary and overdue steps to make preventing genocide and  other atrocities a priority in our foreign policy. Indeed, this bill  makes it clear that it will be the policy of the United States that the  prevention of genocide and other atrocities is not only in our national  security interests, but it is a core moral responsibility for us to do  so.   Far too often, these acts have been met with indifference,  indifference from responsible nations and indifference from those who  are not directly impacted by the mass murders and the torment and the  destruction. Elie Wiesel, this bill's namesake, challenged us to always  take sides, to not allow indifference or neutrality to dictate our  actions. As he said, ``Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the  victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.''   Our values and ideals as Americans dictate that we must do what we  can to prevent genocide, to prevent atrocities, and to prevent human  rights violations. This bill enshrines those principles. It ensures  that the United States is at the forefront of the fight against these  crimes against humanity, and will use the full weight and force of our  foreign policy to prevent them from ever happening again.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ambassador Wagner for authoring this bill, I  thank the chairman and the ranking member for bringing this bill to the  floor today, and I urge my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Royce for introducing  [[Page H6336]]  this important bipartisan measure before us today, and of course,  congratulate both him and Ranking Member Engel, who work so well in  bringing important legislation in a bipartisan manner to the floor  every day.   This is H.R. 5480, the Women's Entrepreneurship and Economic  Empowerment Act, and I am a proud cosponsor of this bipartisan measure.  We know that when women work, and the number of women in the workforce  is increasing, there is a corresponding growth in economies.   The benefit that results from empowering women and expanding their  economic activities are far reaching. They have a great society impact.  From the household to communities, to local, State, and the Federal  level, we would see drastic improvements if women not only had greater  access, but greater influence over income and finances.   Yet, sadly, women continue to face seemingly insurmountable barriers  that deter them from becoming full and equal members of society,  particularly when it comes to access to formal financial institutions,  and that is what this bill would do. It updates and expands USAID  policies with respect to microenterprise assistance authority, to chip  away at those barriers that exist now. It will also include support for  small- and medium-sized enterprises. These are the real drivers of  employment in so many places around the globe.   Also, it would provide women with greater access to economic  activities. It will improve the working environment for women and  support their property rights. It is a commonsense approach, Mr.  Speaker. By increasing women's participation in the workforce around  the world, we will be creating greater economic benefits with positive  implications for all aspects of society.   Mr. Speaker, I fully support Mr. Royce's measure. I urge my  colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time.    I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Royce and my friend from Florida,  Congresswoman Frankel, for bringing forward this important bipartisan  bill.   All countries of the world stand to benefit from the increased  participation of women in their economies and in their societies at  large.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote ``aye,'' and I yield back the  balance of my time.   