 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume, and I rise in opposition to H.R. 772.   This bill is completely unnecessary, overly prescriptive, and would  deny consumers critical information about the food that they eat.   At a time when our country is facing an obesity epidemic--I would  say, really, crisis--we should not be undermining efforts to educate  consumers about the nutritional value of foods, including calories.   As a country, we pay a high price for obesity. It is estimated that  medical costs for obesity top $190.2 billion, annually. Childhood  obesity alone is responsible for $14 billion in direct medical costs.  We should be embracing efforts to reduce this enormous cost to our  healthcare system. A Harvard study found restaurant menu labeling could  prevent up to 41,000 cases of childhood obesity and could save over  $4.6 billion in healthcare costs over 10 years.   So if you want to eat pizza and fries, that is great, but why not  have the opportunity to know how many calories are in that pizza and  fries? You should be able to have that information. More information  for consumers is a good thing.   The menu labeling law that passed in 2010 requires chain restaurants  with 20 or more locations to provide consumers with basic nutritional  information like calorie content for standard food and beverage items  on menus. Since then, the FDA has been working to implement this rule  only to face numerous delays along the way.   Research has shown that calorie information can help people make  healthier choices, and 80 percent of Americans support providing this  type of calorie information on the menu. But far from common sense, the  legislation we are considering today would undermine the law. H.R. 772  takes us backwards by undermining the law and further delaying consumer  protections.   This is not about flexibility. This bill just gives cover to bad  actors and special interests that do not want to comply with the law.   First, it would allow food establishments to display calorie  information in ways that would only serve to confuse and mislead  customers. It allows the food establishment to set arbitrary serving  sizes and cut the calorie count way below what a normal person would  eat. Without standardized calorie reporting for menu items, people will  have a tough time figuring out and computing nutrition information and  comparing across items. It is deceptive to label an entree or a muffin  as multiple servings because we all know that they are mostly consumed  by one person in one sitting.   Second, it would deny consumers the opportunity to view calorie  information and other nutritional information regardless of how or  where they purchase food from a chain restaurant. Not only does it  allow deceptive serving size manipulation, this bill would allow food  establishments to make that information difficult to find. Calorie  labeling is not useful if it is posted somewhere that it will not be  seen.   Provisions in this bill would deny customers nutritional information  from not only inside a pizza chain, but inside fast-food and other  chain restaurants if the majority of their orders are placed offsite,  like on the telephone or online.   For example, under this bill, a restaurant or similar retail food  establishment could have the option to only list nutritional  information online or via some other remote-access menu, thereby  denying consumers who order in a brick-and-mortar location access to  the information. Speed limits are not useful if they are hidden on a  highway, and calorie counts cannot help if they are concealed from the  public.   Finally, it has been nearly 8 years since the original menu labeling  requirements were passed, but this bill would once again delay the  final menu labeling rules and send the FDA back  [[Page H817]]  to the drawing board. The FDA has already put forth a proposed rule,  solicited comments, and worked with stakeholders to finalize the menu  labeling rule.    In fact, just this past November, FDA published new draft guidance  intended to help answer any of the outstanding questions regarding  compliance. This guidance included sample menus and pictures to help  food establishments tackle how to label for a variety of ingredients  like multiple pizza toppings.   This rule has been delayed long enough. The final menu labeling  regulations should go into effect as scheduled in May of this year.  Countless businesses, restaurants, and other retail food establishments  have already invested time and money into compliance with the current  menu labeling rules, and it would be irresponsible to further delay  implementation of this important rule.   This bill is another handout to businesses and an affront to  consumers. It will keep consumers in the dark about the nutritional  information that they need and create consumer and industry confusion.   H.R. 772 would weaken an important tool intended to help Americans  make informed food choices at a time when obesity and other nutrition- related health problems are at crisis levels. That is why countless  consumer and public health organizations oppose this bill, including  the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, the American  Diabetes Association, the American Heart Association, the American  Nurses Association, Center for Science in the Public Interest,  Consumers Union, and the Trust for America's Health. All of these  health organizations oppose this legislation because it is not good for  the health of our country or for consumers.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Engel).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Cardenas).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume while I am waiting for an additional speaker.   I want to hold up this board. This is an example that the FDA gave to  businesses on how they could easily--we see all kinds of signs like  this. Sometimes it is the price at the end of the item, and, in this  case, it would be the calories.   So it talks about a slice of pizza. Now, I am feeling kind of chunky  today, and I go into the pizza parlor, and it says that for cheese  pizza, for th original, it is about 200 to 240 calories; for the thin  and crispy, 150 to 190 calories; and for pan--now, we love our pan  pizza, our deep-dish pizza in Chicago, but that is 260 to 300 calories.    So I am thinking: Yeah, I want pizza, but I think I am going to go  with the thin and crispy, which is going to save me at least 110  calories.   Now, what do I want on top? I am looking now at all the things, the  meats and the veggies that can go on top, and each one of them has  calories per slice listed there. Simple. I am a pretty good--you know,  I can do math pretty well, and I can also compare. Do I want something  that is up to 50 calories or something that is 20 calories? And I can  look at this sign and make a decision for myself.   This is not too cumbersome. This is something that could easily be  displayed. I go to a lot of restaurants that already are in compliance  and have the calories, and if I am like between the pasta and the  salmon--and, again, I want to make that decision. It is good for me to  know what is the real difference in calories.   I want to say, I started out as an activist in the grocery store. I  was a very, very young housewife many years ago, 1970, when a small  group of women got together. We called ourselves National Consumers  United because we wanted to know how old our food was in the grocery  store.   Everything was code dated. You couldn't tell how old the food was,  and we were actually told that if we didn't like it, we could shop  somewhere else. Well, we started cracking the codes like detectives,  pushing the stock boys--and they were all boys--against the shelf, and  they were telling us how they put the old stuff in front and the new  stuff in the back.   Finally, we were able to get one of our retailers to say: Come to  Jewel; our food has freshness dates. And people loved it. And it turned  out that, even over the initial opposition from the retailers, it was  good for them, because people appreciated that and went to their  stores.   Now, those dates on food are ubiquitous. Customers like it, retailers  like it, it is better, and this would be yet another thing that we  could do.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr.  Pallone), the ranking member on the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from New Jersey.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I wanted to--you know, your friends at Jimmy John's are  not  [[Page H821]]  going to go to jail. In fact, just this past November, in new  supplemental draft guidance, FDA explained that the agency, ``does not  intend to penalize or recommend the use of criminal penalties for minor  violations.'' The FDA went on to explain that minor violations would  include inadvertently missing a calorie declaration for a standard menu  item on the buffet; minor discrepancies in the type, size, color,  contrast of calorie declarations; minimal variations or inadvertent  error that would only minimally impact the calorie declaration, such as  adding extra slices of pepperoni or an extra dollop of ketchup. This is  just not going to happen.    Let me just say, in closing, the law that Congress passed almost 8  years ago--so the calls for more time is just ridiculous--should be  allowed to go into effect. It is long past due. This is about freedom,  about freedom of consumers to make informed choices.   I know my friends across the aisle talk about freedom all the time.  This is about freedom to make choices that will help you. Empowering  consumers to make informed decisions that benefit their health is  exactly what the current law allows. H.R. 772 would undermine that  important goal.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   