 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his years of hard  work on this issue to secure our border.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4760, the Securing  America's Future Act. As one of only nine Members of Congress who  represent communities along our southern border, and as the Border and  Maritime Security Subcommittee chair, I have witnessed firsthand the  security threats we face from an unsecure border and the dysfunctions  of our immigration system.   Since I came to Congress, I have been working passionately to protect  Arizonans from the public safety threats that accompany a porous  border, and to start to fix a dysfunctional immigration system.   This bill which we have been tirelessly working on since September  last year, along with Chairman McCaul, Chairman Goodlatte, and  Congressman Labrador, represent an important step to keep our country  safe by securing the border, including building the wall, closing many  legal loopholes, ending chain migration, ending the visa lottery,  cracking down on sanctuary cities and MS-13 gangs, and providing a  legislative solution to the DACA population that is reasonable and fair  and doesn't incentivize more illegal activity in the future.   This is the first legislation on these topics in the House that  President Trump has supported, and we worked very closely with the  administration in the process to propose this thoughtful solution to  fix these very real and complex security and economic challenges.   Like many pieces of legislation though, this bill is not perfect.  There are many improvements, such as the guaranteed funding mechanism  for border security, including the wall, and other technical  corrections that we worked on over the last 6 months that I sure would  have liked to have seen in this version of the bill on the floor.   Nonetheless, I strongly support passage of this legislation as the  first significant proposal to solve these very serious issues that  continue to impact communities in Arizona and the rest of the country.   I remain ready to lead and help deliver legislation to the  President's desk that he can sign into law. I would urge our  colleagues, especially on the other side of the aisle, who say they  care about border security and DACA recipients, to not play politics  and vote ``yes'' on this bill.   