 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 128  Supporting Respect for Human Rights and Encouraging Inclusive  Governance in Ethiopia.  [[Page H3075]]    This resolution condemns the killing of peaceful protestors by the  Ethiopian security forces and calls upon the government of Ethiopia to  hold accountable those responsible for killing, torturing, and  detaining innocent civilians who are exercising their constitutional  rights.   Passing H. Res. 128 brings attention to the stifling of political and  civil dissent and journalistic freedoms committed by the Ethiopian  government.   Mr. Speaker, as co-sponsor of this resolution, we recognize that the  Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia has been an ally of the United  States and the preservation of basic constitutional rights in this  country is the bed-rock of any democracy.   Protestors in Ethiopia are urged to refrain from violent  demonstrations and encouraged to engage in peaceful negotiations.   However, the responsibility lies upon the government to implement  democratic principles and respect the right to peaceful assembly and  guarantee freedom of the press.   Since protests started in Oromia in 2015, the Ethiopian government  has charged more than 150 students, opposition leaders, and activists  at the Federal High Court under the 2009 Anti-Terrorism Proclamation  (ATP).   They have repeatedly abused such laws to limit the freedom of the  press, silence independent journalists, and persecute members of the  political opposition.   Ethiopian Human Rights Commission reported 669 deaths by April 2017  and Human Rights Watch subsequently reported that the Ethiopian  security forces had killed between 500 and 800 peaceful protestors in  the Oromia and Amhara regions by November 2016, and the number is  likely higher.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H. Res. 128 to show  their support and compassion for the people suffering as victims of  human rights violations at the hands of their government.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is a very important bill, and it is a continuation  of the recognition of the United States Congress, Republicans and  Democrats, on the importance of dealing with online privacy.   In the backdrop of Mr. Zuckerberg testifying in the United States  Senate, this bill deals with those who would do dastardly things  online. So I rise in support of H.R. 4203, the Combat Online Predators  Act of 2017.   This legislation would increase the maximum penalty under current law  for stalking offenses when the victim is a minor. Obviously, this is  something that is equal to online bullying, in some sense. Stalking is  a crime that impacts both adults and young people alike. Unfortunately,  it does not receive the urgent attention it warrants, although it  severely threatens the safety and the lives of our children as much as  other prevalent crimes.   Stalking is one of four enumerated offenses included in the Violence  Against Women Act. As we look to reauthorize that bill, I ask that we  all take a closer look at stalking provisions.   Let me thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick), and  the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Murphy) for their collaboration and  excellent work in trying to stop the surge of online predators  utilizing the cyber system to stalk young people.   Given the overwhelming use of the internet and social media across  the globe, and technological innovations that otherwise enhance our  daily lives, online stalking poses a great danger to young people in  that it becomes much easier to carry out this crime and intensify its  intrusiveness. The terrible, abusive nature of this crime is especially  magnified when the victim is a child or an adolescent.   This widespread problem requires our immediate attention,  particularly in this new era where information is easily ascertained,  disseminated, and compromised by bad actors and, at times, by  providers--even when done so inadvertently.   Current Federal law prohibits narrowly defined instances of stalking,  whether accomplished via interstate travel or electronic means. The  Combat Online Predators Act of 2017 seeks to address the greater harm  that can be inflicted on young victims of stalking. It does this by  increasing the maximum prison sentence by 5 years for stalking offenses  committed against victims under the age of 18.   Online predators are sexual predators who use information and  communication technology to locate, target, and victimize minors. A  common forum used to target children include chat rooms, instant  messaging, or social networking sites for the purpose of flirting and  the ultimate goal of meeting and engaging in sexual activities, either  online or in person.   For many young victims, the suffering inflicted as a result of  stalking can last a lifetime. In fact, research shows children and  adolescents who are victims of stalking are more likely to become  victims of stalking as adults. Given the alarming number of children  targeted, this result is terrifying for the children, for their family  members, and for a lifetime.   Action Against Stalking released a 2012 report that states: ``273  children were targeted by predators they did not know who tried to--or  did--snatch them.''    There was an attempted kidnapping in my community just a few days  ago--not online, but physically--when children were traveling together  for an outing. Fifty-two children were snatched. In 22 cases, the  offender attempted to take a child in front of their parent. Four cases  involved an attempt to take a child from a shopping center.   So this legislation is crucial, and I am delighted to support this  legislation because it provides a reasonable means of protecting our  young people from stalking, whether online or in person. It helps to  ensure that these vulnerable individuals are shielded from the  potentially devastating and long-term physical and mental scars that  stalking can inflict.   It punishes those who seek to do harm. When a course of harassment  and intimidation occurs and rises to the level of stalking by placing  the victim in reasonable fear of death or serious bodily injury, it is  appropriate that law enforcement intervene. This can be critical to our  young people, and it is important when people are victimized that we  understand that this may  [[Page H3080]]  occur in person; online; via cellphones, computers, email, text  messages; and on social media by what we call cyber stalking.   The increased maximum penalty for offenses against minors is a  sensible modification. I look forward to the continuing debate and ask  my colleagues to listen carefully as this debate proceeds.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to  the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Murphy), the original cosponsor,  along with Mr. Fitzpatrick of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Let me thank the two original cosponsors of this legislation, the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick) and the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Murphy), for their leadership.   As technology advances, we are faced with more and more challenges.  It is important to note that, among female victims of stalking, an  estimated 16.3 percent were first stalked before the age of 18, and an  estimated 3.5 percent between the ages of 11 and 17.   Of the male stalking victims, an estimated 20.5 percent first  experienced stalking before the age of 18--this is clearly legislation  that is needed--while 16.2 percent were first stalked before the age of  11 and 17.   This underlying bill is to help protect our children. This  legislation does not require mandatory minimums. This sentencing that  has been included is at the discretion of the judge, but as we reckon  with the question of privacy, cybersecurity, protecting our children  from bullying, this legislation is very important to move us one step  forward to provide a safe place of learning and also a place of quality  as our children grow in this Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of the underlying bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   