 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7328. This is a good bill. I  think it is an  [[Page H10392]]  important one. It is the Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation,  and Reform Act of 2018. Kind of a mouthful, but what it does is it  streamlines how over-the-counter drugs are regulated. This will enable  the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration, to act faster to address  safety issues associated with over-the-counter drugs and bring  innovative over-the-counter drugs to market.   The legislation will also establish a new user fee program to provide  the FDA with reliable and stable funding to implement the reforms in  this bill. These user fees are already in place with the pharmaceutical  industry, with others. It works very well, and it allows hiring the  necessary additional staff to oversee the over-the-counter market.   This updated legislation, very importantly, reflects that it is both  bipartisan and bicameral, and I urge the entire House to support the  bill.   I also want to point out that, rolled into this bill, H.R. 7328, is  what we call PAHPA, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and  Advancing Innovation Act. I am very proud to have authored this  originally in a past Congress. But also my partner in this Congress has  been Congresswoman Susan Brooks. I couldn't ask for a finer partner.   The legislation really reflects months of negotiations and compromise  reached by both the House and the Senate, and the bill makes important  updates to, as I said, the over-the-counter monograph program.   What we are considering in terms of this particular bill is an  update, and it directs Federal agencies to respond to new and emerging  threats and strengthens our Nation's existing preparedness and response  programs. This has a great deal to do with our national security, and  that is why it is so important.   The legislation not only reauthorizes critical programs to allow our  country to be prepared to respond to naturally occurring and manmade  disasters--and we know these threats are real--but it also meets the  challenges that we face today and those that we anticipate facing in  the future.   I am very glad that this legislation was rolled into H.R. 7328, and I  once again want to salute the work that Congresswoman Susan Brooks did  on this particular bill that is part of H.R. 7328.   Mr. Speaker, I have two speakers on my side, but I will reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Dingell), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Colorado (Ms. DeGette).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I don't have any other speakers, but let me just close by saying I  think that, between the chairman of our subcommittee and my two  colleagues and their remarks--and mine included--that these are very  good bills that are going to accomplish good things for the American  people. So whether it is what was rolled into H.R. 7328--PAHPA and the  underlying bill, the Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and  Reform Act--I feel very confident that, with its passage, we will have  accomplished something that is excellent for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   