 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in calling  for action--action to protect the hard-earned benefits of pensioners,  hard-working people all across my State. I thank my colleague Senator  Brown for organizing these speeches and my neighbor to the east,  Senator Baldwin from Wisconsin, for her eloquent words on behalf of the  workers in her State.   I know how important benefits are to workers firsthand. My grandpa  was one of many children, growing up in the Iron Range of Minnesota. He  loved school, but he had to quit at age 15 to help support his family.  First, he got a job as a teamster, pulling a cart, and then at a very  young age, he went to work in the iron ore mines in Ely, MN.   He had wanted to be in the Navy. He had wanted to sail the world.  Instead, he spent his entire life to support his eight brothers and  sisters and then, later, my dad and my uncle. He spent his entire life  working 1,500 feet underground, and he would go down the mine shaft  every single day with his black lunch bucket, and I often thought: What  did he think of when he went down that mine shaft? Did he think of that  life at sea, of school, of other things? He felt he had an obligation,  and that obligation was not only important to our family, which somehow  ended up with me in the U.S. Senate, but it was also an obligation that  was so important to our country, because when you go back as far as  World War II, it was the iron ore that was made into the steel that  built our country--our factories, our skyscrapers, and our ships and  tanks that won that war. That is what my grandpa did, and it was  dangerous back then.   My grandma would always tell me how you would hear this whistle go  off, and it meant someone was either very hurt or killed in the mines,  and all of the wives would go and stand outside that mine to see what  miner was going to be brought up injured or worse. My dad remembers  seeing the coffins in the church in Ely lined up of miners who had been  killed. This wasn't that long ago.   When someone does something like that for their family and for their  country, promises that were made to them should be kept. Because my  grandpa stayed in that job--over time, the safety requirements got  better, the benefits got better--he was able to get healthcare, he was  able to save money in a coffee can in the basement of their little  house so he could send my dad and his brother to college. That all  happened.   So when he got sick, he should be able to have healthcare, right?  Well, he did. He had cancer, but he was able to have healthcare. When  my grandma got older and lived into her late eighties, she was able to  stay at assisted living. That all happened because promises made to  those workers were kept.   The promise made to the workers in multiemployer pension plans is  simple; that the pension they have earned through their decades of hard  work will be there when they retire.   Saving for retirement is often described as the three-legged stool:  Social Security, a pension, and personal savings. A stable and secure  retirement relies on all three legs being strong, but some  multiemployer pension plans are facing funding challenges that could  weaken one of those legs. Over 10 million Americans participate in a  multiemployer pension plan and rely on these benefits for a safe and  secure retirement.   The Central States Pension Plan is such a plan. It was established in  1955 to help truckers save for retirement. That was while my grandpa  was still in the mines. Today, the Central States Pension Plan includes  workers from the carhaul, tankhaul, pipeline, warehouse, construction,  clerical, food processing, dairy, and trucking industries.   In my State, there are over 21,000 workers and retirees in the plan-- and this affects workers and retirees from all over the Midwest. I  guess that is why it is called the Central States plan: Nearly 48,000  workers and retirees in Ohio, over 47,000 in Michigan, over 32,000 in  Missouri, nearly 25,000 in Wisconsin, and over 2,000 in North Dakota.   In fact, when this issue first came up, and this was rushed over from  the House--and we really didn't know the impact it would have in our  States because there hadn't been a lot of thought in how this thing was  done when it was part of a bigger bill--I voted against that bill  because if this thing is called Central States, and I have a bunch of  people calling me, I probably have a lot of people who are impacted.  Unfortunately, that thing was rushed through, and people didn't have  their say. In fact, 7 of the top 10 States in the Central States  Pension Plan are Midwestern States.   In September of 2015, the Central States submitted a proposal to the  Treasury to reduce pension benefits for workers and retirees under the  Multiemployer Pension Relief Act of 2014.   Treasury reviewed the proposal, which would have resulted in benefits  cut for over 270,000 Central State retirees and workers. Some of these  pension cuts were as high as 50, 60, and even 70 percent. Imagine  someone who has spent their life driving a truck, saving money, and  then suddenly one day they find out they are going to lose 70 percent  of their pension.   I heard from people all over my State how devastating these proposed  cuts would have been. People were concerned that they would not be able  to afford their medication or that they might have to sell their house.  Many are in their sixties, seventies, or even eighties and are not able  to go back to work.   I stood up with many of my colleagues and fought against that  proposal for a very simple reason: It was the right thing to do. We  raised significant concerns about the plan, and the Treasury  Department--in a move that I think surprised some of us, pleasantly,  but not those who are on the frontlines every day, whom I am looking up  at in the Gallery--rejected that proposal.   While we temporarily averted a very bad plan going into effect, this  issue is not going away. The Central States Pension Plan still faces  insolvency by 2025, and more than 70,000 Minnesotans are in  multiemployer pension plans that are facing funding shortfalls. More  than 100 of these pension plans are facing funding challenges and do  not have sufficient plan assets   Pensioners across our State and our country depend on their pensions.  People like Sherman from my State, in Northern Minnesota--exactly the  area I just talked about my dad being from, where my grandpa worked in  the mines. Sherman has been working tirelessly on this issue and  raising it at a national level, and workers and retirees whom I  continue to meet are asking us and looking for us to take action.   That is why I have joined with my colleagues to cosponsor the Butch  Lewis Act, and I thank Senator Brown for his leadership on this  legislation. This bill is a win-win for employers, employees, retirees,  and Americans.   The bill would put the pension plan back on solid footing and ensure  that the plans could meet their obligations to retirees and workers for  decades to come. This would happen without cutting a single cent from  the benefits our workers and retirees have earned, worked hard for,  paid into the pension plan for, and built their retirement around.   The introduction of the Butch Lewis Act has been an important step  forward in elevating the need for action. So as congressional leaders  work to negotiate a deal to raise the budget spending caps, the pension  crisis should  [[Page S185]]  be a funding priority. It should be included in any comprehensive  budget deal.   Somehow, in this very Chamber, people found a way to do a bunch of  tax cuts. Some of them were there for the middle class, but a lot of  them helped the wealthy. Somehow they found their way to that. Well,  they had better find their way to include this because this is about  working people.   We owe it to all Americans who played by the rules and worked hard  throughout their lives secure pensions.   I stand today ready to work with our colleagues on the floor and  across the aisle on a bipartisan solution. We all know that delay only  makes the solution more costly. The time is here. We can't put it off  any longer. We must move forward now to get this done for our workers,  for our businesses, and for our country.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Pennsylvania.   