 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  bipartisan bill and the accompanying conference report for the FY19  National Defense Authorization Act.   As the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and  Capabilities, I am proud of our oversight and legislative initiatives  this year, which have included:   Strengthening our cyber warfare capabilities and policies.   Energizing our science and technology enterprise.   Enabling our special operations forces around the globe.   Providing resources and authorities to counterterrorism and  unconventional warfare threats.   And advancing programs and activities that counter the spread of  weapons of mass destruction.   The bill before the House incorporates three broad subcommittee  themes:   First, this bill takes seriously the cyber threats from our  adversaries towards this Nation, which is why the bill strengthens our  whole-of-government cybersecurity posture by improving coordination and  partnering between the DOD and DHS to prevent and respond to  cyberattacks against our critical infrastructure.   It also affirms and clarifies cyberspace, cyber warfare, and cyber  deterrence policy to combat malicious cyber activities from adversaries  like China, Russia, and North Korea, who are targeting the United  States. We also require the DOD to provide congressional notification  of cybersecurity breaches and the loss of controlled information from  cleared defense contractors.   Second, we build upon previous NDAAs by advancing prototyping and  testing of directed-energy weapons and hypersonic vehicles and by  accelerating these technologies by authorizing an additional $285  million.   Third, the bill places emphasis on policy and programs to advance AI,  machine learning, quantum sciences, and other critical national  security technologies. We also establish a National Security Commission  on Artificial Intelligence to conduct a thorough review of the wide- ranging military applications of this decisive technology.   Additionally, this bill authorizes the largest pay raise for our  troops in 9 years. It helps improve employment opportunities for  military spouses and increases transparency in the military healthcare  system.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill and vote  ``yes.''   