 Thank you, Mr. President.   I rise today to share the story of one of my friends, Jesse  Kleinedler. Jesse and her husband own and operate one of Reno's most  successful small businesses--the Under the Rose Brewing Company. They  are also the proud parents of a beautiful baby boy. Jesse, her family,  and their business are doing great. But when I met Jesse last year, she  told me her path to this point in life had not been easy.   In 2012, Jesse left her job at a large firm--and the health insurance  it provided--to pursue her dream of starting a brewery with her husband  Scott. About 1 year later, she learned that she was pregnant. During a  routine checkup 9 weeks before her due date, Jesse's midwife advised  her to see an OB/GYN. Jesse didn't feel sick, so she hesitated, but the  midwife urged her to go see a specialist anyway.   Midway through her visit, the OB/GYN became concerned that Jesse's  life was in danger. He diagnosed her with preeclampsia and rushed her  to the hospital. Jesse's son was born a few hours later via emergency  C-section. The doctors who delivered her baby agreed that had Jesse  waited even 24 hours to see an OB/GYN, both she and her son would have  died.   In no uncertain terms, Jesse told me that she and her son owe their  lives to the Affordable Care Act. Without the affordable coverage  having been purchased on the Silver State Health Insurance Exchange,  Jesse would not have been able to have seen a specialist, and she and  her husband, certainly, would not have been able to have afforded the  $1 million in medical costs Jesse's son incurred over the course of a  months-long stay in the NICU.   Jesse's son is now a happy, thriving toddler, but he has a medical  issue that interferes with his growth. Jesse and Scott, her husband,  fear that President Trump's efforts to roll back protections for people  with preexisting conditions will make it impossible for them to afford  their son's health insurance.   Donald Trump has not yet been able to get the support in Congress he  needs in order to repeal protections for people with preexisting  conditions, but he has taken steps to circumvent the wheel of Congress  and hack away at these protections bit by bit.   In August, he signed an Executive order to expand access to what are  called junk plans. These are health insurance plans that don't cover  essential services like prescription drugs, emergency room visits, or  maternity care. These plans are designed for short-term use only and  don't include protections for people with preexisting conditions. That  means, if you sign up for one of these plans and are a cancer survivor  or are a pregnant woman or are a war veteran, you could be charged a  higher rate. It also means you could be forced to pay tens of thousands  of dollars out of pocket for the care you receive in an emergency.   Junk plans come in all shapes and sizes, but none of them comply with  consumer protections established by the Affordable Care Act. The Kaiser  Family Foundation looked at junk plans in 45 States and found that 43  percent did not include coverage for mental health services, that 71  percent did not cover outpatient prescription drugs, and that not a  single one covered maternity care.   Junk plans appear to be cheaper than comprehensive health insurance  plans--that is, until you read the fine print. Junk plans have low  monthly premiums and astronomical out-of-pocket costs. President  Trump's Executive order allows insurance companies to trick consumers  into signing up for these plans. Consumers think they are getting a  good deal, only to find out, as soon as they get sick, that their  medical bills are not covered.   The American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network says junk plans  pose ``a serious threat to cancer patients' ability to access quality,  affordable health coverage.'' It also says the present administration's  rule will likely leave older and sicker Americans in the individual  insurance marketplace, with few, if any, affordable health coverage  choices and that patients who are living with serious conditions will  be left paying more for the coverage they need if they can afford  coverage at all.   President Trump's Executive order to expand access to junk plans is  not just an attack on our healthcare system, it is an attempt to send  us back to the days when families like Jesse's could not afford the  healthcare they needed. Jesse told me she owes her life to the health  insurance she purchased through the ACA. Where would Jesse and her  family be without it? What if she had not been able to afford a  comprehensive plan? What if she had purchased a junk plan instead?   There are 1.2 million Nevadans who live with preexisting conditions.  That is nearly one in two. That number includes nearly 159,000 children  and nearly 270,000 people who are nearing retirement. The junk plans  rule directly threatens their healthcare.   Heather Korbulic, who is the executive director of the Silver State  Health Insurance Exchange, summed up the risk junk plans pose.   She said: ``[Junk plans] are designed to basically take your  preexisting condition and charge you more or tell you that you can't be  on those plans at all.''  [[Page S6758]]    She continued: ``If they find that you've not disclosed a preexisting  medical condition . . . then you're left high and dry with no  insurance.''   I don't want to go back to a world where Nevadans with preexisting  conditions can't get the care they need or where insurance companies  aren't required to cover basic services like maternity care.   I was a proud cosponsor of Senator Tammy Baldwin's resolution to  overturn President Trump's Executive order. In failing to pass this  resolution, the U.S. Senate has done a profound disservice to families  and communities all across the country. I will continue fighting to  restore protections against junk plans, and I encourage all of my  colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   