 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the  U.S. Virgin Islands and quasi-Brooklynite for yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues' support for H.R.  5238, the Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office designation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of a former colleague, a  groundbreaking legislator, who is credited and lauded for being a  forerunner of the progressive political movement in Brooklyn, New York,  my predecessor, the Honorable Major Robert Odell Owens.   Congressman Owens served in this body from 1983 to 2007, and he  served in both Brooklyn's 12th and 11th Congressional Districts of New  York. Congressman Owens still brings to memory for many the fond  recollections of his groundbreaking legislative accomplishments as a  senior, longstanding member of the Education and the Workforce  Committee, and a member of the Congressional Black Caucus.   Mr. Owens spent 8 years in the New York State Senate before he was  elected to serve in Brooklyn, New York's 12th Congressional District, a  seat previously held by the Honorable Shirley Chisholm, his  predecessor.   Mr. Owens then went on to serve his community for over two decades.  Through his committee work and work with the Congressional Black  Caucus' Education Brain Trust, Major Owens became known as the  Education Congressman, but he was also deemed with another moniker, the  Rapping Rep, due to his ability to intertwine his political perspective  into rhythmic poetry.   Mr. Owens will always be remembered for the legislative victories he  achieved on the Hill, and his spectacular fight, particularly for the  Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, for which he is credited with  its passage.   His accomplishments in Congress are vast, and many are stemmed from  his lifelong passion for education, community development, and  equality. Mr. Owens' passion for education began during his career in  librarianship where he served as the community information librarian at  the Brooklyn Public Library for a decade.   His friends and fellow activists in the Brooklyn community note that  Mr. Owens was known to place collections from the Brooklyn Public  Library in local stores, restaurants, laundromats, and more because his  passion lay within sharing knowledge and resources to those who may not  have immediate access to it.   Mr. Owens was one of the founders of the New York Social  Responsibilities Roundtable which was an organization that is now a  part of the New York Library Association. Their mission is to create a  central position for libraries and librarians in the battle for civil  rights, social justice, peace, and ever-improved public access to  education and information.   Congressman Owens' dynamic passions for public education, information  sharing, equality, and civil rights became driving forces for him to  run for Congress as a former head of the Congress of Racial Equality.   His legacy in Brooklyn led him to become a continued featured speaker  at the White House Conference on Library and Information Services, as  well as a recipient of the American Library Association's highest  honor: honorary membership.   Fittingly nicknamed the Librarian in Congress, Mr. Owens was  dedicated to helping communities of color receive access to information  resources through local public libraries.   Mr. Owens was a pillar within the United States Congress as an  advocate for Americans with disabilities, social justice reform,  library funding, education reform, as well as development in public  schools and libraries to ensure that underserved communities did not  lack access to information and education resources.   As a young public servant myself, I was inspired by Mr. Owens' work  with the disabilities activists who often visited his office and  eventually provided testimony before Mr. Owens' House Subcommittee on  Select Education where he fought to pass the Americans with  Disabilities Act, the ADA.   Today, Brooklynites benefit from public library resource initiatives  because of his advocacy for funding. The ADA still stands as a law to  prevent discrimination against Americans with disabilities, as it  guarantees to create equal opportunity for the special needs community.   To this day, my colleagues and I work to protect this law at all  costs, thanks to Congressman Owens' dedication to ensure that this law  was enacted. I am so proud to be his successor.   H.R. 5238 would designate the facility of the United States Postal  Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, the  Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office.   Congressman Owens will always be remembered in the district that he  represented, and I am extremely pleased that the House will consider  this bill in honor of his rich legacy and contributions to our great  Chamber.   As I continue the distinct honor of representing the Ninth  Congressional District of New York, I look forward to commemorating the  life, memory, and integrity of our former House colleague, Congressman  Major Robert Odell Owens, my trailblazing predecessor.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their  remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this  Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I  rise today to anchor this CBC Special Order hour. I would like to thank  our Congressional Black Caucus chairman, Representative Cedric Richmond  of Louisiana, for his leadership in this effort.   For the next hour, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the  American people about issues of great importance to the Congressional  Black Caucus and the 78 million constituents we represent. Tonight's  Special Order hour theme is High Stakes on the High Court: Justice  Hanging in the Balance.   As one-fourth of the Democratic Caucus, we are emphatic in our  opposition of Donald Trump's USA Supreme Court nominee, Brett  Kavanaugh.   During the 2016 election, a then-candidate Trump, in his sole attempt  to appeal to African American voters, asked: ``What do you have to  lose?''   Well, it turns out, my fellow Americans, we have so much to lose. In  fact, we have lost already under Donald Trump.   Every time Donald Trump and the congressional Republicans undermine  and sabotage healthcare, Black and Brown folks lose.   When congressional Republicans and Donald Trump give their  billionaire donors and the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans such a  massive tax cut and then raise taxes on low and middle class families,  working class families, Black and Brown folks, lose.   When Donald Trump threatened temporary protected status, TPS, Black  and Brown folks lost.   And with the recent announcement of Brett Kavanaugh as the  President's nominee, Black and Brown folks now have even more to lose.   The stakes have never been higher. For nearly eight decades, African  Americans have arduously, through generations of sacrifice and protest,  successfully fought to secure historic legal victories that have  significantly bent the moral arc of the universe towards justice.  Republicans want to destroy a generation of progress for civil rights,  women's rights, LGBTQ rights, workers' rights, and healthcare.   Brett Kavanaugh's nomination solidifies the Republican agenda to roll  back major social legislative victories that would impede our  advancements in social justice. With the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh,  we are looking at the most conservative Supreme Court in over 75 years.  Everything we hold dear as American ideals--our freedom, our tolerance,  our values and progress in improving the human condition in our  Nation--are at risk.   We know Brett Kavanaugh has a record of ruling against affordable  healthcare and women's rights, but what is even more troubling is how  his record on racial issues have flown under the radar.   We cannot consider a Supreme Court Justice without analyzing their  views on such issues as voting and workforce rights that will have an  overwhelming effect on the life and liberty of all people of color.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from the District of  Columbia, Eleanor Holmes Norton, the chairwoman of the judicial task  force of the Congressional Black Caucus, whom it is now my honor and  privilege to present and who has an extraordinary record of legal  acumen and has been an outspoken advocate for criminal justice reform,  social justice, and has been scrutinizing judicial nominations so that  we can provide for the American people an analysis of what we have to  lose.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the  District of Columbia for her scholarship, her legal acumen, and really  providing a snapshot--because I am sure there are many more troubling  decisions that you have uncovered--but giving us this snapshot into the  breaking of norms that this nominee presents to the American people.   It is really important that we do everything within our power to  educate and inform the public so that they can make an informed choice  in terms of how they would like to proceed in appealing to the United  States Congress, which has the authority for the nomination process. At  this time, again, I would like to thank the gentlewoman.   Mr. Speaker, I yield now to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson),  who is my classmate and a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the  Fourth District of Georgia for sharing his analysis this evening.  Indeed, he has raised some very important points that we need to  consider and that I would like the American people to consider.   There is a McConnell rule. That rule held up the nomination of  Merrick Garland for almost a year. The context which that was done was  that apparently there were going to be elections down the road and the  American people should speak.   Well, here we are less than 5 months out before there will be an  election here in the United States of America. I think the people have  an opportunity, and should use that opportunity through their  franchise, to register their concerns about this nomination process.   Nearly 150 years ago, Black Americans were granted the right to vote.  It will be another 100 years before people of color could freely vote  in every State, county, and city in the United States of America. We  have fought tooth and nail for the most sacred power in America--the  power to vote--and now that power is being challenged with the  nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.   In 2012, Judge Kavanaugh wrote an opinion that upheld South  Carolina's restrictive voter ID laws, despite knowing they would  disenfranchise voters and disproportionately harm people of color.   Voter ID laws are another thinly veiled attempt at preventing people  of color from participating in elections. Kavanaugh's support of these  laws show what side of history he is on.   This isn't the only questionable decision he has made regarding race  relations. He has a long history of concerning decisions and writings.   In 1989, Kavanaugh published his first piece of legal writing  challenging a Supreme Court ruling that barred prosecutors from  excluding jurists based on race. Imagine that: 1989.   Kavanaugh also wrote a brief for the Center for Equal Opportunity, a  conservative think tank that opposed affirmative action and opposed the  issue in a number of different court cases.   Kavanaugh is also a firm supporter of the NSA, and its surveilling  techniques that have been known to disproportionately target people of  color.  [[Page H6255]]    The NAACP opposed Kavanaugh's nomination to the D.C. Circuit Court,  and their concerns were only strengthened by his proven track record of  only supporting the already wealthy and powerful.   In 2000, Kavanaugh was on the legal team that helped stop the Florida  recount and secure the Bush Presidency.   Just last year, Kavanaugh wrote a dissenting opinion concerning  whether a pregnant 17-year-old being held by immigration authorities  was allowed to leave their custody to obtain an abortion.   We are not dealing with someone who is a mystery here. It is very  clear where he stands in terms of turning back the hands of time. And,  as my colleagues have already stated, his opinions have been so far to  the right of even a Republican D.C. Circuit Court, that it is alarming  that at a time when we need justice at the Supreme Court level that is  blind, that will advance humankind, this is the nominee, the nominee  that was put forth by the Heritage Foundation, the nominee that is a  part of the Federalist society: very telling.   Well, let me just say this: In Texas, the court ruled in agreement  that that teenager, who was seeking an abortion, was legally entitled  to access it.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I will just say a few remarks. As a Black  woman, I know how critical the Supreme Court is to American liberty and  freedom. It was the Supreme Court that ended segregation with Brown v.  Board of Education, ended the process of poll taxes and voter  suppression with Harper v. Virginia State Board of Elections, and has  continued to stand up for American justice when Donald Trump and our  Congress could not. The legacy of this great institution will crumble  if we confirm Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   