 Mr. President, a key component of our democracy is access  to the ballot. The Supreme Court acknowledged in Reynolds v. Sims that  ``the right of suffrage is a fundamental matter in a free and  democratic society. Especially since the right to exercise the  franchise in a free and unimpaired manner is preservative of other  basic civil and political rights, any alleged infringement of the right  of citizens to vote must be carefully and meticulously scrutinized.''   I always say that your voice is your vote and your vote is your  voice. In the recent midterm elections, we saw that there are still  powerful forces in our country willing to go to incredible lengths to  deny Americans their right to vote. It is indeed outrageous that some  voters in Georgia had to wait 4 hours to vote, and a candidate for  Governor was the one responsible for overseeing his own election; that  Native Americans and their IDs were not accepted at polling places in  North Dakota; that nearly 20 percent of North Carolina early voting  locations were closed this year.   Five years ago, in Shelby County v. Holder, the Supreme Court gutted  the Voting Rights Act. Congress is the only body that has authority to  restore and should therefore be taking steps to restore and strengthen  the Voting Rights Act and to expand early voting and automatic voter  registration. Why? Because the more people who can readily participate  in our democracy, the more our government will be responsive to the  people we are elected to represent.   Yet, instead of Congress acting to strengthen access to the ballot,  the Senate is considering Thomas Farr for a lifetime appointment to the  District Court of the Eastern District of North Carolina--a nominee who  has consistently and for decades put limits on the ability of Americans  to exercise their constitutional right to vote. Just look at the facts.   Mr. Farr actually defended North Carolina's 2013 voting restrictions  law--a law that would have required photo IDs, which disproportionately  impacted Black voters. At the same time, they prohibited certain IDs,  such as student IDs or public employee IDs. This law also reduced same- day registration and early voting--a law that was so clearly  unconstitutional that the Fourth Circuit described the law as targeting  Black voters with ``almost surgical precision.'' The Fourth Circuit  went on to call it ``the most restrictive voting law North Carolina has  seen since the era of Jim Crow.''   The facts also include that Mr. Farr represented the North Carolina  Legislature in multiple challenges to its 2011 congressional and  legislative redistricting. This was an attempt to draw congressional  boundaries in ways that disadvantaged Black voters for partisan gain.  Those maps were later struck down as unconstitutional and racially  discriminatory.   Mr. Farr has also repeatedly represented powerful employers against  the rights of workers and customers to be treated equally. For example,  he represented a rental car company that allegedly imposed additional  requirements on Black customers. He also represented a pharmaceutical  company against allegations of gender discrimination, hostile work  environment, and retaliation.   To be clear, attorneys are not charged--nor should they be--with the  views of their clients, but when such a significant part of your  decades-long record involves defending clients charged with  discrimination and defending laws that undermine the right to vote, it  is reasonable to question whether that individual can be a fair and  impartial judge of similar cases.   Mr. Farr's public comments raise questions about his judgment as  well. For instance, he has compared the decision upholding the  Affordable Care Act to the Dred Scott and Plessy decisions. For a  reminder, Dred Scott is a case that said African Americans could not be  citizens, and Plessy v. Ferguson upheld the constitutionality of  segregation--both now universally considered shameful decisions. The  idea that a decision upholding the expansion of healthcare for millions  of Americans is remotely comparable to these rulings should be utterly  offensive to anyone who knows anything about America's history. These  are statements of an ideologue, not someone who understands that their  interpretation of these rulings should be something that people will,  if they are not careful, rely on. So these are the statements of an  ideologue, not an evenhanded and unbiased judge. The people of North  Carolina deserve better, and let us be clear about who many of these  people are.    More than one-quarter of the population covered by the Eastern  District is Black--nearly 27 percent. Yet there has never been a Black  Federal judge serving the Eastern District of North Carolina in the  court's 146-year history.   In 2013, President Obama nominated Jennifer May-Parker, an assistant  U.S. attorney and chief of the Appellate Division of the U.S.  Attorney's Office, and she is Black. She was appointed to this  vacancy--a position Senator Burr had previously recommended her for-- but that nomination was blocked.   In 2016, President Obama nominated Patricia Timmons-Goodson--a  justice who served on the North Carolina Supreme Court--who is also  Black. That nomination was also held up.   As a result, this is now the longest judicial vacancy in the Federal  court system. Instead of two highly qualified women, Senate Republicans  want to fill this vacancy with someone who is anathema to so many of  our communities and, in particular, communities of color.   So I would echo the North Carolina NAACP, which said that ``if this  nomination is confirmed, it represents an historic insult to justice  and to the people of North Carolina.''   I know there are folks who might consider the odds of stopping this  [[Page S7111]]  nominee and throw in the towel, but the way I see it, if it is  something worth fighting for, it is a fight worth having. If it is  something worth fighting for, it is a fight worth having. This fight  against Thomas Farr is a fight worth having because Thomas Farr is far  from what we should accept in a nominee. I know we can do better, and  we must do better.   I yield the floor.   