 Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted  ``yea'' on rollcall No. 107.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for  organizing the ``What is Wrong with Wall Street'' here tonight so that  we could have the opportunity to hail one of our true champions and  sheroes this evening.   I just, first of all, want to associate myself with all of the  comments that have already been made. When you have served for 36  years, we could wax on forever about your distinguished career of  public service, so I won't do that.   I just want to focus on one thing that you have done that has really  touched me in a very profound way, and that is, as a valued friend and  colleague and mentor, your passion for the Great Lakes. From your seat  on the Appropriations Committee, and now the co-chair of the bipartisan  Great Lakes Task Force, you have never ever, Marcy, missed a beat when  it came to the Great Lakes. And I am sure that there were times when  you have felt like you were a lonely voice out there crying in the  wilderness.   There is an old African proverb that says: Water has no enemies. So  you would think, given that, that there would be just this plethora of  funding and strategies, but there has not been. We have seen the crisis  in lead in drinking water, bathing; sportsmen depend on water;  agriculture depends on water; and truly, we need a water policy and a  policy around the Great Lakes that makes sense whenever we do an  infrastructure bill.   Now, for every one of those 18,000-plus days of service in the House,  you have been a steward and a champion for protecting not only this  environmental treasure, but Marcy also recognizes how much this  resource provides for our regional and national economy.   If the Great Lakes region, the U.S. and Canadian provinces, were a  separate country, it would have a gross domestic product of $6  trillion, making it the third largest economy in the world. That growth  and development would not be possible without leaders with vision and  passion like you, Marcy, and so I want to thank you.   I agree with the gentleman who has said that your greatest  accomplishments have not even occurred yet, as it pertains to  developing the potential for these water resources in the Great Lakes.   I want to thank you for your legacy of working to stop the invasive  Asian carp; fighting for safe and clean drinking water; making sure  that the Great Lakes get the needed support from the Army Corps of  Engineers for their funding, for dredging, and to maintain the critical  infrastructure to support commerce; for fighting against efforts to  roll back the Clean Water Act; and, certainly, for your vigorous  opposition to efforts to kill the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.   Thank you, Marcy, for your leadership, and I love you dearly.   