 Mr. President, I thank Senator Merkley for bringing us  here this evening to give us this chance to talk about a Supreme Court  nominee and to have us all here to talk about a whole range of issues,  because this Supreme Court nominee will affect the lives of every  single human being. So I thank Senator Merkley for doing this.   Since day one, the Trump administration has been plagued with chaos,  corruption, and broken promises. Candidate Trump promised to drain the  swamp in Washington, but this administration is teeming with shady,  corrupt political appointees using their government service to line  their own pockets and to do the bidding of their benefactors.   Candidate Trump promised to take care of everyone--to make sure that  every American was, in his words, ``beautifully covered.'' Instead, he  is trying to rip up the Affordable Care Act, permit insurance companies  to discriminate against tens of millions of people with preexisting  conditions, and knock millions more off healthcare coverage.    Candidate Trump promised to raise taxes on the rich. Remember that  one? Yes. Instead, he handed out an eye-popping $1.5 trillion tax  giveaway to giant corporations and the superrich.   For hard-working American families, the Trump Presidency has turned  into a nightmare. Trump hasn't broken his promises to everyone--no, not  by any stretch. For millionaires, billionaires, and giant corporations,  Trump has kept his promises all the way. Nowhere has that been more  obvious than with our courts.   ``Equal Justice Under Law''--those are the words inscribed over the  top of the Supreme Court. That is what the American judicial system is  supposed to be all about--a fair, neutral forum governed by the rule of  law; a place where everyone can be heard; a place where individual  rights are respected; a place where nobody is above the law. Those are  high aspirations, but these ideas never sat well with the wealthy and  well-connected. They are used to getting special deals, and a judicial  system that protects everyone, no matter their wealth or status in this  country, is a challenge to their unchecked power.   For years, they have engaged in a concerted campaign to turn our  courts into one more rigged game, a place that carefully protects the  rich and powerful and kicks dirt in everyone else's face. Billionaires  and giant corporations have been working on this plan for decades.   Today, the rich and powerful do their best to drown our elections in  money and tilt our government in their favor. Every day, they use their  money to buy favors in DC. Every day, they deploy armies of lawyers and  lobbyists to bend the laws passed by Congress to their will. Every day,  they push this government to do just a little more for the rich and  powerful and a little less for everyone else.   They are doing the same in our courts too. Since Donald Trump was  elected, we have seen judge after judge come through the Senate, some  barely qualified, some with deeply offensive records. But nearly all  these judges have one key quality: a demonstrated willingness to put a  thumb on the scales for those at the top at everyone else's expense.   This week, we will vote on two more Trump-nominated appeals court  judges. If they are confirmed, they will continue to tilt the courts  away from equal justice under law.   Nowhere is this effort more obvious or more damaging than with the  President's Supreme Court selections. During the Presidential campaign,  Donald Trump asked one group to draw up a list of acceptable candidates  to serve on the Supreme Court--one group, one very influential group,  one extremist group--the Federalist Society, a radical, rightwing group  deeply committed to overturning Roe v. Wade. Trump promised publicly  that if he was elected President, he would select Supreme Court  nominees exclusively from the Federalist Society's list.   The idea of a Republican President outsourcing the selection of  judges has never been so nakedly public. For decades, the Federalist  Society has been one of the leading rightwing, billionaire-funded  groups working to capture our courts. Their agenda? To impose their  extremist agenda on the entire country, undermining critical rights  like women's rights, workers' rights, voting rights, and environmental  protections.   The courts are at the heart of the Federalist Society's plan, so the  group has been laser-focused on filling the Federal bench with people  who are precommitted to serving the interests  [[Page S5015]]  of the rich and powerful instead of dispensing equal justice under law.   By allowing them to handpick the Justices who sit on the Supreme  Court, Trump gave the Federalist Society an unprecedented opportunity  to impose their extremist agenda on the entire country. What is at the  top of their list? Overturn Roe v. Wade. A top conservative explained  that Leonard Leo, the Federalist Society's longtime executive vice  president, was the man to get the job done. ``No one has been more  dedicated to the enterprise of building a Supreme Court that will  overturn Roe than the Federalist Society's Leonard Leo.'' Criminalize  abortion, punish women--that is the Federalist Society's plan.   Donald Trump has been happy to dance to their tune. During the 2016  campaign, he said: Yes, women should be punished if they try to get an  abortion. And if he could appoint two or three Justices, Roe would be  automatically overturned.   Since taking office, President Trump has made it abundantly clear  that he plans to fulfill his promise to select candidates exclusively  from the Federalist Society's list. Just days after his inauguration,  Trump nominated Neil Gorsuch--one of the candidates on the Federalist  Society's list--to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch  had a long record of twisting the law in ways that favored the  interests of large corporations over women, over workers, over  consumers, and over just about everyone who wasn't wealthy and well- connected. Republicans were so dedicated to getting Gorsuch on the  Court that they actually changed the Senate rules to get him through  the Senate nomination.   From his powerful perch on the Supreme Court, Judge Gorsuch has  continued to make it harder for Americans to find justice. In just 1  year on the Court, he has voted to gut the ability of public sector  unions to negotiate for higher wages, better benefits, and improved  working conditions for teachers, nurses, firefighters, police officers,  and other public servants; he has voted to undermine workers' ability  to hold their employers accountable for breaking the law; and he has  voted to uphold President Trump's immoral Muslim ban.   The same powerful people who handpicked Justice Gorsuch know they  will have another ally in Brett Kavanaugh. Frankly, it is not hard to  see why. Like Justice Gorsuch, Judge Kavanaugh's record shows that he  will continue to tilt the scales of justice in favor of the rich and  powerful and against everyone else. Don't take my word for it; take a  look at his record.    Judge Kavanaugh voted to limit the ability of women to make their own  healthcare decisions. He opposed a ruling protecting women's access to  birth control under the Affordable Care Act. He voted to make it harder  for agencies to protect public health, safety, and economic security.  He ruled that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau--the agency that  has returned $12 billion directly to people who were cheated by  corporate lawbreakers--is unconstitutional. He suggested that Federal  judges might substitute their own personal policy judgments for those  of expert Federal agencies that have been directed by Congress to  enforce the law.   Judge Kavanaugh had a lot of competition to get selected to fill the  vacancy on the Supreme Court. After all, the Federalist Society had  pulled together a whole list of people prescreened to overturn Roe v.  Wade and help out the powerful corporate interests that are really  calling the tune in Washington. Why pick Judge Kavanaugh? Why him  instead of someone else on the list?   There is something special that makes Judge Kavanaugh a lot more  attractive to President Trump. Judge Kavanaugh believes that, while in  office, a sitting President should be above the law. He has argued that  sitting Presidents should not face personal civil suits or criminal  investigations or prosecutions while in office.   After the spectacle broadcast live on television around the world of  President Trump attacking American intelligence agencies and American  law enforcement officers while sucking up to Vladimir Putin, we should  all question Judge Kavanaugh's willingness to protect the President no  matter what. After Trump's deeply embarrassing performance, Republicans  who actually want to stand up for the United States of America and  stand up to Trump instead of hiding behind carefully worded tweets  could refuse to rubberstamp Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Republicans  who believe that no one is above the law could vote no on Judge  Kavanaugh.   There is a lot more that makes this nominee particularly attractive  to President Trump. Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated incredible  hostility toward efforts to rein in public corruption and to break the  stranglehold of money on our political system.   Substituting your personal views for the will of Congress is not the  job of a judge, and it is certainly not conservative. Stripping rights  away from women, voters, workers, and immigrants, while expanding the  rights of corporations and rich people isn't fair, neutral, or equal.   Judge Kavanaugh didn't make this stuff up on his own, no. Judge  Kavanaugh is part of a movement to twist the Constitution in ways that  are deeply hostile to the rights of everyone but those at the top. He  has been a part of that movement for the majority of his professional  life, both before and after he became a judge, and now he has a record  of 12 years of judicial decisions that demonstrate his loyalty to that  radical ideology.   All of this makes Brett Kavanaugh a dream candidate for the  rightwing, extremist Federalist Society; a dream candidate for  rightwing, extremist Republicans; a dream candidate for the rightwing  groups and billionaires who want to buy off our political system; a  dream candidate for a sitting President whose campaign is under an  active, ongoing FBI investigation that eventually could land in the  U.S. Supreme Court; a dream candidate for all of them and a nightmare  for everyone else.   President Trump has made his choice. Here is the thing: President  Trump is not a King. The Constitution demands that the Senate have a  say in who gets to serve on the Supreme Court, and that means every  single Senator has a vote. Think about what is at stake. One Justice,  one vote could determine whether women can make their own healthcare  decisions. One Justice, one vote could determine whether workers can  join unions to negotiate for better pay, better working conditions, and  better benefits. One Justice, one vote could determine whether millions  of people with preexisting conditions can still get health insurance.  One Justice, one vote could make decisions on voting rights, civil  rights, immigration, criminal justice, consumer protection, and  environmental protection. One Justice, one vote could decide whether  everyone or just those at the top can find justice in America.   The Justices who sit on the highest Court in the country should not  be prescreened by extremist groups whose agenda is to tilt the scales  of justice against Americans who are most vulnerable. They should not  work to hand our courts over to corporate giants and wealthy  individuals. The Justices who sit on our highest Court should be  unequivocally committed to one principle: equal justice under law.   Judge Kavanaugh's record shows that he is not the right candidate to  spend a lifetime making decisions that will touch the lives of every  American. Every American who believes that our courts should not be  another puppet of the rich and powerful should speak out, and every  Senator who believes in equal justice under law should say no to Judge  Kavanaugh.   Mr. President, I yield the floor to my colleague from Oregon.   