 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Hastings for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste  Policy Amendments Act.   We worked in a bipartisan manner in the Energy and Commerce Committee  to ensure there is language in this bill that provides a responsible  path forward for consolidated interim storage.   When this bill was first presented in committee, the licensing of an  interim storage facility was linked to a final decision on Yucca  Mountain.   As someone who is critical of Yucca Mountain and its chances of ever  being completed, I found that to be unacceptable. It meant that our  Nation's nuclear waste could continue to be stranded at decommissioned  plants in California and across the country. That is not sustainable.   However, through bipartisan negotiations, we were able to  successfully agree on language that creates a separate path to interim  storage, decoupling it from a permanent repository.   That is the primary reason why I am supporting the bill today.   This is an issue that directly impacts my constituents and many  others across the country. My local utility, the Sacramento Municipal  Utility District or, as we call it, SMUD, currently maintains the  decommissioned Rancho Seco nuclear power plant. SMUD has reiterated how  important it is for the redevelopment of the site, that we have a plan  for consolidating spent fuel at a safe, licensed facility.   Moving spent fuel will enable SMUD to expand their adjacent solar  development or environmental mitigation area.   Consolidated interim storage is currently the most viable solution to  our Nation's spent fuel challenge. And there are private applicants  that want to take this fuel. Today's bill strengthens the regulatory  pathway that allows them to do so.   This bill also funds transportation safety, ensuring that we build on  our country's decades-long history of safely moving spent fuel.   While I don't believe every provision of H.R. 3053 is ideal, it is a  balanced step in the right direction, and that is why I will vote  ``yes'' for this legislation.   