 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I first wanted to comment on the  importance of an agreement on the farm bill. This is something that has  been long in coming. I want to thank Chairman Roberts and Ranking  Member Stabenow for their work, as well as the Members in the House,  including my colleague from Minnesota, Republican leader Collin  Peterson. He will be taking over the Ag Committee in the House next  year. This is a bill that is so important to rural America and in my  State.   We have seen low commodity prices for too long. As a member of the Ag  Committee, I know the last farm bill--the one we are operating under  currently--has some things for a strong safety net, but this farm  bill--the new tentative agreement--will allow us to make some changes  to the way the data is collected, which will be helpful for our farmers  with crop insurance. We have some improvements in dairy. We have some  good work that is going on with regard to conservation and some changes  there.   As you know, our Senate bill got 86 votes. We don't even get that for  a volleyball resolution around here. It was a bipartisan bill, and much  of that bill, I know, will be contained in this tentative agreement.  ``Tentative'' is with a small ``t,'' and the only reason we are saying  that is because we have to get the printed version out, and my hope is,  we can get this done in the next week. We do not want to go into next  year without a farm bill, with what we are seeing with the tailwinds  from these tariffs, with what we are seeing with diseases lurking out  there. In Minnesota and in other States in the Midwest, we just got  through avian flu a few years back, and every so often we have seen  some outbreaks of that. We lived through H1N1. We have a really good  provision in here that I authored with Senator Cornyn for a vaccine  bank.   So there is a lot of important, steady policy in the farm bill to  show rural America we have their backs and really to show the world  that at a time of great global competitiveness and with issues for our  farmers with everything from weather to prices, to global competition,  we want to make sure America stands by our farmers, and this farm bill  is a sure way to do it.   I am very excited, as a member of the Ag Committee, that we are close  to releasing some language here and look forward to getting this done  immediately.   We have all litigated these issues over the last year. It is not like  some new idea had been airlifted into this bill. Literally, every  single issue--from the nutrition discussions to the conservation  issues, to what we have seen on the farm programs, to rural economic  development, to rural broadband--has been discussed at length, and we  are ready to go. Let's get this bill done.   