 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this Keep  Families Together Act.   Mr. Speaker, over the last month, our country has reeled from the  cruelty at the border. And this week we waited apprehensively to see if  the Trump administration would meet the court-ordered deadline to  reunite at least the children under 5 who have been taken away from  their parents, separated for months at a time.   The Trump administration did not meet that deadline. To date, only 57  children have been reunited with their families. Over 3,000 children  were separated from their families, and all of this was a self-imposed  tragic, tragic set of circumstances that came from Donald Trump's  decision to institute a zero tolerance, zero humanity policy at the  border for parents who were seeking asylum for their children.   Mr. Speaker, headlines every day are blaring about what is happening  in the short term and the long term in terms of trauma caused to  children--to children, Mr. Speaker. One headline said that some of the  children who were 2 and 3 years old did not even recognize their  parents after 4 months of being separated--children who were  breastfeeding at their mother's breast, separated.   Mr. Speaker, the American Association of Pediatrics has said that the  long-term trauma and consequences to these children is absolutely  devastating. And let me be clear about what we are doing. The United  States Government--and I say not in my name--the United States  Government is separating children from their families, putting kids in  cages, parents in prisons.   Why? To deter people who are coming to the United States to do what  I, as a mother, and I believe any parent would do, to seek safety from  violence, from persecution, from being killed, gang raped, all kinds of  stories that I heard directly from the women and the men who fled and  are being held in a Federal prison.  [[Page H6126]]    Mr. Speaker, the Keep Families Together Act is the only bill that  would help prevent these horrors from occurring again and from  happening now. It prohibits the separation of children from their  parents; it limits criminal prosecutions for asylum seekers; and it  requires the Department of Homeland Security to reunite children and  their parents.   I have got to say, Mr. Speaker, I hear these things from people who I  believe are deeply good people on both sides of the aisle.    Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that there is any  Republican or Democrat that would want this kind of trauma to occur.  But I ask my Republican colleagues to stand up for who we are as a  country. Do not allow America to become this in the eyes of the world.  Do not go back to your children tonight and tell them that you allowed  for this to continue.   