 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding,  and I wish to congratulate Chair Granger and Ranking Member Visclosky  for their tireless efforts to produce this bill to meet several  unsettled security threats facing our Nation. The content of their  effort addresses difficult, shifting challenges.   With a National Defense Strategy delivered just months ago, this bill  defends America against the revisionist powers of Russia and China and  numerous rogue regimes throughout the world. It rebuilds our military  from a deteriorated state resulting from nearly two decades of constant  conflict.   This bill faces these challenges head-on and provides an  unprecedented $675 billion for defense, defending our Nation from all  enemies, foreign and domestic. The funds will go a long way to  strengthen troop levels, bolster cybersecurity and space operations  capability, gird our commitment to our allies and partners in NATO,  check sovereign threats to nations like Ukraine, and numerous other  priorities.   Most importantly, after 17 years of war and conflict, this bill  prioritizes the health of our servicemembers, providing $34 billion for  the Defense Health Program. It increases funding for defense health  research in the areas of mental health, traumatic brain injury, opioid  abuse and pain management, and a host of other critical health research  efforts.   While I am supportive of this bill, and trust Secretary Mattis to  lead us ethically with the utmost integrity, recent news reports that  seek to utilize Department of Defense assets on the domestic front  raise cause for concern. I am apprehensive about the news that our  military was asked to house undocumented adults and children as they  await court proceedings.   In conclusion, I am here today to urge my colleagues to support the  defense bill. This legislation provides funds for much-needed  technological advancements; strengthens the physical and mental health  of our servicemembers; and reinforces our military strength for the  future through major investments in readiness, force, and defense  medicine.   