 Mr. Speaker, there are lots wrong with these bills. I  will discuss that during the debate on the bills. This is about the  rule. For my friends on the other side of the aisle, they need to  understand that this is a self-executing rule. When they vote ``yes''  on this rule, they are voting to strip $100 billion from funding  President Trump's wall.   Let me say that again. A vote for this rule is a vote to take $100  billion out of building President Trump's wall. I want them to  understand that they are going to have to go home and explain to their  constituents why they voted to strip $100 billion out of funding  President Trump's wall.    Madam Speaker, this is an anti-immigrant bill. It  slashes legal immigration. It will injure the ag industry. It  criminalizes nearly the entire undocumented population. It will  undermine public safety and removes critical protections for families  and children, and it even fails to provide a pathway to legal permanent  residence for Dreamers.   Sometimes my friends across the aisle say the problem with  immigration is we don't have assimilation. You don't get assimilation  when you create a permanent underclass of people who are Americans in  every way but their paperwork.   It eliminates family-based categories, and this is the relatives of  Americans. American citizens and legal permanent residents, forget it.  You are not going to be able to get your family members in if this bill  passes.   It mandates the use of E-Verify, which would be highly disruptive to  restaurants, hotels, and other industries, and the changes in the ag  worker provision are just a fig leaf.   The bill transforms a civil law violation into a crime so that  undocumented immigrants, including the parents of Dreamers the bill  purports to help, become criminals overnight.   It would accelerate separation of kids from parents when 11 million  American workers suddenly become subject to prosecution.   Undermining our asylum system by establishing impossibly high  evidentiary burdens, it removes protections, as I have said, and it  does nothing to reunite the thousands of children who have been taken  away from their parents at the border. Instead, it facilitates putting  mothers in the cages with their toddlers.   So why are we debating a bill that nearly everyone, even many in the  Republican Party, think is a terrible idea? I fear it is because the  very extreme elements of the Republican Party have become the loudest  and the most powerful.   I continue to have faith in the good people of our country. The  American people spoke out loudly against President Trump's family  separation policy. They couldn't stand seeing little children, babies,  and toddlers ripped from their mother's arms. And we saw a reversal,  but it is not a solution, because locking up mothers, putting those  mothers in the cages with their toddlers is not the solution to this  problem.   We are not going to let hatred, bigotry, and xenophobia prevail in  this country.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, this bill is a step in the wrong direction  in so many ways.   I wish that we had had an opportunity to sit down, reason together,  and come up with a plan that really serves our country. That didn't  happen.   Here is what the result was: The Chamber of Commerce has just  reported that the Niskanen Center that they have relied on indicates  that, if this bill became law, the U.S. would lose $319 billion in GDP.  That would be the impact, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce,  for adopting this bill.   And I wonder what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are  really doing by turning every undocumented person in the United States,  currently a civil law violation, into a crime. We are now creating 11  million prosecution opportunities.   At the same time, The Washington Post is just reporting, this is the  headline: ``Trump Administration Will Stop Prosecuting Migrant Parents  Who Cross the Border Illegally with Children, Official Says.''   What are we doing here? We are doing a bill that would incarcerate  families and children to pursue a policy that the administration now  says they don't intend to pursue.   Now, I don't have a lot of trust in the Trump administration because  it changes daily.    Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle to take a step back here.   Your President has left you out on a limb. He just sawed that limb  off for a bill that does damage to the country for a policy that he now  has apparently abandoned. This is a ridiculous situation here.    Mr. Speaker, this bill wouldn't end the separation of  children from their parents, but it would also provide that the parents  could be put in jail with their children.   The alternative, which is false, seems to be to put the mother in the  cage with the toddler or they run free and we will never see them  again. It is not true.   There was something called the Family Case Management Program--100  percent attendance rate at the immigration hearing. Those are not my  figures. Those are figures from the Department of Homeland Security  Office of Inspector General.   One hundred percent of the people showed up at their hearing, either  to get relief or to be removed, at a cost of $36 a day, as compared to  $711 a day to keep a child in a temporary tent facility.   We don't want to see the equivalent of internment camps, as we saw in  World War II, for these asylum seekers.   We need the orderly administration of the immigration laws. This bill  will lead to mass incarceration of mothers and their toddlers.    Madam Speaker, I think it is important that we be honest  about why we are here today. Every major problem in this bill that this  bill purports to tackle was actually created by President Trump  himself.    First, there is Trump's policy of ripping children away from their  parents. He issued an order last night purporting to address this  issue, but we would not need to address it in legislation if it weren't  for his misguided policies. And I will point out that his remedy  appears to be the same one that is in this bill, which is to put the  mothers in the cages with the toddlers and to incarcerate whole  families.   Then we have the DACA program that President Trump chose to  eliminate. He says he cares about Dreamers, but it was his own decision  that created the present danger to these young Americans in waiting.   And, finally, we have the asserted need to change our asylum laws to  make it almost impossible to qualify, and to authorize the prolonged  detention of asylum-seeking families with children, to ensure  compliance with the laws.   I mentioned during the discussion of the rule, this is not necessary.  We had a program called the Family Case Management program that,  according to the inspector general for the Homeland Security  Department, resulted in a 100 percent attendance rate at immigration  court proceedings. And that is, in fact, what we need. We need  attendance at the court hearing. And if a person prevails, they would  be granted asylum, if they fail, they will be removed. What we need  here is the orderly processing and application of immigration law  instead of the chaos that President Trump has brought to us.   I would like to point out that this program costs $36 a day compared  to over $700 a day to put a child in one of those cages. Now, those  aren't my figures. Those are from DHS.   We don't need this legislation. We need the President to take action.  He can do what needs to be done today by picking up the phone.   Now, he has backed off temporarily, maybe because of public pressure,  but he has not addressed the issue of the Dreamers.   I don't know what the words a special path mean, but there is a new  path for Dreamers in this bill. However, as has been mentioned by Mr.  Nadler, for some, it could take as long as 23 years. So if you are 27  years old now, by the time you are able to apply and receive U.S.  citizenship, you would be 55 years of age. I think that is a ridiculous  proviso, especially, as we have all acknowledged, these are young  people who are Americans in every capacity, but for their----    Madam Speaker, I would just like to say, I think that  the President has taken the Dreamers, the little children, the asylum- seeking families as hostages for the anti-immigrant provisions in this  bill.   It has been mentioned that we have a generous immigration system. To  whom? Two-thirds of the visas go to the immediate nuclear family of  Americans. So that is what we want.   To eliminate the ability of Americans to have their sons and  daughters with them is simply wrong.   Madam Speaker, we should vote against this disaster of a bill.   