 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Music  Modernization Act. I also come from one of those districts that is a  hub.   After meeting with songwriters and producers in my district and  listening to their testimony before the House Judiciary Committee, it  is clear we risk losing the next generation of songwriters if we do not  address the rate standards for digital streaming.   Recently, I met with world-renown songwriter, Paul Williams, and I  have had open discussions with hundreds of songwriters from around the  country. Songwriters from my district have voiced that it is nearly  impossible to earn a fair income via digital streaming. They are  usually not the famous performers and cannot go on tour to earn a  living.   Over 50 percent of their income is derived from licensing performance  rights to their music. One of my constituents, Michelle Lewis, shared  that she made just $3.78 for 1.3 million streams of her work on one  streaming service. As the Grammy Award winning artist and songwriter  Ne-Yo stated: ``Even if you write a hit song that's streamed millions  of times, you're still not going to earn enough to pay the rent from  streaming. And that's where the entire industry is moving,'' which  [[Page H3541]]  is why I support the Songwriters Equity Act, AMP, the CLASSICS Act, and  MMA.   MMA also closes a loophole, which has negatively impacted early music  icons of Motown, jazz, blues, and rock and roll. According to Grammy  Award winning artist Dionne Warwick: ``How could it be that 1979's  `I'll Never Love This Way Again' receive compensation, but 1969's `I'll  Never Fall in Love Again' . . . does not?''   Recently, legacy songwriter and performer Darlene Love visited my  office to express her support for closing the legacy loophole. Born in  Los Angeles, she was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in  2011. She sang backup for Elvis, Aretha Franklin, and Frank Sinatra.  After decades of listening to her hard work being streamed without  being compensated, with the passage of MMA, she and other songwriters  will finally have access to the fair compensation they deserve.   If we are serious about supporting a next generation of songwriters,  then we must continue to address antiquated, though well-intentioned,  laws.   