 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6227, the National Quantum  Initiative Act, and I thank Chairman Smith and our colleagues in the  Senate, Senators Thune, Nelson, Murkowski, and Cantwell, for their  leadership on this bill.   This is a good, bipartisan bill, and I am happy that we will be  voting today to enact this bill into law before the Congress expires.  H.R. 6227 is the product of extensive formal and informal engagement  with key stakeholders in industry, academia, and the Federal  Government.   The Science, Space, and Technology Committee held a hearing late in  2017 in which we heard from Federal agency, university, and industry  representatives about ongoing research and future opportunities in  quantum sensing, quantum communication, and quantum computing. We also  heard about investments in quantum research across our agencies and the  need for a strategic and coordinated approach going forward. In  addition to the hearing, committee staff held numerous bipartisan  meetings and roundtables to inform the development of this committee.   Quantum sensors are already beginning to enter the marketplace, with  potential applications across all sectors--from environmental sensing,  to biomedical imaging, to the military battlefield. The race is on to  lead the world on long-range quantum communications, which, in theory,  at least, would be unhackable.   Quantum communications is the area of quantum technology development  where the U.S. is most at risk in ceding its leadership. Our R&D  investments pale in comparison to the scale of investments being made  in China and elsewhere.   Many believe quantum computing technology has the potential to  accelerate progress on some of our most pressing challenges, including  how to address climate change and understand complex diseases like  cancer.   It is truly an exciting time for this field and for the broad  spectrum of innovators that are planning to take advantage of these  breakthrough capabilities. It is also a time of increasing  international competition, and the stakes are high.   Global leadership in quantum computing brings with it a military and  intelligence edge, as well as a competitive advantage in what many  expect to be a massive industry for decades to come. We must invest  more in research. We must also ensure that we are educating and  training the next generation of top quantum scientists and engineers.   Our Nation's progress in advancing research in quantum science and  capitalizing on these investments to develop real-world technologies  will depend on partnerships among our Federal agencies, universities,  and the private sector. The National Quantum Initiative Act will set us  on the right path   H.R. 6227 directs the President to establish a 10-year National  Quantum Initiative Program, with the National Institute of Standards  and Technology, the National Science Foundation, and the Department of  Energy playing leading roles. Through the establishment of a national  coordination office, an outside advisory committee, and an interagency  working group, the program will take a whole-of-government approach to  accelerating progress in quantum research and technology development  and building a strong quantum science and engineering workforce.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no requests  for time. I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time.   