 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the 2018  farm bill and the importance of passing this bill.   I thank Chairman Roberts and Ranking Member Stabenow for their  dedication and determination in producing a truly bipartisan bill that  cleared the Agriculture Committee 2 weeks ago with a strong bipartisan  vote. Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer have been dedicated to  moving this bill to the floor. Under Chairman Roberts' and Ranking  Member Stabenow's leadership, the committee held six hearings,  examining every title of the bill, passed a bill out of committee on a  nearly unanimous 20-to-1 vote, and included almost 70 amendments before  getting it to the floor this week.   The Agriculture Committee and the farm bill are models of how we can  work across the aisle on tough problems and on major legislation that  impacts every American--the farmers and ranchers who grow and raise the  crops and livestock that sustain us, the hunters and conservationists  who rely on the wetlands and grasslands protected, the families who  rely on access to healthy foods.   This is an important bill. I hear it every day from people in my  State--fishermen and hunters, farmers in rural communities and leaders.  They understand that we do not want to be a country that becomes  dependent on foreign food. We don't want that to happen.   In Minnesota, we produce a lot of food. Our economy is diverse from  north to south and east to west--corn, soybeans, hogs, and turkeys in  the southern and western part of our State; wheat, canola, and sugar  beets in the northwest; and dairy and cattle in the central and  southwest. As a State, we are No. 1 in turkeys. Yes, Mr. President,  that is true. Minnesota is No. 1 in turkeys and sugar beets. We are No.  2 in hogs, No. 3 in soybeans, No. 4 in corn, and fifth overall in  agricultural production. But the prices farmers have received when  selling these goods have been declining since 2013. USDA's Economic  Research Service is forecasting net farm income to fall another 6.7  percent this year, which would represent the lowest level since 2006.   These commodities are increasingly sent around the world. From 2006  to 2016, Minnesota producers sent $7.1 billion worth of ag products to  markets around the world, making us the fourth largest agricultural  exporting State in the United States. Our soybeans and dairy go to  China, pork to Canada, beef to South Korea, and corn and poultry to  Mexico. These exports are a crucial part of our economy, and the  unknown on trade and the threat of terrorists, especially from allies  with allies, such as Canada and what we have been seeing there--and I  hope we will have a reasonable approach with our allies going forward-- those headlines are having real impacts on many farmers' bottom lines.   Finally, no matter where the farm is located or what crops they grow,  all Minnesota farms and rural communities face weather risks. This  spring, many farmers and ranchers were delayed getting into their  fields because of an April blizzard. We had rains that were unexpected,  and the uncertainty out there in the countryside makes our work on the  2018 farm bill even more important.   What do I like about this bill? First of all, it continues to protect  and improve the tools that help our farmers deal with risk. The  improvements included in the commodity title will ensure more  consistent payments across counties in the Agricultural Risk Coverage  Program and more access to risk management tools, such as crop  insurance.   It also replaces the Margin Protection Program for dairy producers  and invests additional funds in the new Dairy Risk Coverage Program.  This is a major challenge in my State and many others.   We have also started a vaccine bank for the first time--something  Senator Cornyn and I worked on. He is here in the Chamber, and I thank  him for his leadership in working on this vaccine bank that we have  started. It will help us with avian flu, H1N1, and other diseases that  we see with our animals.   Senator Thune and I worked together on several provisions in the  conservation title of the bill to help farmers get more out of their  land. We also worked to increase the CRP cap to 25 million acres and to  fix a loophole in the conservation sodsaver program.   This bill includes a number of amendments. I see Senator Stabenow is  here on the floor, and I again thank her for her leadership in helping  us. Michigan, just like Minnesota, understands how important  agriculture-based energy, biobased manufacturing, and clean energy  technology programs and initiatives are. Those amendments were all  included in this farm bill. I truly appreciate it, as well as the work  that Senator Hoeven and I did to increase access to credit, while  providing for better data reporting on borrowers and participation  rates.   I close with this: In these times of uncertainty in agriculture, we  need to work to strengthen the farms and rural communities that sustain  us every day. Whether it is hemp in Kentucky, hogs in Iowa, sugar beets  and sweet corn in Minnesota, or energy in Michigan, this farm bill is  about our Nation's future, and it is about adjusting what is working,  making it a bill that meets the challenges ahead, and making sure we  are investing in the farmers and the workers of the Midwest and not the  oil cartels of the Mideast.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   