 Mr. President, I call up the following amendments and  ask unanimous consent that they be reported by number: No. 3464, No.  3522, No. 3524, and No. 3402.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to proceed with a closing statement for up to 3 minutes.    Mr. President, as we near completion of the fiscal year  2019 appropriations bill for Transportation, Housing and Urban  Development, and Related Agencies, which has been included in the  appropriations package before this Chamber, I wish to thank all of my  colleagues for working collaboratively with us.   The managers' amendment incorporates 14 T-HUD amendments, which adds  to the deliberations that produced the bill that we brought to the  floor. In drafting this bill, the ranking member, Senator Jack Reed, to  whom I am very grateful for his bipartisan collaboration, reviewed more  than 800 requests and input from 70 Senators from both sides of the  aisle. This truly is a bipartisan product. I also want to thank the  staff for their diligence and commitment throughout this process.   Our Transportation-HUD bill makes important investments in our  infrastructure and housing programs that will benefit communities and  vulnerable families, seniors, young people, homeless veterans, and so  many others across the Nation. Improving our infrastructure is also  essential for economic growth, personal mobility, and the creation of  jobs.   I am pleased that we were able to bring this spending bill to the  floor so that Members have a full opportunity to analyze and debate  this legislation rather than the past practice of moving all the  appropriations bills in one enormous, 1,000-page omnibus. That is a  great credit to the Senate, to the Appropriations Committee, and  particularly its leaders, Senator Shelby and Senator Leahy, and to the  majority and minority leaders as well. All of them worked together and  made it a goal for us to report all 12 appropriations bills from the  Appropriations Committee and bring them to the floor for full and open  debate. That is how the process is meant to work. I want to thank my  Members on both sides of the aisle and urge my colleagues to support  the bill.   Mr. President, I wish to also speak about clarifying FDA regulations  on ``added sugar'' labeling requirements. It is very important to our  pure maple syrup and honey producers in the State of Maine.   I rise to thank my colleagues, including Chairman Shelby, for  including in the managers' package an amendment that I offered with  Senators King, Sanders, Hoeven, Shaheen, and Leahy to help protect our  pure maple syrup and honey producers from labeling requirements that  could create widespread consumer confusion and negatively affect these  industries.   Although FDA's ``added sugars'' labeling requirement is intended to  help educate consumers about a product's contents, complications arise  when it is applied to single-ingredient sweeteners like maple sugar or  honey. The rule would require the label to state that all sugar in  these products as ``added sugar.''   The Maine Maple Producers Association, along with the individual  producers it represents, believes that the term ``added sugar,'' when  used with a  [[Page S5534]]  single ingredient sweetener, will confuse consumers and misrepresent  the product's standard of identity.   Consumers may assume that high fructose corn syrup or cane sugar has  been added to the maple syrup, which directly conflicts with the pure  and natural image of the product.   Our amendment would ensure that no funds are used to enforce the  ``added sugars'' requirement on any single ingredient sugar, honey,  agave, or syrup that is packaged for sale as a single ingredient.   I am grateful that FDA has acknowledged the serious concerns  expressed in the public comments and by Members of Congress, by  declaring its intent to ``swiftly formulate a revised approach.'' While  we are committed to ultimately achieving an exemption for single- ingredient sweeteners, passage of this amendment is another signal of  strong bipartisan, bicameral opposition to the requirement.   This is a commonsense solution to avoid harmful unintended  consequences of a well-meaning rule, and I thank my colleagues for  their support.   