 Mr. Speaker, today we are  considering three good bills from the Science Committee: H.R. 5509, the  Innovation in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act; H.R. 6229,  the National Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthorization Act  of 2018; and, H.R. 6398, the Department of Energy Veterans' Health  Initiative Act. I support each of these bills, and look forward to  their passage.   I want to thank Majority leader McCarthy for introducing H.R. 5509,  the Innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act. This  legislation directs the National Science Foundation to support research  to improve STEM degree programs and apprenticeships in partnership with  the private sector. H.R. 5509 also supports labor market research to  draw upon lessons learned in countries already benefitting from an  emphasis on apprenticeships and skilled-based learning. This is a good  bill that will help to bring the education and training our students  receive more in line with the skills employers value most. This will  benefit those preparing to enter an ever-changing job market, employers  seeking to innovate and increase production, and our economy as a  whole. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this bill.   H.R. 6229, the National Institute of Standards and Technology  Reauthorization Act of  [[Page H8872]]  2018, is a two-year, bipartisan reauthorization of programs and  activities for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, or  NIST. I am glad to see that this bill increases funding levels for the  agency's laboratory programs and funds research and standards  facilitation for important issues such as advanced communications,  cybersecurity and privacy, internet of things, quantum information  science, artificial intelligence research, and infrastructure  resilience. I am glad to support this bill today, and furthermore, urge  my colleagues to support increased funding in the future for crucial  laboratory infrastructure enhancements on the NIST campuses.   H.R. 6398, The Department of Energy Veterans' Health Initiative Act,  authorizes the Department of Energy (DOE) to conduct collaborative  research with the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) in order to  address complex, large data management challenges associated with  veterans' health care issues. Specifically, it aims to leverage DOE's  expertise in high performance computing in order to analyze VA-provided  health and genomics data.   This bill also directs DOE to carry out a two-year research pilot  program to advance research in artificial intelligence and data  analytics for a broad range of potential applications. It provides the  Secretary with the authority to establish user facilities capable of  securely storing large data sets created by Federal agencies, academic  institutions, or industry at DOE National Laboratories. I appreciate  the need to utilize the entire resource base of the Federal government  to address the needs of our veterans' health care. This bill provides  an important tool to try and make our veterans lives better, and I  strongly support the bill's passage.   