 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to discuss the merits of S.  2155, a bill that I have been working on since coming to the Senate in  2013. It is a bill that addresses the concerns of rural financial  institutions, particularly those in our rural communities. It is a bill  that was drafted to address access to capital concerns and the  consolidation of small banks in areas where I live, which is in the  State of North Dakota. It is a bill that I am incredibly proud of. I  know that there have been a lot of statements made about this bill in  the last week, and I am here to set a lot of those straight.   Before I start, I wish to talk about what it is like in rural  communities where I grew up. I find it interesting when I hear that  this bill is about Wall Street banks and big bank bailouts. The last  time I checked, Lincoln State Bank, which is my small community bank in  the community where I went to high school, in Hankinson, ND, is not on  the Fortune 500. It is not on the Fortune 100. It is a small community  bank that has been operating and has been available to consumers in my  community to help them achieve their family goals, achieve their  farming goals, and achieve their needs for capital going forward.    I don't recognize the bill that is being debated here in the U.S.  Senate because it is not the bill that has been written, and it is not  the bill that is hopefully going to pass the Senate. I don't think that  it is any mistake, when you look at the five primary sponsors of this  bill--the five of us who wrote this bill--that most of us are from  predominantly rural States. I think we understand the needs of those  living in our States and the needs of those living in our rural  communities.   When you look at an opportunity to fix regulation and to respond to  concerns that people have, one of the constant arguments that I get  when I go home is this: There is no longer any common sense in  Washington, DC. They don't understand where we live. They don't  understand who we are. They don't understand that we live in  communities and that we support and protect each other. Instead, they  write one regulation that is supposed to be one-size-fits-all.   That is certainly not what this is. This is an attempt to write a  bill that would give direction to the Federal regulators so that small  banks could be treated as small banks and so that large banks could  continue to be regulated and treated as the large, systemically  significant institutions that they are.   I will give just a few statistics that I think everybody should  understand.   Thirty years ago, there were approximately 14,000 banks in the United  States. Today, there are approximately 5,000. Since the passage of  Dodd-Frank, the United States has lost about 14 percent of its smallest  banks. Meanwhile, the small banks' share of U.S. domestic deposits and  banking assets has decreased, and the five largest U.S. banks, which  don't benefit from our bill, appear to have absorbed much of this  market share.   What I have said consistently is that Dodd-Frank was supposed to have  stopped too big to fail, but the net result has been too small to  succeed. The big banks have gotten bigger since the passage of Dodd- Frank, and the small banks have disappeared. They have retreated from  their traditional role of relationship lending, first out of fear for  regulation in that they might be doing something wrong and then out of  fear of the cost of regulation if they are going to work towards  compliance.   I will make one simple point. This bill was not written by Wall  Street bankers, and it was not written by Wall Street lobbyists. If it  had been, it would have been a completely different bill in that it  would actually provide relief to Wall Street banks and Wall Street  bankers, but it does exactly the opposite. It will give relief to those  institutions, whether they be regional banks or small community banks,  that can be effective competition for the largest institutions in this  country.   It is absolutely essential that we set the record straight that this  bill is to get our relationship institutions--whether they be credit  unions or banks or our regional institutions that are not doing  anything more sophisticated than the work that is being done in our  small community banks--the regulatory relief that they need to  effectively compete against the biggest banks in this country and to  tailor our regulations, to set our regulations, in a way that reflects  the common sense of American citizens.   I will take a minute because I think a lot of things that have been  said about this bill have been incredibly reckless. These inaccurate  claims, if left unchallenged and undiscussed, will create the  legislative history of this bill, which could, in fact, then be used by  many of the same institutions that we believe are not affected by this  bill to argue that they are entitled to some sort of protection. We  can't let that happen.   First, let me start by saying this is not a giveaway to Wall Street.  It is not a giveaway to the largest institutions. Our bipartisan bill  makes targeted, commonsense fixes so as to provide tangible relief to  community banks and credit unions so that they can lend to borrowers in  rural America and support rural communities. It leaves in place rules  and regulations that hold Wall Street accountable. In fact, the big  banks aren't necessarily happy with this bill because it doesn't  benefit them much.   When we asked the current regulators, such as Fed Reserve Chairman  Jerome Powell--he basically said that he believes the bill gives the  regulators the tools they need to continue to protect and prevent  against financial collapse.   Let me say how the bill doesn't help the largest institutions.   It will not make any significant changes to the regulations that face  the largest Wall Street banks. They  [[Page S1658]]  will continue to be reined in from causing havoc to the financial  system like they did during the financial crisis. It will not make any  structural changes to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It will  be allowed to continue to protect consumers. It will do nothing to  weaken or repeal the Volcker rule. The only institutions that will be  given any relief from the Volcker rule will be those banks that have  under $10 billion in assets. That is not JPMorgan; that is not  Citibank; that is not Goldman Sachs; that is not the largest of  institutions. Those institutions of $10 billion or less are the only  institutions that will get relief from the Volcker rule. It also does  not change the way the Federal Reserve regulates foreign banks.   Second, this bill will not lead to another mortgage lending crisis.   Let's just go back and examine what happened in 2008. We had a  significant number of liar loans--subprime lending--which drove the  mortgage market. That was troublesome and problematic in and of itself,  but the real problem came when those mortgages were securitized and  sold into the secondary market. That is where the trouble began. It was  trouble enough that they were putting institutions in jeopardy, but  they were passing along that risk to the public through these  securitized products--derivatives. Guess what. When the whole thing  collapsed, we looked behind, and we saw these risky mortgage loans. We  saw what actually created some of the problems on the front end before  it was securitized.    Nothing in this bill changes qualified mortgage standards. Nothing in  this bill removes the protections that Dodd-Frank has provided to the  secondary market. The only thing this bill does as it relates to  mortgages is to say to those small institutions, which are the small  community banks that I am familiar with, that they can make mortgages  without worrying about the qualified mortgage standards. They can go  ahead and do that. The one thing they can't do is sell those mortgages  into the secondary market. They have to keep those mortgages on the  books.   When you have a requirement that they keep them on the books, do you  really, honestly believe that these institutions are going to take  unnecessary risks? The answer is no. Guess what. They didn't take  unnecessary risks before 2008. They did not cause this problem, but  they are incurring the bulk of the expenses to fix this problem.   To suggest that we are, in fact, risking the financial security of  this country--of our institutions--because we gave a small, discrete  break on mortgages to the smallest of institutions, which have to keep  these mortgages in portfolio, is absurd. If you don't believe me, let's  look at what Congressman Barney Frank, one of the architects of Dodd- Frank, said yesterday. He said, ``Nothing in this bill in any way  weakens the prohibition about making shaky loans to people with weak  credit and then packaging them into a security.''   Our bill restores the balance for small community banks in the  mortgage business without opening the door to excesses and predatory  lending standards that led to the financial crisis. To suggest  otherwise is disingenuous and simply not true. We have to push back  against this idea that somehow we are rolling back the clock. In fact,  in this same interview, Congressman Barney Frank said that about 95  percent of Dodd-Frank, as it is written, will remain intact after this  bill passes--95 percent. You would not believe that to listen to the  dialogue and the diatribe we have heard on the floor.   The third misstatement is that we will somehow scrap the rules for  the largest Wall Street banks and allow regional banks with up to $250  billion in assets to follow the same rules and regulations as the tiny  community banks.   Again, this is not true. Far from scrapping the rules, our bill  simply provides that the Federal Reserve has the ability to tailor one  piece of Dodd-Frank, and that is the section 165 regulations. For  certain regional lenders, that means that if they do not pose systemic  risk, they will not be subject to the requirements of section 165. Yet,  if the Fed determines that they could, as in the case, as you have  heard, of Countrywide--if there is another Countrywide out there and  the Fed discovers another Countrywide--it can, in fact, include that  institution in section 165.   So let's not exaggerate the impact of this bill. Let's talk about how  we have moved the assumption from $50 billion or $100 billion to $250  billion in terms of what is systemically risky, knowing that the Fed  can always go back and include smaller institutions if they, in fact,  see the challenges.   The other thing that we need to point out about the Dodd-Frank  regulations and consistent regulations in moving forward is that our  bill still requires very rigorous stress testing for these regional  institutions. Regional institutions would have to have the ability to  meet those stress tests.   At his confirmation hearing, Chairman Powell called the framework of  this bill a sensible one, and he affirmed that he would like to  continue meaningful and frequent stress tests on banks between $100  billion and $250 billion, as provided for in this bill, while he  confirmed that it is not necessary to stress test the smaller banks. I  think that this position is supported, again, by Janet Yellen, who  said, ``I do think it's appropriate to tailor regulations to the system  footprint of the financial organization'' and called our bipartisan  Senate bill ``a move in a direction that we think would be good.''   Moreover, our bill does not change the risk-based capital and  leverage regime for these regional institutions under the Basel III  reforms. Relatedly, our bill does not change the fact that the  comprehensive capital analysis and review--what we call CCAR--applies  to these regional banks. Of course, the Fed has said it will continue  to implement enhanced prudential standards.   In addition to stress tests that are required under this bill for  some banks over $100 billion, we have all of these other requirements  and the requirement that they continue to meet qualified mortgage  standards. They can sell these mortgages into the secondary market if  they meet those standards.   It is critically important that we be very clear about what this bill  does and does not do for our midsized or regional institutions.   The fourth and probably the most hurtful of the claims that have been  made is that those of us who care deeply about preventing and  eliminating discrimination in lending have somehow opened the door to  allow for discrimination in lending by changing the HMDA standards.  That is an outrageous claim and particularly hurtful for the Members of  this body who have spent their lives fighting discrimination. I want to  talk about the facts.   Our bill continues to require that all lenders, no matter the size,  collect the traditional HMDA data, which includes information on race,  gender, and ethnicity. Contrary to what some have said, our bill only  relaxes the new, additional data requirements for some of the smallest  lenders in the country--those that make less than 500 loans a year.  This data only makes up 3.5 percent of all of the data collected under  HMDA. Think about that. We are claiming that people are discriminating  and allowing for discrimination because we are relaxing the standards  for the smallest institutions, and it only amounts to 3.5 percent of  the total data collected--3.5 percent. This is an outrageous statement,  and it is needs to be corrected on the record.   You might ask, why even change the 3.5? For those small institutions,  the 44 pages of data that they are required to collect--it may, in  fact, be that they no longer are interested in doing those kinds of  mortgages.   So it is very important that we correct the record. In fact, I asked  Chairman Powell during a recent Banking Committee hearing to clarify  whether he believed the change in S. 2155 would result in or lead to  additional discrimination in lending. He said that he did not believe  that it in any way would affect their ability to enforce the fair  lending laws in this country.   Fifth, some have inaccurately alleged that the change from ``may'' to  ``shall'' in the tailoring is a dangerous provision that empowers big  banks to secure more favorable treatment from the government. I think  that claim does not stand up to scrutiny.   First, it is common sense that we should tailor Federal regulations  so they are implemented in a practical and effective way. Second, in  our bill, we retain the broad rule of construction under section 165,  which provides  [[Page S1659]]  the Federal Reserve with wide latitude to tailor prudential standards  to any company or category of companies based on any risk the Fed deems  appropriate--pretty broad authority on the part of the Federal  Government. Third, in the event of a lawsuit, the Fed would be given  strong deference by the courts to interpret what might apply to section  165.   Sixth, our bill would not open up targeted reforms to the  supplementary leverage ratio beyond the three custody banks. Under the  plain reading of this bill, the three custody banks are the only three  institutions that are predominantly engaged in the custody business. Of  course, the regulators retain the discretion to make appropriate  adjustments to SLR.   To be clear, there is broad agreement among regulators that the  unique business model of custody banks warrants tailored treatment of  the SLR provision. That is why a substantially similar bill passed the  House Financial Services Committee--no lighthearted people there on the  minority side--by a vote of 60 to 0.   Finally, our bill will not gut oversight of foreign megabanks  operating in the United States such as Barclays and Deutsche Bank.  These three institutions, all of which have over $250 billion in  assets, will be subject to section 165 of Dodd-Frank. That means  foreign banks will still be subject to foreign bank stress test  requirements, liquidity stress testing, and strict Basel III capital  requirements.   Our bill does not change the Fed's requirement that large foreign  banks establish an intermediate holding company in the United States,  which subjects foreign banks' U.S. operations to requirements similar  to those imposed on U.S. banks.   Chairman Powell at the March Senate Banking Committee hearing was  asked about this, and he said he did not believe this bill would exempt  foreign banks from tough oversight under Dodd-Frank. Additionally, the  substitute amendment for this bill has affirmed that large foreign  banks do not escape Dodd-Frank supervision.   I think it is really important that we debate the actual merits of  this bill and not the ``boogeyman'' merits--the statements that this  bill will somehow lead to a catastrophic downfall of our financial  system. As I said, even Barney Frank disagrees with that evaluation of  this bill.   It is important we set the record straight on what this bill does and  does not do and that we make sure that when a court is reviewing this  provision--if, in fact, there is ever litigation--that the court has a  record to go to on the floor of the Senate and in the committee which  corrects misstatements and refocuses the bill on what the actual  intended outcome is and how the bill was actually written.   So with that, I will yield the floor, but I will say I intend to  submit a document for the Record in the next discussion, which,  hopefully, will provide a written document outlining the myth versus  the facts of this bill so we can have an actual record that the courts  can look to that documents the intent and the purpose of this  legislation beyond the hyperbole and overstatement that we have heard.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   