 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3 today,  particularly because it is incredibly deceptive. The Trump-GOP  rescissions measure manages to have Republicans bundle their most  damaging and misguided budget priorities into one badly flawed bill.   For starters, the deception includes the ludicrous notion that all  the money that is being repealed and pulled back wouldn't be used  otherwise.   This bill eliminates billions of dollars in funding for children's  health insurance, which will prevent Congress from making smart,  compassionate reinvestments in biomedical research and other child and  maternal community health programs, which we could do if this bill were  not here on the floor being forced down our throats.   What is worse is this bill cuts job creation funds while millions of  families in rural and distressed communities struggle to make ends  meet.   But this reckless rescission stunt doesn't stop there. It includes  additional cuts to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation and  cuts badly needed funds for rural water programs.   Just to prove that no sector is spared, it also cuts transportation  improvements in rural Appalachia and national and community service  programs, as well as funding for energy efficiency and advanced  technology loan programs that we know are surefire job creators.  Neglecting these health, energy, and job needs is a policy failure on  all fronts.   This rescissions bill ignores families struggling to put food on the  table tonight. It neglects to make smart reinvestments that would  benefit workers and taxpayers in the coming months and years ahead. And  it shamelessly pretends to put this Nation's fiscal house in order,  while still leaving future generations saddled with crushing debt.   It is rich that Republicans are suggesting that they are protectors  of our deficit when they pushed through into law a tax scam bill that  added more than $1.5 trillion to our annual deficits and that gives  massive handouts to corporations and the wealthy.   Budgets are a financial expression of our values, and this Trump  rescissions bill just confirms that Republicans care more about the  wealthiest among us while the rest of America must fend for itself.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding. I also thank Chairman Frelinghuysen and former Chairman Dent  for their hard work on the bill.   Mr. Chair, I recognize Chairman Carter for taking up the reins on  this bill. It is not an easy, carefree situation to come in and take  over after a bill has been completely written and then have to manage  it. But I am confident, given the track record that I have seen  Chairman Carter have, that it is going to be an absolute pleasure to  work with him, as it has been all throughout my tenure on the  Appropriations Committee.   As you all know, the MILCON-VA bill has a strong reputation for  common ground and bipartisanship. Chairman Dent set a cooperative tone  and was inclusive throughout the process before his retirement.   The MILCON portion of the bill is up by $241 million over last year's  enacted level. In my opinion, the fiscal year 2019 request adequately  provides funding for both the Active and Reserve components.   One item that I want to point out in the MILCON portion of the bill  is new funding for enhancing security and safety. The bill includes  $150 million for enhancing much-needed force protection and safety  concerns at military installations. Too often, we had situations where  these projects were deferred for big-ticket items and then never made  it into the request.   For the Department of Veterans Affairs, title 2 is $3.9 billion over,  for a 5 percent increase above the fiscal year 2018 enacted level.   Mr. Chairman, I am also pleased the bill rejects the administration's  proposal to combine the Medical Services and Community Care accounts  into one enormous account, which was a bipartisan agreement.  Maintaining the old structure of two accounts offers us the most  transparency for the committee to both monitor and control spending in  these two areas.   Mr. Chairman, while the Military Construction-Veterans Affairs  division makes many important investments, it does fall far short in  averting the multibillion-dollar funding shortfall at the VA in both  the Choice and Community Care programs.   The majority has acknowledged this fact because included in the rule  was a self-executing amendment that added $1.1 billion to the Community  Care account to address a discretionary shortfall caused by the VA  MISSION Act, which the Democrats had repeatedly since the introduction  and passage of the MISSION Act warned the majority about.   Even with this additional $1.1 billion, the bill fails to address the  $1.6 billion shortfall in traditional Community Care due to increased  requirements. And it does nothing to address the long-term stability of  the Veterans Community Care program, which CBO now estimates will need  an additional $1 billion for fiscal year 2019 and at least $47 billion  from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2023.   This future shortfall--make no mistake, you can take this to the  bank, mark my words--if we don't deal with this, will ultimately force  the VA to begin cannibalizing other critical VA priorities.   Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Lowey submitted an amendment to the  Rules Committee that would have addressed this issue, as did Mr. Walz  in the VA authorizing process, that would have preserved the Bipartisan  Budget Act deal and prevented cuts to VA programs.   It also would have held nondefense discretionary caps for VA  negotiated under the Bipartisan Budget Act harmless when funding for  the Veterans Choice Program is transferred from mandatory to  discretionary accounts.   Another concern I have is that, despite calls to return to regular  order, as many of my colleagues have discussed here today, we are  instead taking up, completely unnecessarily--because we have plenty of  time to do this--three bills at once. This year especially, the process  should have been better.   The bipartisan budget agreement enacted in February provided us  relief from unworkable discretionary spending caps by giving this  committee a bipartisan top-line number for fiscal year 2018 and fiscal  year 2019. Yet here we are, for the second straight year, doing another  minibus. This is extremely disappointing, and it is nowhere close to  regular order.   Mr. Chairman, if we want to return to regular order, we have to know  the full 302(b) picture at the beginning of this process, not five  bills in to when we have marked up over a third of the bills that we  consider every year. We have to return to considering bills one at a  time and under an open process that allows each Member of this body to  have reasonable input.   Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue to govern in this fashion. We must  stop listening to the most extreme voices, because it is clear that  passing any appropriations bill at the end of the day that will be  signed into law is going to require a bipartisan majority of both  houses, which this minibus will not get, in my estimation.   As a result of this irresponsible posture, I am incredibly  disappointed that I will be voting against the minibus and look forward  to working towards an appropriations product that both parties have  actually worked on together and can support.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition  to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I am very sympathetic to the  gentleman from Michigan's plight.   PFAS chemicals have been found in groundwater and drinking water in  Michigan due to their use in firefighting foam at former Wurtsmith Air  Force Base. In fact, many closed installations across the country have  a PFAS problem.   For many decades, the Department of Defense used a class of chemicals  called PFAS and PFOA in firefighting foam. However, we now know that  PFAS is a toxic chemical that has negative health effects on the  environment.   I would like to work with the gentleman from Michigan on this issue  to ensure that cleanup costs in his district are properly addressed in  a timely manner, and I look forward to working with him on this issue.  [[Page H4973]]    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   I also do not oppose the amendment and find the gentlewoman's concept  interesting.   It is pretty clear that getting another BRAC round is going to be  difficult. In response, many services are demolishing facilities that  they no longer need using operation and maintenance funding.   As we know, the BRAC account is primarily for environmental cleanup  costs associated with closing bases. I would be interested to see if  there are any environmental cleanup costs associated with the  demolishing of buildings.   For that reason, I will not oppose the amendment, and I look forward  to seeing the results of the gentlewoman's idea.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition,  though I do not oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, as the gentleman from California  said, some veterans have reported respiratory issues and other health  conditions that they believe are related to their exposure to burn  pits.   There are studies that provide information about the health effects  related to exposure, but not enough to determine the long-term impacts.  In response, the VA is researching, responsibly, the issue and has  created the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry for veterans  and servicemembers. However, many veterans, unfortunately, do not know  about the burn pit registry.   The gentleman from California's amendment would help bring attention  to the registry to get more veterans registered so that, should an  issue arise, they can be contacted quickly and receive the care that  they have earned.   There is no cost to the veteran to participate, and the veteran does  not even need to be enrolled in the VA's healthcare system.   The burn pit registry is a tool to help participants become more  aware of their health and to identify health conditions possibly  related to exposure to burn pits and other airborne hazards. But it  only works if veterans know to sign up, and the gentleman's amendment  will accomplish that.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this registry is a tool that can  be used to identify health concerns, guide discussions with a  [[Page H4975]]  healthcare provider, and document deployment-related exposures. We need  to ensure that the VA is doing all it can to make veterans aware of  this registry. It could literally, as the gentleman from California  pointed out, be the difference between life and death.   Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Providing veterans, Mr. Chairman, with prompt access to care is one  goal that all Members of this body share. Call routing at the VA is a  very important issue. We need to ensure that there is a system that  meets the expectations of veterans and their loved ones.   There are numerous VA call center numbers available to veterans who  have questions about healthcare benefits and other issues, and we must  ensure that calls being made to the VA are prioritized, tracked, and  routed to the correct place so that issues are promptly and thoroughly  addressed.   We do also have, Mr. Chairman, an issue with there being a lot of  different phone numbers at the VA, and that in and of itself is also  confusing. So I, too,  [[Page H4976]]  look forward to working with both gentlemen from California. I  appreciate their efforts on this issue.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  yielding. According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, the  gentlewoman is correct, roughly 20 veterans take their own lives every  day in the United States, and it is a very serious problem that we need  to address.   As the chairman mentioned, the bill provides $8.6 million for mental  health programs, and that is actually $6 million above the budget  request. We are very proud of the work that the committee has done.   In addition, the $196 million for suicide prevention outreach fully  funds the veterans' crisis line, additionally, at $90 million. The bill  repeats language first included in the FY17 act requiring the veterans  crisis line to provide to individuals who contact them immediate  hotline assistance from a trained professional and to adhere to all  requirements of the American Association of Suicidology.   The potential for suicide and making sure that we take care of our  veterans who are facing crisis is absolutely critical. I do not oppose  the amendment, but I do think it is important to stress that the  committee did work to significantly prioritize this issue, and we  appreciate the gentlewoman's attention to it.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Adaptive sports promotes the rehabilitation of disabled military  service veterans. This is a vital program that allows veterans with  disabilities to participate in physical activity, including those with  mental health issues, within their home communities, as well as more  advanced paralympic and adaptive sports programs at the regional and  national levels.   Mr. Chairman, the committee is a strong supporter of this program. In  fact, the bill provides $17.8 million for the National Veterans Sports  Program. I appreciate the gentleman addressing this issue today, and I  support this amendment.   