 Madam Speaker, I have a motion to  recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I am opposed.    Madam Speaker, this is the final  amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to  committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final  passage, as amended.   My amendment is a commonsense measure that protects the American  people from corruption and conflicts of interest.   My amendment simply states that before taking any action to eliminate  or change a regulation, regulators must disclose any communications  from the White House or the President's family advocating for the  action and whether the President, his family, or any senior  administration officials would benefit financially from such action.   The American people need to have confidence that their government is  working in the best interest of the people and not to enrich a  President and his family and wealthy friends.   Every day, the news is filled with stories that raise this very  question. Does the Trump family benefit when the EPA loosens  environmental safeguards on construction projects?   Does Jared Kushner's deeply indebted family business receive  favorable treatment when he advocates for certain policies?   Do the President's sons get special permits from foreign governments  when the President changes policies towards those countries?   Who in the administration gets richer when our coasts are opened up  to oil drilling, when tariffs are levied on steel, or when predatory  lenders are allowed to prey on college students?   President Trump has rejected the norm that all modern-day Presidents  have followed. His refusal to release his tax returns or to remove  himself from his family business necessitates codifying the norms and  practices of previous Presidents into law in this disclosure.   Congress must do its job and provide a necessary check on a President  who has shown contempt for his basic duty to put Americans first. All  of these policies affect American families. They affect the taxes we  pay, the air we breathe, and whether our kids can afford to go to  college.   We deserve to know if these decisions are being made to enrich a  President and if they are being made at the taxpayers' expense. This  simple act of disclosure will allow the American people to judge for  themselves who this administration is really looking out for.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   