 Madam President, like my colleagues, I, too, want  to honor and express my gratitude to my friend and colleague, Senator  Dean Heller.   Most people don't know that he has spent 30 years serving the great  State of Nevada. I have heard everyone talk about how Dean loves  Nevada. There is no doubt that if you just have an initial conversation  with Dean Heller, you will learn about Nevada and his love for Nevada  and why it is a wonderful place to live.   He has advocated for the people of Carson City as a member of our  Nevada State Assembly. He served as Nevada's secretary of state, where  he made Nevada the first State in the Nation to adopt paper records for  electronic voting machines.   In Congress, Dean has fought tirelessly on behalf of our Nation's  veterans, as we have heard, first as a Representative for Nevada's  Second Congressional District and then as a United States Senator. I  have watched Dean and have had the honor to work with him now across  the aisle.   When I first came to the Senate as a junior Senator, he warmly  welcomed me. We had a conversation about how we could work together-- although we don't see eye to eye on everything, but how we could work  together for the best interests of the State of Nevada. He made a  commitment then, and he followed through on that commitment.   So together we have worked to do so many things on behalf of the  great people of the State of Nevada. We worked on critical  infrastructure. He has worked to support our local law enforcement and  fund programs, as you have heard, for veterans and seniors and low- income families.   We also found common ground, just as Nevadans expected us to do, and  introduced bipartisan legislation to protect our public lands in  eastern Nevada while also prioritizing long-term economic growth in our  rural communities. I have also worked with him and watched Dean as he  worked on domestic violence prevention and human trafficking prevention  in the State of Nevada.   We have had the opportunity, not just here in Washington but in our  home State, to work side by side to stop any attempts to revive Yucca  Mountain. We introduced bipartisan legislation requiring the Secretary  of Energy to obtain the written consent of the Governor and impacted  local Tribal communities before building a nuclear waste repository.   As you have heard, Dean and I also shared an unfortunate, horrific  incident on October 1--the deadly shooting in Las Vegas. He and I were  on the ground, along with our entire delegation, to do everything we  could in our community, and Dean was everywhere. He was talking to so  many people, thanking the first responders, stopping by the hospitals,  talking with the families. It truly was his commitment to his home  State to do everything he could to help that community heal, and he  continues to do so today.   The one thing I do know as a Nevadan born and raised, just like Dean,  is that when it comes to our beloved State, it is about putting that  State first, the people there, and uniting and coming together to make  sure that we are working together. No matter the climate, no matter the  partisanship that we see here in Washington, it is about what we can do  every single day to work together, and I thank him for that commitment.  I thank him for his willingness to bring this junior Senator in and  have conversations about how we can work together to the benefit of our  community.   I want to thank Senator Heller for everything he has done over the  years on behalf of the State of Nevada, for his decades of service, and  for his friendship. I wish you and Lynne and your beautiful children  and grandchildren the best in this chapter of your life. I know you are  not done. We are all excited to see what is next.   So I thank you, my friend, and I look forward to working with you in  the future as well. Thank you for your commitment.   I yield the floor.   