 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our ranking member for yielding  and for his tremendous leadership on defense issues and so many other  issues that are critical to our national and domestic security.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule and to H.R.  5515, which is the 2019 National Defense Authorization Act. This bill  authorizes $717 billion in defense spending. Yet we know that there is  at least $150 billion in waste, fraud, and abuse currently over at the  Pentagon. Now we are giving them more money. Shame on us. This is an  already out-of-control, bloated Pentagon budget.   It would also increase funding to $69 billion for wars that Congress  has never debated or voted on. Once again, my Republican colleagues  have used off-the-books spending gimmicks to further expand the bloated  Pentagon budget.   Enough is enough, Mr. Speaker. Instead of writing blank checks to the  Pentagon, Congress needs to live up to its constitutional obligation to  debate matters of war and peace. Yesterday I offered an amendment to  sunset the 2001 and 2002 Authorization for Use of Military Force after  8 months of enactment. Congress would have 8 months to debate and vote  on a new AUMF before the repeal. Eight months is plenty of time. Mr.  Speaker, we passed the 2001 AUMF within 3 days, mind you.   Last week, of course, Speaker Ryan--and I say at the orders of Donald  Trump--undemocratically stripped our bipartisan 2001 sunset amendment  when the Defense Appropriations bill came before us.   When in the world will this body have the backbone to debate the  costs and consequences of these wars? Our brave troops deserve better.  We need to do our job.   I am pleased, though, that some of my amendments and others passed  last night--which are very important amendments. They include  clarifying that nothing in this bill can be construed as authorizing  force against North Korea--that is the use of military force.   Also we included reporting requirements for auditing the Pentagon. We  need the Pentagon audited so that taxpayers will really begin to know  where their hard-earned tax dollars are going and what weapons systems  they are contributing to in terms of the building of weapons systems  which probably will never be used, a report and update on the United  States-Kabul compact, and also overseas contingency operations  reporting requirements.   Can you believe we are spending all this money on a slush fund  through OCO, and we don't know what is going on with that account?   The underlying bill is still a disgrace.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   In conclusion, I just want to reiterate that authorizing wars with no  end, no debate, and no vote is unconstitutional, and it is wrong.   I call on Speaker Ryan to bring forth an authorization because every  step of the way, we are trying in a bipartisan fashion to do this, and  it is the Speaker's call. He should do that so that we can debate and  vote up or down on these wars.   So this rule and this bill should not be passed just based on the  amount of money that we are giving to the Pentagon to do more than  ensure our national security and fight terrorism.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' on the rule and the underlying bill and  reject this shameful bill.    Mr. Speaker, I would just like to respond to the gentleman  from Alabama (Mr. Byrne) and say that I know exactly what is going on  over at the Pentagon in terms of their auditing requirements and what  they are doing. But I have to say the Pentagon--and the gentleman  should know this--has never been audited, I know, for the last 50  years.   The public understands it needs to be audited because they see each  and every day the wasteful spending of the Pentagon when you just look  at, for example, CEO compensation of millions and millions and millions  of dollars that are being paid to defense contractor executives on the  taxpayers' dime.   So, yes, I know what is going on; and, yes, it has not been audited  in 50 years.   