 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion.    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6157 is a critically important bill.  It may be one of the most important, most consequential bills that  Congress will consider this year.   The bill before you reflects the guidance and advice we received  through hearings, briefings, and meetings with the Secretary of  Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the leaders of the  military services, and all other national security experts.   This legislation provides funding to maintain our military readiness,  protect our Nation from those who would seek to do us harm, and ensure  our defense superiority.   After years of decline, the rebuilding of our military began with the  fiscal year 2018 omnibus. This bill continues that progress and makes  more critical investments in our Department of Defense: more troops,  more battle training, more equipment, more munitions.   The security situation around the world is rapidly changing. We are  regularly reminded that we are still a Nation at war and new,  unforeseen threats arise daily. A strong national defense is of the  highest priority.   It is imperative that we provide ongoing stability and support for  our military. This is what our military leaders have asked for, and we  can provide that today, with this bill.   Not only is this legislation critical to our national security, but  to the men and women in uniform, all volunteers who selflessly serve.  We must show our troops and their families that they have the full  support of this Congress. This includes providing them with their  largest pay raise in nearly a decade.   The bill fulfills the Congress' most important constitutional  responsibility: providing for the common defense. And it does this  responsibly, by funding those military needs that must be addressed  now, planning for those of the future, and respecting the taxpayer by  making commonsense budgeting decisions.   This bill puts our Nation's security strategy on a stronger course,  protecting the American people, and keeping the peace in an  increasingly dangerous and unstable world.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this motion to recommit,  and vote ``yes'' on the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   