 Mr. President, I am proud to be a Wisconsin Senator.  Washington is broken. Washington isn't working for Wisconsin or  Minnesota or the rest of America, for that matter. I rise today to call  on all my Senate colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to fix it.   I think it is very important for all of us to be honest with the  American people and shoot straight with how we got to this point where  we are today, amidst a government shutdown.   At the end of September, nearly 4 months ago, the Republican majority  missed a major deadline--a deadline to pass a budget for America and  its government and appropriations bills that fund the government for  the year. Republicans have the power of the majority here in the U.S.  Senate, in the House of Representatives, and the Presidency. Yet the  Republican leadership has failed--failed to put together a budget for  America and its government that provides certainty for our country.  Families in Wisconsin who are struggling paycheck to paycheck put  together a budget for their families because they have to in order to  make ends meet. But here in Washington, my friends on the other side of  the aisle have played by a different set of rules.    On Friday night, they didn't put forward a budget for America and its  government. Instead, they offered their fourth short-term continuing  resolution in the last 4 months. This is no way to govern, simply  kicking the can down the road each month and ignoring the real needs of  our country.   The Federal budget is not a calendar year budget; rather, it runs  from October 1 to September 30 each year. There are all sorts of  historical reasons for why that is, but among them, if we get our work  done on time, the local governments and other entities that have  calendar year budgets get to see what Federal funds have been allocated  for the things that we do jointly that make a real difference in  people's lives. The Congress is actually supposed to get its budget  done in the spring and then finish its appropriations process by  September 30. In fact, today we should be starting our work on the 2019  budget. Instead, we are still working on the 2018 budget that should  have been completed last spring and appropriations bills that should  have been done by September 30.   The majority had from September 30 until December 9--that was the  first, short-term continuing resolution, as it is known--to get the job  done. On a bipartisan basis, we allocated that time through a  continuing resolution. The majority then had from December 9 until  December 22, another short-term continuing resolution, and then from  December 22 to January 19, another continuing resolution. But the  governing majority still hasn't done its work, so they asked for yet  another 4 weeks. This month-by-month approach from the majority has  failed. It has failed to provide our military and troops with the  budget certainty they need.   We heard from Secretary Mattis and his team this week about how  harmful these continuing resolutions are to our Nation's military, and  the majority should heed those words because it impedes the military's  ability to plan for the defense of our Nation. Under repeated  continuing resolutions, the Department can't start new programs, hiring  and recruitment are limited, and our national security funding  priorities are left on autopilot. The Defense Department has made it  clear that they need a long-term budget, not week-by-week and month-by- month measures, but the majority has failed to deliver results.   Our veterans need VA reforms so that they can get the healthcare  services they have earned, and I have worked in a bipartisan manner on  a number of reforms of the VA Choice Program, but the continuing  resolution offered--and rightly rejected by both Democrats and  Republicans--shortchanges veterans' health when we should be working  together to serve those who have bravely served this Nation.   Four months ago, congressional Republicans let funding for children's  healthcare expire. They refused to pass legislation that funds the  Children's Health Insurance Program, otherwise known as CHIP, and  170,000 children in the State of Wisconsin rely on CHIP for their  healthcare. But the congressional Republicans were more concerned  during that period of time with giving away massive tax breaks; 80  percent-plus of the benefits go to the upper 1 percent and big  corporations. In fact, while these children were ignored, Republicans  gave permanent tax cuts to powerful corporations and now won't provide  permanent funding for the CHIP program for children's health insurance  for low-income families.   Four months ago, the majority party that controls Washington let  funding for community health centers lapse. In my home State, 300,000  Wisconsinites are served by community health centers, including kids on  CHIP. Two weeks ago, I visited one of those community health centers in  Green Bay, WI. The healthcare workers and staff describe the anxiety  and uncertainty they feel every day because they don't know whether  they will have the funding they need to minister to the healthcare  needs of those whom they serve. Many community health centers can't  move forward with longer term contracts for services or repairs or  invest in new medical equipment because they don't know if or when  Washington will act. They found out on Friday night that the continuing  resolution offered, just like the three before it, failed to address  funding for community health centers once again, but it did give tax  breaks to big insurance companies. We cannot leave our community health  centers without the funding they need to serve the people for whom we  all work. We should take action now to fully fund them because they  can't wait any longer.   I know that every one of my colleagues here in the Senate has come  face to face with the opioid epidemic. I know I have. I have traveled  my State and met with healthcare workers, local officials, people from  law enforcement and the judiciary who are working on the frontlines of  this crisis. I know what it is like to have a loved one dependent upon  narcotics. I have met with families who have lost a loved one to this  epidemic. I have met with family members who are currently finding  their own lives totally upended because of a loved one who is hooked on  opioids. There is bipartisan support for doing more. There is support  across party lines for the Federal Government to step up and be a  stronger partner in this fight. A short-term, stopgap measure isn't  going to do it, and we all know it. So let's find the will to work  together to provide strong investments in local communities so that  they have  [[Page S403]]  the resources they need for prevention treatment and recovery efforts.  Let's work together to save lives.   We are where we are right now because I think Washington has lost  sight of what our work here should be about--making a difference in  people's lives. Hundreds of thousands of young people have had their  lives placed in limbo by the politics of Washington. The Dreamers, who  have only known America as their home, are working hard. They are going  to school. They are serving in our military. President Trump has  threatened them with deportation. Right now, we have a bipartisan  solution that Republican leadership in both the Senate and the House  have refused to make a commitment to passing. This bipartisan solution  strengthens border security and does right by the Dreamers. Just a  couple of weeks ago, I spoke with an education leader in Wisconsin. He  told me that his school, a Catholic K-12 school, employs by his count  23 Dreamers. He can't imagine the devastating impact it might have if  we don't figure this out.   On Thursday of last week, I spoke with a Wisconsin Dreamer. She made  her way to DC--and this wasn't her first trip--to tell her powerful  story. She asked for an update, and I told her what I thought was  happening here. She told me she had just 8 days left before her DACA  status expires, and she said: I don't know what I am going to do, how I  will be able to work. Today, she has only 5 days left. We have a  bipartisan solution that Senate Republicans and Democrats have worked  on together, so let's do our job and let's get it done.   I have the privilege of working for a State with a work ethic that is  second to none. I am deeply humbled by that privilege, and I do  everything I can to respect and reward the hard work of Wisconsinites.  That is why I have been working for months on pension reforms. When  people work hard and they play by the rules and build their retirement  security, they should be able to depend on the pensions they have  earned. Right now, 25,000 Wisconsin retirees and workers have had their  pensions threatened through no fault of their own. I have visited with  these workers throughout the State of Wisconsin in Green Bay, in  Endeavor, in Milwaukee, and Brookfield--hundreds of them. They each  have a powerful story. I spoke to one worker who started his job as a  trucker at age 23. He worked for 40 years. At several stages in his  career, he had the opportunity, if you will call it that, to forgo a  potential increase in wages so that he could put more into his pension,  so he and his wife could enjoy a secure retirement. But today he and  thousands of others are facing the prospect of massive cuts to the  pensions they have earned, unless Congress acts. They can't afford to  have us kick the can down the road once again. They need us to act and  keep the promises of the pensions they worked so hard for. Let's work  together. Let's work together and get the job done by passing the Butch  Lewis Act and save the pensions that over a million workers and  retirees across this country are counting on.   Mr. President, enough of round after round of fighting. The American  people are fed up with it. They did not send us here to perform a  monthly melodrama. They sent us here to get things done. They didn't  send us here to play political games and create chaos. They sent us  here to work together on solutions to the problems that they face and  that we face jointly as a nation. The biggest problem we face right now  is that Washington is broken. It is up to us to fix it, so let's start  working together to get the job done.   I yield the floor.   