 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 6720, the Dog and Cat Meat Trade  Prohibition Act of 2018.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my colleague, the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Abraham) and this bipartisan legislation. The Dog  and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act calls for an end to the global dog  and cat meat trade.   Sixty-eight percent of Americans own pets. We treat our pets as  members of the family. That is why I am surprised to learn that we  don't already have a law on the books that prevents the killing of dogs  and cats for their meat.   While this remains an extremely rare issue in the United States, the  practice does occur elsewhere in the world. By passing this bill,  Congress will outlaw the slaughter and transfer of dogs and cats for  human consumption in the United States.   The farm bill currently in conference includes similar language from  both the House and the Senate, so regardless of what our colleagues  across the Hill do on this important issue, we can send an important  message today.   With this legislation, we have the chance to be a leader and set an  example for those countries in which the cat and dog meat trade is most  prevalent, including South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, China, and  elsewhere. By passing  [[Page H8118]]  this bill, we draw a clear line on this issue and send a message to the  world that we will hold countries who abide this practice accountable.   It should be pointed out that while prohibiting the killing of dogs  and cats for food may be seen as a no-brainer, this legislation does  take a sensitive approach to the issue with regard to the diverse  cultural practices within our great Nation.   I appreciate the work of the two gentlemen from Florida, Messrs.  Buchanan and Hastings, and their leadership on this issue. It is an  opportunity to come together, and we should be united in our opposition  to this unconscionable practice.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings), my very distinguished colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the passage  of H.R. 6720, and I yield back the balance of my time.   