 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support for H.R. 4744,  the Iran Human Rights and Hostage--Taking Accountability Act,  introduced by my fellow Texas delegate Congressman Michael McCall and  fellow House Judiciary colleague Congressman Ted Deutch.   H.R. 4744 states that Congress stands with the people of Iran, and it  provides the Trump administration with the tools necessary to hold  Iranian government officials responsible for human rights violations,  corruption, and censorship.   Moreover, this legislation holds the Iranian regime accountable for  taking hostage American citizens and permanent residents by ensuring  that those responsible pay an extreme but just price for the violations  committed.   I applaud the House Foreign Affairs Committee for their support in  passing this critical piece of legislation.   And I sincerely hope that this bill passes the Senate and arrives at  the President's desk to be promptly signed into law so we can begin to  hold the Iranian regime accountable for their gross human rights  violations.   The Iranian regime continues to perpetuate gross human rights abuses  against its own people.   The regime continues to suppress the country's voices for reform  through censorship of the media.   The regime continues to recklessly use the nation's resources to  expand its regional influence through its support for terrorist groups.   The regime continues to engage in corrupt practices.   And the regime continues to illegally detain and imprison our  citizens without just cause or reason.   These practices are unacceptable.   H.R. 4744 serves as a clear signal to the people of Iran that we  support them in their quest for freedom, it shines a light on the  regime's human rights violations and sanctions those who are complicit  in such crimes.   The same goes for Iranian officials guilty of corruption, censorship,  and the diversion of goods intended for the Iranian people.   Lastly, this bill sanctions individuals complicit in taking Americans  and other nation's citizens hostage and requires the President to work  with our international partners to develop a strategy to put an end to  this practice.   We have five Americans currently detained in Iran--an intolerable  circumstance that calls for action.   We must do all we can, and apply as much pressure on Iran as  necessary to ensure the American detainees' safe release, and prevent  future Americans from being held hostage by this brutal regime.   I thank Congressman McCaul and Deutch for their leadership on this  legislation to hold Iran's corrupt officials accountable.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill's passage, and the  passage of all the important measure before us today.    Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland  Security Committee and a former member of the Science Committee I am in  strong support of H.R. 2809, the ``American Space Commerce Free  Enterprise Act of 2017.''   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Eddie  Bernice Johnson for their work to bring H.R. 2809 before the House for  consideration.   There is historic congressional support for NASA in Congress, and I  am proud to have played a leading role in this effort.   Now that space exploration has attracted strong private sector  investments, space exploration has entered a new era.   I served on the House Science Committee for 12 years; and one of the  goals was to see private sector investments in space exploration.   This legislation grants the Office of Space Commerce (OSC) of the  Department of Commerce the authority to issue certifications to U.S.  nationals and nongovernmental entities for the operation of:   1. specified human-made objects manufactured or assembled in outer  space, including on the Moon and other celestial bodies, with or  without human occupants, that were launched from Earth; and   2. all items carried on such objects that are intended for use in  outer space. To be eligible for certification, each entity's  application must include a space debris mitigation plan for the space  objects.   H.R. 2809 also directs that the Office of Space Commerce (OSC)  establish a Private Space Activity Advisory Committee to:   1. analyze the status and recent developments of nongovernmental  space activities, and   2. advise on matters relating to U.S. private sector activities in  outer space.   The bill authorizes the OSC to issue permits to persons for the  operation of space-based remote sensing systems.   The OSC will also establish an Advisory Committee on Commercial  Remote Sensing to provide advice on matters relating to the U.S.  commercial space-based remote sensing industry.   The bill also abolishes the Commercial Remote Sensing Regulatory  Affairs Office of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.   It is our job as members of Congress to make sure that NASA continues  to push the boundaries of what is possible, keeping our Nation on the  forefront of innovation and exploration.   However, when the impossible becomes routine, and private sector  interest in the area of space exploration attracts investment and  further innovation in the area of commercialization it is fitting to  support private sector efforts.   We should not forget the role that private and public sector efforts  have made in developing and promoting advancements in aviation from its  earliest beginnings.   The Wright Brothers were private citizens who devoted themselves to  solving the problems associated with human flight.   Their success led others inside and outside of government to pursue  innovations that led to the development of technology that ultimately  led us into space.  [[Page H3489]]    NASA continues to be the world's premier space organization but as  innovation and private interest in space continues we must make room  for private sector interests.   We must provide for safe and responsible space innovations, while  assuring that the United States remains a leader in this area.   H.R. 2809 maintains sustainability of purpose for the government's  support of commercial space activities.   The bill lays the ground work for an expansion in commercial space  activity and emphasizes the importance of maintaining a steady cadence  of science missions that lead the way into deeper exploration of our  planet, solar system and beyond.   This authorization addresses an issue of great importance to a  sustained and healthy space program.   The bill provides a place in the Department of Commerce for remote  sensing commercial space activity.   It is the responsibility of this Congress to ensure that the future  of NASA is one of continued progress and that space exploration remains  a part of our national destiny.   NASA inspires our children to look to the stars and dream of what  they too may achieve one day.   Space exploration allows us to push the bounds of our scientific  knowledge, as we carry out research projects not possible within the  constraints of planet Earth.   I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of H.R. 2809.   