 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.   As a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I rise  today in strong support of H.R. 2353, the bipartisan Strengthening  Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, a bill to  support students and prepare them for the future.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for  their work on this important legislation.   In Oregon, current technical education classes, like Beaverton's  Aloha High School's Auto Tech program and Newberg High School's CAD  Lab, engage more students, boost graduation rates, and give students  the opportunity to learn real world skills.    Federal CTE funding provides critical equipment that schools need to  make these hands-on classes meaningful experiences for students in  Oregon and across the country.   I am proud that this bill includes the amendment I worked on with  Representative Elise Stefanik, my cochair of the STEAM Caucus, to  encourage the integration of arts and design skills into STEM CTE  programs. Our provision will help make sure that the next generation of  students are creative and innovative by fully engaging and educating  both halves of the brain through art and design.   Mr. Speaker, I want to, again, thank my colleagues, and especially  Ranking Member Scott and Chairwoman Foxx for their leadership on this  issue. We have been waiting for a long time for this bipartisan bill,  and I am proud to stand in strong support today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from  California for yielding time, and also for his commitment to this  important issue.    I am honored to co-chair the Oceans Caucus with Representative Young,  and I thank him for his leadership on this important issue.   I also thank my Oregon colleague, Mr. DeFazio, for his commitment and  for his passion about the importance of marine debris and addressing  it.   I rise in support of the Save our Seas Act, a bill to clean up and  reduce marine debris. This bill would reauthorize the NOAA Marine  Debris Program through fiscal year 2022 and provide resources to help  States respond to severe marine debris events. The health of our oceans  reflects the health of our planet, and we must do more to keep garbage  out the ocean and off of our shores.   Every minute, the equivalent of a garbage truck full of plastic is  dumped into our oceans. According to the  [[Page H7645]]  United Nations, that is more than 8 million tons a year. Plastic  bottles, straws, grocery bags, cigarette butts, fishing gear, and  abandoned vessels litter the ocean.   Currents and atmospheric winds carry floatable marine debris. These  movements trap items in debris accumulation zones, also known as  garbage patches. A study published in the journal, Scientific Reports,  estimated that the Pacific garbage patch is comprised of about 1.8  trillion pieces of debris.   We still don't know how long it takes for plastic to biodegrade.  Estimates range from 450 years to never.   Marine debris harms our coastal economies, endangers marine life,  destroys important marine habitats, propagates invasive species, and  creates hazardous conditions for the maritime industry. Tiny pieces of  plastic, fiber, fragments, and microbeads also make their way into  marine life, blocking digestive tracts, altering growth and, in some  cases, killing animals and marine organisms.   Healthy beaches and waterways are critical to the marine ecosystems  that thousands of people rely on to earn a living in Oregon and other  coastal communities. After the tsunami hit the coast of Japan in 2011,  large materials like docks and boats that carried invasive species  ended up on the shores of the Pacific Northwest.   But it is not just tsunami debris that is a problem. According to  NOAA, a majority of the debris that covers our beaches come from storm  drains and sewers, demonstrating that this is not just a problem  resulting from those along our Nation's shorelines.   Marine debris is entirely preventable, but we must support  responsible disposal practices and provide coastal communities with the  resources they need. The NOAA Marine Debris Program has partnered with  Oregon Sea Grant, Oregon State University, Oregon Coast Aquarium, and  Lincoln County School District to create a curriculum to teach middle  and high school students about the effects of marine debris and to  promote stewardship activities.   There has been growing momentum on this issue, as many companies and  cities and jurisdictions across this country stop the use of plastic  straws and bags.   The ocean is resilient and we can help it heal, but we cannot afford  to wait. I urge my colleagues to support this bill to strengthen the  Federal response to marine debris.   I want to close, again, by thanking all of the bipartisan sponsors  and cosponsors of this legislation, but also, especially, the co-chair  of the Oceans Caucus, again, Representative  Don Young, for his  leadership.   