 Mr. Chair, I rise to oppose H.R.  5797, also known as the ``IMD CARE Act.''   H.R. 5797 allows states to use Medicaid funds to treat adult patients  ages 21-64 with opioid abuse disorders in Institutions for Mental  Disease (IMDs) with more than 16 beds. While expanding access to  treatment for substance abuse disorders is an admirable goal, H.R. 5797  is not the way to accomplish this goal.   One obvious limitation of H.R. 5797 is that it only applies to opioid  and heroin use disorders. It does nothing to expand access to treatment  for other types of substance abuse disorders, including alcoholism and  the abuse of other illegal drugs like methamphetamine, crack, and other  forms of cocaine.   A second problem with this bill is that it only expands access to  treatment in inpatient IMD  [[Page H5338]]  facilities. It does not provide Medicaid funding for substance abuse  treatment services in an outpatient setting, nor does it require states  to make such services available. Not all substance abuse patients need  to be treated in an institution, and those that do will also need  outpatient recovery services after they are released from an IMD.   Currently, states can already use Medicaid funds to treat patients in  IMD facilities by means of a waiver from the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid Services (CMS). In order to qualify for a waiver, states must  take steps to ensure that patients are able to obtain substance abuse  treatment and services in the community, as well as in institutions.  Eleven states already have a waiver for this purpose, and eleven other  states have waiver applications pending. Expanding access to inpatient  treatment in states that do not provide outpatient services risks  forcing patients into treatment that is ineffective and inappropriate  for their situation.   Another option that is already available for states that want to  expand access to substance abuse treatment services is to expand  Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Medicaid expansion would ensure  that all low-income people, including those with substance abuse  disorders, are able to obtain treatment for their medical conditions.   I submitted an amendment that would have required states to expand  Medicaid pursuant to the Affordable Care Act as a condition for using  Medicaid funds to treat people with opioid abuse disorders in IMD  facilities. This amendment would have provided an additional incentive  for states to expand Medicaid, which in turn would have expanded access  to a broad range of treatment and services for patients with substance  abuse disorders.   Expanding access to Medicaid will benefit patients with substance  abuse disorders, regardless of the type of addiction from which they  suffer and regardless of whether they would be best served by inpatient  treatment, outpatient treatment, or a combination of the two.   It is especially ironic that this bill is being considered on the  House floor the day after House Republicans unveiled their fiscal year  2019 budget proposal, which would cut $1.5 trillion from Medicaid. If  the majority party cares about Americans suffering from an opioid abuse  disorder, they would not rob them of the health care services thiey  already have.   I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 5797 and support a comprehensive  solution to substance abuse disorders that will meet the needs of all  people suffering from these tragic medical conditions.   