 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3832,  the Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act.   Mr. Speaker, it is undeniable that our military veterans deserve our  deepest gratitude for the courage and valor they demonstrate while  defending the United States of America.   H.R. 3832 directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a  memorandum of understanding with the executive director of a national  network of State-based prescription monitoring programs under which  Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query the  network in order to prevent opioid abuse.   Veterans are truly heroes walking among us and they deserve our  utmost respect as well as assistance in any recovery or treatment they  require.   Mr. Speaker, our veterans bravely put their lives on the line to  defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe.   There are over 20 million veterans in the United States, with a large  number residing in my home state of Texas.   Texas has more than 1.4 million veterans, making it the state with  the second largest veteran population.   Harris County, the county which contains my district, is home to over  187,000 veterans, the most of any county in the state.   There is no doubt that these fearless men and women suffering from  burdensome health problems deserve not only our gratitude, but also our  support throughout recovery and treatment.   By passing H.R. 3832, health care providers will receive additional  information so they may provide veterans with assistance which will  enhance their rehabilitation.   This bill would enable the VA to monitor drug prescriptions in order  to ensure that veterans' risk of addiction is minimized.   The Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act would allow VA providers to  better track and prevent excess opioid prescribing.   The provisions of this bill will serve as a vital resource to our  veterans and their health care providers as they overcome burdensome  health problems.   These provisions would help prevent opioid abuse by allowing for  greater information sharing between VA and state-based prescription  drug monitoring programs.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3832 to show their  support and gratitude for the sacrifices made by our service men and  women, and to ensure that veterans battling health problems receive the  care and rehabilitation they deserve.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4245,  the Veterans' Electronic Health Record Modernization Oversight Act of  2017.   Mr. Speaker, one way the nation can express its deepest appreciation  for our service men and women is to ensure that their health records  are handled appropriately.   H.R. 4245 directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit certain  documents to Congress relating to the Electronic Health   Record Modernization Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs.   More than 20 million brave Americans are veterans of our nation's  armed services including more than 1.5 million women, 2.4 million  African American men and women, 1.4 million Hispanic men and women,  320,000 Asian Americans, and 145,000 American Indians.   Of these veterans, more than 1.4 million reside in my home state of  Texas.   Harris County, the county which contains my home district, has over  187,000 veterans which is the largest veteran population of any county  in Texas.   More than 9 million veterans and their families are enrolled in the  VA health care system, making it the largest health care system in the  nation.   This system employs more than 306,000 full time health care  professionals and support staff at 1,240 health care facilities,  including 170 VA Medical Centers and 1,061 outpatient sites.   Mr. Speaker, our veterans bravely put their lives on the line to  defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe.   By passing H.R. 4245, the modernization of veterans' health records  will receive the attention it deserves in order to enhance their  rehabilitation and quality of life.   The Veterans' Electronic Health Record Modernization Oversight Act of  2017 requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit documentation  to Congress regarding the agency's efforts to modernize its health  record system.   This will serve as a vital resource to enable us to assist our  veterans as they overcome burdensome health problems.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4245 to show their  support and gratitude for the sacrifices made by our service men and  women, and to ensure that veterans receive the care and rehabilitation  they deserve.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4958,  the Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2018.   H.R. 4958 directs the Department of Veterans Affairs to increase, as  of December 1, 2018, the rates of veterans' disability compensation,  additional compensation for dependents, the clothing allowance for  certain disabled veterans, and dependency and indemnity compensation  for surviving spouses and children.   The bill increases the rates of compensation for veterans with  service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and  indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans.   For the brave military men and women serving our country, this will  help offset the cost of living in higher cost areas of the country.   Our nation owes a great debt to these fearless men and women  defending our nation.   Providing cost of living adjustments to keep up with inflation is an  effective way to honor their sacrifice.   Many of our veterans rely on the disability benefits they receive  from the Department of Veterans Affairs to merely make ends meet.   While Social Security benefits are automatically adjusted annually to  keep pace with inflation, Congress must pass legislation every year to  increase the rates of veteran disability compensation.   Unfortunately, it requires an act of Congress to make this same  adjustment for our nation's veterans.   Passing H.R. 4958 ensures that our nation's veterans are able to  receive the same annual cost of living adjustment of Social Security  recipients.   The community-integrated rehabilitation treatment provided by the  pilot program will serve as a vital resource to our veterans as they  overcome burdensome health problems.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4958 to show their  support and gratitude for the many sacrifices made by our service men  and women.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5044,  the Service-Disabled Veterans Small Business Continuation Act.   H.R. 5044 amends title 38, of the United States Code to clarify the  treatment of certain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and  preferences of the Department of Veterans Affairs.   Nearly 1 in 10 small businesses are owned by veterans and among these  veteran-owned businesses, they collectively have generated over $1  trillion in sales.   When the owner of a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business  passes away, his or her spouse is permitted to inherit the business and  retain priority status to obtain VA contracts in the federal  procurement marketplace.   In obtaining goods and services, the VA provides a special preference  to firms owned and controlled by veterans with service-connected  disabilities.   Surviving spouses of veterans with service-connected disabilities  rated at 100 percent are eligible to retain this preferential  contracting status for up to 10 years after the veteran's death.   Passing H.R. 5044 would authorize similar treatment for surviving  spouses of veterans whose service-connected disabilities are rated less  than 100 percent and it would enable these spouses to retain priority  status for obtaining contracts for up to three years.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5044 protects widows and widowers from any major  disruptions to their businesses during one of the most difficult times  in their lives, the passing of a loved one who bravely served our  country.   Mr. Speaker, our veterans bravely put their lives on the line to  defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe. For those who end up  making the ultimate sacrifice for our nation, it is crucial that we  honor their sacrifice any way we can by honoring the widows and  widowers.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5540 to show their  gratitude for the sacrifices made by our service men and women, and to  maintain the livelihood of their spouses.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4451,  Homeless Veterans' Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2017.   H.R. 4451 proposes an amendment to Title 38 of the United States Code  to provide for a five-year extension to homeless veterans reintegration  programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for  services under such programs.   This bill includes the reauthorization of reintegration programs  among those for whom job training, counseling, and placement services  are to be provided to expedite their reintegration into the labor  force.   These services provided to homeless veterans include the VA supported  housing program, assistance under the Native American Housing  Assistance and Self Determination Act of 1996, transitioning from being  incarcerated, and participating in the VA's rapid re-housing and  homelessness prevention program.   Mr. Speaker, our United States veterans bravely put their lives on  the line to defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe.   Without the brave efforts of all the soldiers, sailors, airmen,  marines and Coast Guardsmen and women and their families, our country  would not live so freely.   Homelessness among the American veteran population is on the rise in  the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to those who  have given so much to us.   We as a nation have a responsibility to our veterans to provide  programs that aid in their reintegration back into the labor force.   Nearly 230,000 veterans and their families have been able to come  back from homeless and find permanent homes since 2010.   By passing H.R. 4451, homeless veterans will receive assistance to  enhance their quality of life and community integration.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 4451.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4334,  the Improving Oversight of Women Veterans' Care Act of 2017.   H.R. 4334 provides for certain reporting requirements relating to  medical care for women veterans provided by the Department of Veterans  Affairs and through contracts entered into by the Secretary of Veterans  Affairs with non-Department medical providers.   By passing this bill ensuring these requirements, we are ensuring  equitable attention to health care for veteran men and women.   Such requirements include an annual report to Congress on veteran  access to covered sex-specific services such as mammography, maternity  care, and gynecological care under community care contracts.   Our United States veterans bravely put their lives on the line to  defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe.   I want to thank all of our armed serviceman and women for their  selfless dedication to our nation.   The debt that we owe to them is immeasurable because their  sacrifices, and those of their families, are our freedom's foundation.   Mr. Speaker, of the nation's 21.6 million brave veterans, more than 2  million are women.   Further, 20 percent of veterans who have served on active duty since  September 2001 are women.  [[Page H4267]]    Male and female veterans alike deserve access to health care, and  this bill will ensure that discrepancies in care among male and female  veterans can be identified and addressed.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 4334.   