 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, allow me to try and explain exactly what is happening  with this proposal by my chairman, Mr. Hensarling. Mr. Hensarling came  to me and indicated that he wanted to add language to the  reauthorization, the short-term reauthorization of the flood insurance  program.   I explained to him that I had an agreement with Mr. Scalise, and our  agreement was that this would be a short-term reauthorization that was  clean; that it would be added to the continuing resolution; and that we  would see to it that the flood insurance program would not lapse.   So Mr. Hensarling went to Mr. Scalise and Mr. Scalise agreed to it  and, because he agreed to it, Mr. Hensarling moved forward.   Following that, staff members pointed out that if the language is  added that Mr. Hensarling would like to add, it was going to create a  problem. It was going to create a confrontation; that we would endanger  the ability to have short-term reauthorization and, if we do that,  homeowners are going to be disadvantaged because they would not have  access to the insurance that they need to satisfy the mortgages that  they were trying to get.   So we have had a long discussion and a long debate about what the  Senate is going to do and, of course, our understanding now is that the  Senate will not support the language that is going to be put in that is  headed by Mr. Hensarling; and this was going to endanger the ability  for us to get the short-term reauthorization.   So, given all of that, and understanding all of that, yes, I made an  agreement with Mr. Hensarling that, if Mr. Scalise agreed, that I would  agree, but I want--and I have said to Mr. Hensarling, as we had a long  discussion on the floor with some of the leadership, et cetera, that  one of the things we want is, we want this short-term reauthorization  until May, until we can get to work on long-term reauthorization for  the National Flood Insurance Program.   Yes, Mr. Hensarling is correct that we do have the possibility now  for private insurers who write insurance for the national flood  insurance, to do both, to be able to write insurance. But we do know  that even if they are able to do it now, we are not saying that we  should do anything to codify that in existing law. They are saying you  should not do anything to codify that in existing law, simply because  it endangers the ability for the support for the National Flood  Insurance Program to be reauthorized through the short-term.   So it is complicated and it presents a dilemma for everybody. But in  the final analysis, no matter what, the real question becomes: Is it  important for a short-term reauthorization of the national flood  insurance; or do we allow it to get caught up in these agreements so  that we don't have it, and then the real estate market is going to go  crazy; homeowners who are trying to purchase insurance, because they  can't get a mortgage without it, all of this will be absolutely  undermined. And that is the essence of what is going on.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I think that what Mr. Scalise said is the significant  question about this issue, and that is: What do we do today to make  sure that we have short-term reauthorization?   If we have thoughts other than that, are we reexamining those  thoughts in any way, or do we understand the danger that may be imposed  upon our ability to get short-term reauthorization with any efforts  that we are making to codify or place into law the ability for private  insurers to participate in the program, along with the way that they  participate for the National Flood Insurance Program?   I think the significant question is what Mr. Scalise has said: Will  we be able to support short-term reauthorization with whatever we do  today? That becomes the question.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of this legislation, S. 3628,  and the gentleman, Tom MacArthur, is absolutely correct. We have to do  a short-term reauthorization. And because of the previous vote, some  people are a little bit confused, but they do not have to worry.   The previous bill that we voted on was one where Chairman Hensarling  was attempting to add some language. That failed. So now we have a  clean bill before us with one little correction in it, and I would  simply ask for an ``aye'' vote so that we can get on with ensuring we  have short-term reauthorization.   And I am pleased to say that we have the support on both sides of the  aisle to begin to work on a long-term reauthorization, and I think we  are going to have good agreement on that. So I would simply ask for an  ``aye'' vote today and get this out of the way so that we can move on.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Tom MacArthur is absolutely correct. I ask for an  ``aye'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   