 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman  for yielding and for hosting this Special Order on this important  issue.   Every single day, we ask the men and women who serve our Nation in  uniform to make incredible sacrifices on behalf of our Nation, and they  never fail to deliver for us.   These brave Americans and their families know the true meaning of  service, but that service often comes at a price. Our men and women in  uniform, our veterans, cannot be cast aside once they have returned  home. The prevalence of suicide among servicemembers and veterans is a  stain on our collective conscience.   Servicemembers throughout the history of our country have had  harrowing experiences in their service to defend this country and  protect our way of life.   But it has only been recently that the scope of the trauma of war has  been truly understood. Since the time of Abraham Lincoln, we, as a  country, have made a solemn vow to care for those who have borne the  battle, a vow that has made caring for veterans one of the few  bipartisan issues in this era of divisiveness in Washington.   Today, we must ensure that our solemn promise to veterans extends to  effective mental healthcare. No veteran should ever have to wait for  this type of care, which can be just as crucial for recovery as  physical health services.   My father, Malcolm McLane, flew fighter planes during World War II.  He was shot down in the Battle of the Bulge, and spent 6 months in a  German POW camp. When I was a child, he rarely spoke about his  experiences during the war, but now, in hindsight, I believe that he  was experiencing what we now know to be PTSD.   We understand so much more today about the brain and the impact of  trauma that so many of our servicemembers endure, and it is critical  that the VA and our society use that knowledge to improve care for  veterans when they return home.   We must ensure that the unseen wounds of war receive the attention  they deserve. Many of us today voted to fund veterans' mental health  and suicide prevention programs. And while it is commendable that  Congress is taking important steps to address this issue, much more  needs to be done to ensure that no veteran is left behind.   As a member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I fight for the men  and women who fight for us. During National Suicide Awareness  Prevention Month, we should all pledge to work together to ensure that  no veteran ever has trouble accessing the mental health services that  he or she needs and deserves.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Arizona, Kyrsten  Sinema, for her commitment to this issue. She was very effective in the  testimony that she brought to the Veterans' Affairs Committee, and I  appreciate her perseverance.   