 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment to the fiscal  year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill will fund the first-ever study of  a subject the Department of Defense has identified as ``one of the most  significant barriers to sexual assaults being reported.''   The amendment carries with it bipartisan support, and I would like to  thank Republican Representative Mia Love and Democratic Congresswoman  Jackie Speier for joining me in cosponsoring this amendment, because  they recognize its importance.   For far too long, servicemembers have survived sexual assaults only  to suffer in silence. They have refused to bring their assailants to  justice and receive medical attention not because they fear their  attacker, but, rather, they fear a military policy which requires that  their commanders punish them for minor violations. These transgressions  are brought to light during the investigation of their assault.  Consequently, many survivors decide against reporting their attacks and  bringing their assailants to justice.  [[Page H5794]]    A RAND survey of military members who survive sexual assaults but  refuse to report the attacks found that 22 percent feared being  punished for collateral misconduct. The list of survivors who have had  their military careers ruined because they demanded justice is also  lengthy, but the only facts I can offer you are a survey and anecdotal  evidence.   Not a single branch of the military systematically tracks this  collateral misconduct. Our only previous effort to examine an aspect of  the subject came in 2016. The FY 2017 NDAA, which passed with  bipartisan support, directed the Pentagon's inspector general to review  the cases of survivors who were separated from the service after  reporting their assaults.   The IG reported 22 percent of these survivors couldn't have their  cases reviewed because their military records had gone missing.  Moreover, 67 percent of the records were incomplete.   This funding will support a first-ever study to be conducted by the  Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense  of Sexual Assault in the Armed Services, otherwise known as DAC-IPAD.  That study was introduced by my bill required by the fiscal year 2019  NDAA, which the House passed earlier this year. The funds would pay for  the lawyers needed to fund a long-overdue, in-depth, and independent  review of collateral misconduct.   We know that collateral misconduct is an issue, but we need to know  just how pervasive it is and gather information on when and how it  manifests to empower our commanders to, hopefully, solve this problem.  We owe it to our men and women in uniform to study and review  collateral misconduct.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of  my time.   