 Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for  yielding, and certainly, let me thank my good friend from North  Carolina.   I think the Nation should understand that we have these stark  political differences. We have these stark legal differences. But there  is nothing that can undermine the rule of law and the truth.  [[Page H5829]]    My good friend who just spoke earlier wants to go to the extreme of  holding the Nation's professional law enforcement officers in contempt  for doing their job. What I hold in my hand is from the Office of  Inspector General, U.S. Department of Justice, issued in June 2018.  Besides these pages, Mr. Speaker, there are eons and eons of documents.    Right now, in the Judiciary Committee, Deputy Attorney General  Rosenstein is there voluntarily. We have Director Wray there. Even if  there was a subpoena, they have come. Both of them indicated that they  canceled important trips to be here before the United States Congress.   I asked in that hearing: What was the reason for the emergency  hearing? What was the good cause? And I don't know if my colleagues  heard it. I could not decipher any good cause of why we are now thrown  into this hearing room.   The reason I say that, which speaks to this particular resolution, is  the fact that we have had now, under the Presidency of Mr. Trump,  almost 2 years, and the Judiciary Committee has not answered one single  inquiry offered by the Democrats. We have not had one legitimate  hearing on the Russian collusion to have violated and made vile the  2016 election.   I do not speak to the results. I speak to the impact on the integrity  of the election by the American people. We have not had one hearing.   Now we are in a rush to continue to reinvestigate and reinvestigate  the findings of the inspector general and the investigators who  indicated that they investigated this and, in essence, found no  criminal behavior; that this is Secretary Clinton's email.   I think it is public knowledge that the item that she was being  looked at for was the misuse of classified data. Minimal, at best. We  don't want that to happen. She did not want it to happen. But she was  cleared of any criminal intent or criminal actions by people that we  would normally trust.   I believe in oversight. I don't want scandals at the Department of  Justice. I want the Civil Rights Division to work well. Maybe somebody  should ask the question why the Civil Rights Division is understaffed  and barely working. Maybe somebody should ask the question why the  Trump administration switched from being supportive of anti-voter ID  laws that were discriminatory but did not.   So this resolution is redundant. It goes in the face of those who are  already performing.    Mr. Speaker, it goes in the face of those who are  already performing.   Mr. Speaker, the Department of Justice has already produced about  850,000 documents at the request of this group of folk from Oversight  and Judiciary. They are complying.   Why are we on the floor taking a hammer to a flea? That is  unnecessary. Why are we not in the Judiciary Committee, probing the  individuals who are now appearing?   I want the American people to understand this is a resolution that  has nothing to do with the crux of protecting the November 18, 2018,  elections, and it has nothing to do with reality. We have finished our  work, and we need to go on to protecting the United States of America  against bogus elections.   I feel like Yogi Berra--I have deja vu all over again.   In just the last week or so, we have had three hearings related to  the actions of the Department of Justice and the FBI in the run-up to  the 2016 election.   Over the course of that last week or so, the country has watched as  thousands of children have been separated from their parents.   The Supreme Court has seen the resignation of the Court's swing vote.   On Tuesday, the Supreme Court thought it wise to uphold a travel ban  on nationals from Muslim majority countries.   And yesterday, the Supreme court gutted the labor rights of public  sector employees.   With all of these pressing issues for this august body to determine,  what are we talking about?   We're talking about Hillary Clinton's Emails.   Why are we talking about Hillary Clinton's emails?   We're here because one week after the Intelligence community briefed  then president-elect Trump, that the Russians had interfered with the  election to hurt Hillary Clinton and help Donald Trump.   At best, the timing of the announcement was done to draw a false  equivalence between the actions of career law enforcement in  investigating the Clinton email server and what would later become the  Special Counsel's investigation; at worst, it suggests using the levers  of law enforcement for political ends.   We are here well after the fact that the Special Counsel  investigating Russia's attempts to meddle in the 2016 election and the  extent to which associates of the Trump Campaign were complicit in this  endeavor. The Special Counsel has already secured 23 indictments  against companies and individuals, some of whom are Americans.   This includes the President's campaign manager, who is currently  sitting in jail awaiting charges in two judicial districts.   This is after the Special Counsel has secured guilty pleas, including  from:   The President's National Security Advisor;   A lawyer with ties to the President's former campaign manager;   The President's former Foreign Policy Advisor; and   The President's former deputy campaign manager.   All the while, while the Special Counsel was doing this report, the  House GOP was salivating for this report to be released.   And then the OIG promulgated the report.   And after the OIG promulgated that report, the House GOP was  disappointed, because they did not like what the independent  investigation found: that the decisions by the DOJ and the FBI in the  days and preceding the 2016 were not tainted by political bias.   Because the OIG's report does not conform with the House's GOP  narrative, the House GOP has to muddy the waters, even if that means  interfering with an active counterintelligence investigation.   But, before this tea party resolution, let's just recall what has the  House Freedom Caucus so upset.   And now, they want information that is at the heart of an active  counterintelligence criminal investigation.   And in an effort to aid their allies in the White House, the House  GOP has gone to extraordinary effort to alchemize its oversight  responsibilities into a line of information to the White House.   While this has happened over the year, the OIG has been preparing its  report--and it was released earlier this month.   The OIG Report concludes that while former Federal Bureau of  Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey was insubordinate in the  manner and content of his decision not to prosecute Hillary Clinton in  her use of a private server, the decision was not done with political  bias.   This conclusion definitely reignited strong emotions, but a clear eye  focused on all operative facts supports the inference that the actions  taken by federal law enforcement, out of an abundance of caution, had  the effect of conferring significant advantage on the Trump Campaign.   I am a strong supporter of law enforcement.   They do a tough job under difficult circumstances.   This was no less true in the weeks and months preceding the 2016  election.   The confluence of facts and the public statements of then-candidate  Trump likely complicated law enforcement's difficult job.   ``From the outset, nothing in this report calls into question or  undermines the Special Counsel's investigation into Russian  interference into the 2016 election and whether and to what extent this  endeavor was aided by associates of the Trump Campaign.   Next, while the OIG report released today concludes that former FBI  Director Comey was insubordinate in the breadth and depth of his July  2016 press conference declining prosecution of Secretary Clinton, the  decision was not done for political purposes or colored with political  bias.   ``Third, any suggestion that the actions of law enforcement in the  second half of 2016 were done to support the Hillary Clinton Campaign  to the detriment of the Trump Campaign is belied by the fact that both  the decision to editorialize the declination of prosecution in July  2016 and the decision to reopen the Clinton email investigation in  October 2016, eleven days before the election, revealed a double  standard favorable to Trump and prejudicial to Clinton.   This is because that while the country was debating Secretary  Clinton's judgment in setting up a private server for her emails,  associates of the Trump Campaign were engaging in questionable--and  possibly criminal--behavior with agents of the Russian government.   This disjunction undoubtedly benefitted Trump, however  unquantifiably.   ``Fourth, while the president may tout this report as supportive of  his decision to terminate Comey from his position as FBI Director,  [[Page H5830]]  nothing in this report changes two facts: first, after the FBI reopened  the investigation into the Clinton email issue in the waning days of  the 2016 campaign, then-candidate Trump applauded Comey's announcement.   Given his tact at the time, and his change of heart now and his  reasons for doing so, only one conclusion is supportable: that Trump's  concern after the election for Comey's decision is more disingenuous  than not.   Moreover, to the extent that the president tries to claim that his  reasons for firing Comey were consistent with the findings of the OIG  report, the president revealed his true motives for firing Comey in an  interview with Lester Holt: that it was done because of the Russia  investigation.   