 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4712, the  latest attempt by House Republicans to come between physicians and  their patients.   H.R. 4712 amends the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of 2002 (P.L.  No: 107-207) which I voted for because it codified current law.  Unfortunately, H.R. 4712 amends the bipartisan Born-Alive Infants  Protection Act, injecting partisan politics into the healthcare  decisions of women and their physicians.   H.R. 4712 would overrule medical professionals by forcing that a  newborn infant be transported to a hospital regardless of whether that  would be best for the infant's health. Not only is this a dangerous  intrusion into the medical decision-making of doctors, but it also may  endanger infant health. Even if it is in the best interest of the  infant's health, if a doctor violates this law's mandate, automatic  criminal penalties of prison time, crippling fines, or both would be  applied to that medical professional.   Although supporters of this bill claim that their intentions are only  to protect newborn infants from medical negligence, the true objectives  of this legislation are clear: spread misinformation about women's  reproductive health and to dissuade medical professionals from entering  the practice of abortion services.   This legislation is unnecessary. Today, abortion practice is safe,  legal, and highly regulated to ensure that the best possible care is  provided to a woman. Existing law ensures that medical professionals  meet these standards. Let me be clear, an individual who performs  illegal abortion services should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of  the law. I join all Members of Congress and all Americans in opposition  to the horrific actions of Dr. Kermit Gosnell. There is no dispute that  Dr. Gosnell deserved to be prosecuted, found guilty, and face the  multiple life sentences that he is now serving due to the laws already  in place in Pennsylvania and throughout the nation.   Unfortunately, H.R. 4712 is yet another assault by the Trump  Administration and Congressional Republicans on women's reproductive  health. Congress' most basic responsibility is funding the government  and today we are facing a government shutdown. I urge my Republican  colleagues to stop playing politics with women's health and get back to  addressing the urgent needs of the American people like keeping the  government open.   I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 4712.   