 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the  Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. This  bill recognizes the critical work that every member of the intelligence  community performs to protect our Nation: first, by enhancing resources  and authorities for our highest priority intelligence initiatives, and  secondly, by enforcing and reinforcing the principles of good  governance, transparency, and accountability to the American people.   Mr. Chairman, I am a strong advocate for transparency, which is a  challenge for the intelligence community because of the need to protect  sensitive sources and equities, but a challenge that can be met. One  groundbreaking example is the unclassified January 2017 intelligence  community assessment that notified Americans about the Russian attack  on our democracy in the 2016 election.   This bill directs the intelligence community to continue public  awareness reporting related to election security because the threat  from Russia is still ongoing.   As a ranking member on the HPSCI Subcommittee on Department of  Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture for the last 3 years,  one of my priorities is to ensure that the United States achieves and  maintains a leadership position in next-generation technologies,  especially in space.   Space is an emerging battleground, so it is imperative for our  national security that America maintains a strategic advantage in space  as well as we do on the ground and at sea. Over the last year, the  subcommittee has continued our dialogue with the intelligence community  about its accomplishments, but also the challenges it faces and the  resources it needs to meet these challenges.   I am pleased to report that this bill includes provisions that  strengthen our Nation's access and resilience in space by investing in  next-generation technologies and assets.   Mr. Chairman, I am also a strong believer that the success of our  Nation's intelligence operation hinges on our most important asset: our  people. As our intelligence missions and objectives continue to evolve,  we will undoubtedly require a more diverse workforce in the  intelligence community to meet our needs. We must work together to  build and promote an intelligence community that is truly  representative of the rich diversity and inclusive society that makes  our Nation great.   In order to more effectively address these emerging and ongoing  threats, we need an agile workforce with a wide range of backgrounds,  experiences, skill sets, and talents. For that reason, Congress has  invested in American universities and colleges to provide all students  with the skills that they need to serve in our intelligence community.   As smart investors, we want to see that the investment is  accomplishing the objectives and encouraging qualified graduates to  apply to join the intelligence community. This bill directs the  Director of National Intelligence to take a more active role in  ensuring that one program, in particular, the Intelligence Community  Centers for Academic Excellence, achieves that objective of diversity.   I also strongly support the Hastings amendment that directs the  intelligence community to intensify recruitment outreach at every  corner of our Nation. Encouraging geographical diversity in the  intelligence community will naturally also enhance racial, gender,  cultural, and economic diversity.   I want to see that every interested student, whether in a big city or  a small town, is aware of the career opportunities in the intelligence  community. It is a path that is most important.    Mr. Chair, in conclusion, I believe for these  reasons and others that my colleagues should support this bill.   