 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment increases funding by $5 million  for the Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and  Renewable Energy for the purposes of offshore wind job training grants.   The amendment is paid for by using an equal offset from the  Department's administration accounts.   According to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, our Nation's  offshore wind energy potential is nearly double our total electricity  need. It is also an energy resource available to nearly every coastline  in the country, including the Great Lakes.   Offshore wind is broadly recognized as our Nation's next great energy  resource, one that has the potential to create tens of thousands of new  jobs in manufacturing, logistics, engineering, construction, and long- term operations and maintenance of these projects.   This potential has been acknowledged by the Trump administration.  Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke recently spoke at an offshore wind  energy conference and said that offshore wind has more growth potential  than any other energy resource.   In fact, he also published an op-ed in The Boston Globe in April  underscoring the importance of offshore wind to the Trump  administration's all-of-the-above energy strategy and announced two new  proposed lease sales in Massachusetts for commercial wind development.   As he said in the op-ed--and we have it printed right here: ``The  Trump administration supports an all-of-the-above American energy  policy, and wind energy is an important part of the energy mix. Just  like the pioneers who drilled our Nation's first offshore wells in the  1890s, those men and women who construct wind turbines in American  waters in the years to come will continue to set our Nation toward  clean energy dominance.''   To realize the full potential of our Nation's offshore wind  resources, we must make sure that a cadre of American workers are fully  trained and ready to pave the way for growth and innovation in this  rapidly growing industry. This amendment makes a modest investment  toward this goal by specifically appropriating $5 million for offshore  wind job training grants at the Department of Energy.   Workforce development and education is one of several focus areas at  the Wind Energy Technologies Office, and grants funded by this  amendment would help develop curricula, apprenticeships, health and  safety certification programs, and other activities that help workers  transition to the offshore wind industry.   The Trump administration recently announced similar workforce  training grants for solar through DOE's Solar Energy Technologies  Office, and we should be doing the same for offshore wind workforce  development through DOE's Wind Energy Technologies Office.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support American energy jobs by  voting ``yes'' on this amendment.   And I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, this amendment really is a very modest  investment in our Nation's workforce and, therefore, worthy of  increased funding devoted to this purpose.   We can't just be investing in energy technologies; we need to be  investing in our people who will bring these technologies out of the  lab and into our homes and businesses.   Offshore wind has the potential to create tens of thousands of jobs  and make the United States a global industry leader.   The gentleman referenced some increases, but, even with this  amendment, funding for the Wind Energy Technologies Office is still  below last year's level.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms.  Kaptur), the ranking member.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 15 seconds to my colleague from  Massachusetts (Mr. Keating).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   