 Mr. President, today I rise to pay tribute to someone  who has made a really big impression from the day she set foot in the  Senate.   It might be her infectious laugh; I dare you not to smile when you  hear it. It might be her hugs, which I know many of my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle will miss. Or it might be her ever-present iced  coffee, no matter how cold it is outside. I might be biased, but I  think it is the hair.   Saying goodbye to Senator Heidi Heitkamp is hard for many of us,  especially the members of the Senate Redhead Caucus. After all, we are  losing a third of our membership.   In all seriousness, I will miss Heidi, and I know I am not alone. I  have had the chance to get to know her from the very beginning, back  when she was first running for the Senate. I campaigned with her in  North Dakota, and the thing that really struck me was her passion for  the people of her State and for agriculture.   We have had the opportunity to work closely together during our time  on the Agriculture Committee and especially as members of the farm bill  conference committee. I can tell you that Heidi has been instrumental  in getting this deal done and in making sure that North Dakota's  farmers and ranchers are well-represented.   Thanks to Heidi, we have taken huge steps forward in trade with Cuba;  it is her language in the farm bill.   She wasn't afraid to go her own way in order to stand up for North  Dakota. Even when we didn't agree on issues like conservation  easements, Heidi fought for her farmers and got it done.   I would like to think her passion comes from her red hair, but in  reality, I think it is her oversized heart. Whether she was listening  to the struggles of women farmers during our women's agriculture CODEL  in Africa, or shining a light on the epidemic of missing and murdered  Native American women, or sharing her own story of surviving breast  cancer and the need to protect people with preexisting conditions, in a  city where spreadsheets rule, Heidi threw her heart into this job, and  her State and our Nation are better for it.   Heidi, thank you for your friendship, your leadership, and for  putting your whole heart into fighting for North Dakota.   I join my great friend Senator Roberts, first of all, in indicating  what a huge difference you have made on the Agriculture Committee. From  the day you walked in, you hit the ground running and have made an  incredible difference.   As you were talking today about some parts--and we could go through  every single chapter--you made a difference. The Tribal provisions are  in there. But you mentioned Cuba, and this is very historic. It took  work on the Senate floor to be able to move it through. It took work  for us in the conference committee. It is because of you that it is in  there and opportunities for farmers are in there.   I also greatly appreciate that when we had differences--like  conservation and easements--you pushed hard and were successful in  getting changes for North Dakota that needed to happen. It was you who  did that. Others took credit, but you did that.   When I think about our traveling together to Africa and think about  the impact you have had on women and children--whether it is Native  women and children, whether it was what we were doing overseas, whether  it was what you have done every day for all of our children--I am so  grateful.   Most importantly, I am grateful for your friendship. I am going to  miss you greatly. I wish you Godspeed while you determine the future. I  know it will be bright, and hopefully in some way we will all be  benefiting from it.   God bless you.    Mr. President, I wish to lend my voice and talk for a  moment about a very special friend, Senator Joe Donnelly.   One of the things we know about the Midwest and Great Lakes is that  we do care about our neighbors. Someone with a really good snowblower  might clean off his neighbor's driveway, too, since he was out there  anyway. That reminds me of Joe Donnelly.   We know that Joe is the senior Senator from Indiana. It is a  wonderful neighboring State. We may compete now and again, but I have  been so grateful to be Senator Donnelly's neighbor and his friend.   Over the past 6 years, I have had the good fortune to partner with  Senator Donnelly on many issues that affect our States and the country.   We are both passionate about fighting for workers and stopping the  exporting of American jobs. We want to export our products, not our  jobs. Joe has been at the front of the line fighting for American  workers.   Making things and growing things--that is what Michigan does, that is  what Indiana does, that is what we are all about, and Joe has been at  the front of the line to make sure that jobs are there making things  and growing things.   We have had the opportunity to work together on the Senate  Agriculture Committee, and in just a moment, we are going to hopefully  be passing a 5-year farm bill. Joe has been an important voice in that.  It is something that we relish because, as a committee, we work  together on a bipartisan basis and get things done. Senator Donnelly  has been a very important part of that, including getting important  wins for Indiana. It includes his legislation that targets the opioid  crisis by expanding USDA rural development investments in community  treatment facilities and telemedicine--no small thing.   That will save lives. It provides peace of mind for farmers to use  crops and participate in crop insurance. It creates a broadband grant  program, which will connect underserved communities. As Senators from  the Great Lakes States, we have fought together to protect our water-- our most precious resource.   I will never forget the event Senator Donnelly and I did to celebrate  the Regional Conservation Partnership Program when we announced nearly  $14 million in public and private investment improving water quality  and wildlife and fish habitat in the St. Joseph watershed--a watershed  that we share. We held that at Pier 33 in St. Joseph, MI, just up the  road from South Bend. If you have ever been to Pier 33, you have  probably seen their showroom and the amazing collection of beautiful  boats. In fact, I am not sure ``boats'' is the word for these amazing  boats. I know Senator Donnelly was impressed, as was I. After the press  conference, I asked him how he thought it went, and he said it was  good, but he was disappointed that he wasn't going to get to take home  one of the boats. I shared that as well.   If you ask anyone in the Senate, they are likely to say the same  thing: Senator Joe Donnelly--Joe--is one of the nicest guys you will  ever meet.   He is also very funny. Both of those qualities have made him a real  joy to work with. I know I speak for everyone on both sides of the  aisle; he will be missed.   Senator Donnelly--Joe, thank you for your hard work, your leadership.  Thank you for being a wonderful and great neighbor. Let me know the  next time you are up North, and we will grab lunch and check out some  of those boats.    Mr. President, I want to first thank our majority  leader and the Democratic leader for their support in bringing this  bill to the Senate floor for consideration. Thanks to all of our  Agriculture Committee members, including the Presiding Officer and  conferees on both sides of the aisle, for working to put this  bipartisan farm bill together. Most importantly, I want to thank our  distinguished chairman of the committee--my partner, my friend--for  working so hard.   We have worked together from the very beginning. We promised each  other we would deliver a strong, bipartisan farm bill. Despite many  obstacles along the way, we kept that promise.   The final farm bill reflects a hard-fought bipartisan agreement on a  5-year bill to strengthen the diversity of American agriculture and the  16 million jobs it supports. We know something about that in Michigan,  where agriculture and the food industry support one out of four jobs.  That is a lot of jobs. We also grow a wider variety of crops than any  other State but one--a small State called California.   Now more than ever, we need to be broadening the diversity of  American agriculture, and that is exactly what the farm bill does. Our  farm bill continues to support the wide variety of farms all across  America--big farms, small farms, ranchers, urban, rural. We provide new  permanent support to keep this progress going, which I think is really  important.   We invest in the bright future of agriculture by helping new and  beginning farmers, including young people and our returning veterans,  who are playing a greater role in agriculture in Michigan, as well as  across the country.   New investments in international trade promotion will help farmers  sell their products abroad. This couldn't come at a more important  time. Streamlined, permanent support for farmers markets, food hubs,  and local food processing will help our farmers sell their products to  their neighbors. We need to sell around the world, and we need to be  able to sell in our own communities.   By protecting and expanding crop insurance and improving support for  our dairy farmers--in fact, strengthening the support for our dairy  farmers, who were hit so hard with price drops and other issues--we  maintain a strong safety net for farmers. Importantly, we maintain a  strong safety net for our families.   We said no to harmful changes that would take away food from  families. Instead, we will increase program integrity and job training  to be able to make sure that things are working as they should and that  every dollar is used as it should be. Instead, we will connect  participants with healthy food through strong investments in farmers  markets and nutrition incentives.   This bill also continues the farm bill's legacy as one of the largest  investments in our land and our water. It is so important to Michigan.  By focusing on successful conservation partnerships, we will actually  grow funding by leveraging nearly $3 billion in new private investment  over the next decade.   This bill also supports our small towns and rural communities, such  as Clare, where I grew up. New investments in high-speed internet will  support communities most in need. There are new opioid treatment  resources to help those struggling with addiction.   The bill also helps ensure that small town water systems are  providing clean and reliable tapwater. All of these things create  opportunities for young people to stay in their homes and their  hometowns and raise their families, which is what we want. That is what  this bill is all about--growing opportunity.   I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bill. I want to  thank all of my incredibly talented staff for their hard work, as well  as the chairman's staff. I know we will have another opportunity to  speak more at length about the provisions of the 12 titles of the farm  bill and be able to speak more about the hard work of our staff, but  today we are ready for a vote, to be able to get this done so that we  can send it to the House for their support, as well, and then on to the  President.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Riya Mehta,  a fellow, and Lindsay White, a detailee, on the minority staff on the  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee be granted floor  privileges for the duration of the Congress.   