 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   I, too, join my colleagues in commending Ranking Member Lowey and  Chairman Frelinghuysen for their stewardship of the appropriations  process in the House. We are moving in the right direction. We have  partial regular order, and, hopefully, with every passing fiscal year,  it will get better and better. But, truly, it is an accomplishment.   I also want to commend Subcommittee Chairwoman Granger and Ranking  Member Visclosky for producing a Defense Appropriations bill that  provides the resources necessary for our armed services to perform the  critical role of securing our Nation.   Additionally, I thank Subcommittee Ranking Member DeLauro and  Chairman Cole, my dear friends, for their hard work on the Labor-Health  and Human Services-Education funding bill.   The bill before us funds both the assets our armed services need and  invests in our servicemembers. It provides for a much-needed 2.6  percent increase in military pay.   The bill also includes over $1.4 billion for congressionally directed  medical research programs, including $130 million for breast cancer  research, a personal issue to me.   I am proud to say this bill retains my language protecting access to  lifesaving mammograms, particularly for women between 40 and 50 years  old, and provides $5 million for my ongoing initiative, the Breast  Cancer Education and Awareness Requires Learning Young Act, or the  EARLY Act, which will continue to help increase the quality and  quantity of life for young women with breast cancer.   The bill increases funding for the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention by $125 million and funds programs that fight the spread of  the Zika virus, as well as combats the use of tobacco.   It also provides vital funding that will benefit seniors, and it  includes $5 million to help Holocaust survivors and their families.   Mr. Speaker, I represent one of the largest Holocaust survivor  populations in the United States, and with every passing day, they are  getting extremely elderly, and we are losing more and more of them each  and every day. Honoring them and allowing them to live with dignity in  the last years of their lives is critical.   I would be remiss if I didn't mention that this bill will help us  shine a light on an inhumane family separation policy perpetrated by  this administration. This legislation--and I very much appreciate  this--includes my amendment to allow Members of Congress immediate  access to immigration detention centers. We must remain committed to  seeking justice for families that have been needlessly torn apart at  our borders.   The administration, actually, repeatedly stopped Members of Congress  from being able to immediately access these detention centers to  conduct our proper oversight role, and this amendment, when it is  signed into law by the President, will allow us to conduct that  oversight as a coequal branch of our government.   Mr. Speaker, more importantly, before yielding back, I just want to  take a moment to thank Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen. It has really  been an honor to serve with this gentleman, in the truest sense of the  word. He has done a remarkable job serving his constituents. It has  been fun being a member of the Appropriations Committee both while he  was a chairman, a ranking member, and now the chairman of the full  committee. We will miss him, and I know his constituents will miss his  service.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this appropriations bill.   