 Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  speak about the Coast Guard reauthorization legislation that just  passed the Senate today. I thank my colleagues for all of their hard  work on this important measure that literally has taken years to piece  together. I thank Chairman Thune and Ranking Member Nelson for working  on this legislation and for incorporating many of the things that the  people of Washington were interested in seeing as part of this  comprehensive bill. I certainly want to thank Senator Carper and the  EPW staff for working on major provisions of this bill relating to  ballast water and the solutions they put forward. This bill includes  many provisions important to our Coast Guard, our environment, and to  our shipbuilding community. It represents a true bipartisan effort to  find solutions and to put those solutions into action.   Our State of Washington is rich in its maritime heritage. The Coast  Guard is a large part of that. With so much coastline, and so many  rivers and streams, the Coast Guard is so important. Our State is home  to fishermen, shipbuilders, Tribes, trade operators, and a thriving  tourism economy. So for places from Cape Disappointment and  [[Page S6943]]  Grays Harbor to Neah Bay and all the way up the Columbia River, our  Washington State Coast Guard works tirelessly to protect the Northwest  and our environment.   In our State, there are more than 2,000 Active-Duty coasties, 440  reservists, 192 civilian employees, and an impressive 869 volunteer  auxiliary members in the Coast Guard.   The Coast Guard plays an important role in the safety and oversight  of our fisheries. Thousands of Pacific Northwest fishermen call  Washington State home, and over 35,000 Washington State jobs are  supported by the Alaska fisheries.   While we usually talk about big assets here on the floor, like  icebreakers and national security cutters, Washington State is also  home to heavy surf stations that serve in some of the most extreme  conditions that people have to operate under.   This bipartisan Coast Guard legislation has many provisions that I  would like to talk about this afternoon. I want to again thank my  colleagues for their great bipartisan work on this legislation.   This legislation has many different solutions for many of the  challenges our agencies face. I want to again thank Senator Thune for  working across the aisle on the various Coast Guard provisions that are  included in this bill, and I want to thank Senator Sullivan for helping  to cosponsor the authorization of the recapitalization of the Coast  Guard heavy polar icebreaker, the Polar Star. The Polar Star is home- ported in Seattle and is our only operational heavy icebreaker, crucial  for Arctic operations.   The language that we just passed improves the oversight of ships that  pose an oil spill risk in Puget Sound. This is so important for us  moving forward to have these types of assets in these critical waters.   This bill also includes language to strengthen the Coast Guard's  family leave policies, as they moved forward to meet other branches in  adding paid family leave. The legislation included language that helps  to improve the flexibility of that paid family leave for various parts  of our State that are most hard to serve.   The Coast Guard families should not be forced to choose between  serving their country and supporting their families, and I so  appreciate the incorporation of this language into this legislation.   This bipartisan deal also helps to protect good shipbuilding jobs at  Dakota Creek Shipyard. I am a very strong supporter of the Jones Act,  and I believe it is important that we continue to have the Jones Act in  the future. I am proud that we were able to work together to find a  solution to save good jobs at the Dakota Creek Shipyard, and I  appreciate my colleagues working on the incorporation of that language.   This legislation also included a critical compromise to address the  threat of invasive species and the threat they pose to our waterways in  many different parts of the United States. We worked hard on this  solution, consulting with the State of Washington, and believe that  this version, which does create regulatory certainty for maritime  operators but does so while still protecting our environment, is  critical.   The bill allows the State of Washington, which has a strong history  of protecting our waters from invasive species, to modify the west  coast ballast water management practices, which is very important for  us to protect our waterways for the future. It requires that the most  rigorous scientific standards are used--including the Clean Water Act's  best available technology standard so important to us in the Northwest.  The bill also creates tools for emergency response to invasive species  so they can be stopped before they take a stronghold in our  environment. Lastly, it includes a permanent fishing vessel exemption  for incidental discharges which do not pose a threat to our  environment.    All of these things were part of a very comprehensive Coast Guard  bill that tried to give us the best tools possible to continue to  operate in our coastal areas of the United States, to have the right  resources, to have the right oversight, to have the right assets, and  the right protection of our environment.   Again, I thank our colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working  so diligently to finally get this legislation over the threshold and on  to the President's desk.   The Coast Guard represents such an important maritime piece of our  economy. I hope our colleagues will realize we need to give the Coast  Guard the resources and assets to do their jobs, not just now in this  legislation but moving forward as well.   I also want to thank our Coast Guard fellow, Lieutenant Commander  Michelle Rosenberg, for her time working on this comprehensive  legislation for the last several years.   I, again, thank my colleagues.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   