 Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Carson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4851 establishes the Kennedy-King National  Commemorative Site in Indianapolis to honor the site where Robert F.  Kennedy gave a stirring speech shortly after learning of Dr. Martin  Luther King's assassination. The speech was a moment of unification and  a rallying cry to remain committed to the values of nonviolent  resistance preached by Dr. King.   The location of the speech has become a source of pride and  inspiration for the local community, so much so that they named the  park after Dr. King and developed the Landmark for Peace Memorial to  commemorate Senator Kennedy's moving remarks. Designating the memorial  as a national commemorative site is a fitting tribute and honor to the  legacies of both Dr. King and Senator Kennedy.   I thank Representatives Carson and Brooks and the entire Indiana  delegation for their hard work moving this bill through the legislative  process. I support the adoption of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill expands the boundaries of the Florissant  Fossil Beds National Monument in Colorado to include an additional 300  acres. The expanded boundary will further the monument's  paleontological research objectives and facilitate access for projects  designed to decrease wildfire risk, a critical issue in this forested  region. During our subcommittee hearing on this bill, we heard that the  expansion is broadly supported by the local community and a critical  addition to a monument that was established, thanks to enormous public  interest in preserving a unique natural treasure.   The story of the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument is an  excellent example of the importance of conservation, and it is  encouraging that we can work together in a bipartisan fashion to  further this mission. I want to congratulate Representative Lamborn for  his hard work.   Mr. Speaker, I would just like to encourage the Members to please  support this wonderful bill.  [[Page H1678]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   