 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Strengthening the Health  Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act of 2018. This bipartisan bill  would authorize the Healthcare Fraud Prevention Partnership and expand  and enhance the task force's capabilities to fight waste, fraud, and  abuse throughout our healthcare system. This, in turn, will reduce  costs for families and taxpayers.   The Healthcare Fraud Prevention Partnership is a public-private  partnership between the Department of Health and Human Services,  private payers, Federal and State law enforcement agencies, and State  healthcare agencies. The partnership aims to improve the detection and  prevention of healthcare fraud by promoting the exchange of data and  information between the public and private sectors on fraud trends, as  well as successful anti-fraud practices.    The legislation we are considering today would require the  partnership to report regularly to Congress and give the agency the  tools it needs to enhance and expand its capability. This is a good  bill that makes sense, a bill that will work.   We must continue to work, on a bipartisan basis, to enhance our fraud  detection capabilities. I support this legislation and urge my  colleagues to continue working together to find meaningful solutions to  reduce costs by rooting out fraud, waste, and abuse in our healthcare  system.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I stand proudly in support of H.R. 2422, my bipartisan  Action for Dental Health Act. Since 2013, I have been working with my  colleagues to emphasize the importance of oral health, especially for  America's children and seniors.   Tooth decay is the most common chronic childhood disease, five times  more common than asthma and seven times more common than hay fever.  Furthermore, a child's oral health status is directly tied to their  academic achievement and school attendance. Likewise, poor oral health,  such as toothlessness or tooth decay, are potentially life-threatening  conditions for our grandmothers and grandfathers, and Medicare does not  cover dental health services.   Unfortunately, so many other Americans in between childhood and  elderly adulthood lack access to oral healthcare because of cost or a  lack of dentists in their area.   The Action for Dental Health bill starts to change this by making  oral healthcare more accessible for those in need without new Federal  spending. Once enacted, the Action for Dental Health Act will empower  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to deliver more and  better dental healthcare to underserved populations, especially urban  and rural communities, and increase education about the importance of  oral health. This legislation will strengthen the impact of existing  resources and services.   The goal of the Action for Dental Health Act is to reduce the number  of oral health emergency room visits, which are often costly, not  comprehensive, and only occur at late stages after causing other  negative health effects.   So, in the short and long term, this bill will save money for  patients and taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, the Action for Dental Health Act is cosponsored by 83  Members of Congress and supported by the American Dental Association,  the National Dental Association, the American Dental Education  Association, and 39 other advocacy groups.   The bipartisan companion legislation was introduced in the U.S.  Senate by Senator Cory Booker as S. 3016. When originally debated in  February, it passed this House with 90 percent of Members voting  ``yes.''   I am especially proud to have worked with Congressman Mike Simpson of  Idaho, one of a handful of dentists in Congress. I offer my deepest  thanks to him and his team. I thank him for his steadfast leadership,  expertise, and partnership.   In this time of a deeply divided Congress, I am glad that Congressman  Simpson and I could put forward a bipartisan bill that has won the  support of hundreds of our colleagues and field leaders. I look forward  to working with him on more bipartisan solutions to increase access to  healthcare, especially oral healthcare.   The Action for Dental Health Act is a prime example of how Congress  should work. Together, we developed the idea, consulted with experts in  the field, worked across the aisle on the legislative text, introduced  it, advanced it through the committee process, organized House and  Senate votes, amended the bill, and we now look to advance this  critical bill to President Trump's desk to make it law.   This is how Congress should work. We need to get back to this  cooperative process. Let us not delay making way for quality dental  health services for Americans in need.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to  the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky), and I ask unanimous  consent that she may control that time.   