 Mr. President, I had a chance to listen to our friend,  the Democratic leader, and it is becoming clearer exactly what his  strategy is for dealing with the aftermath of the November 8 election,  in which Republicans retained the majority in both Houses of Congress  and picked up the White House to boot. I realize it was a shock to our  Democratic friends--the election that occurred on November 8 and the  verdict of the American people, given the choices they were presented.  What is becoming increasingly clear is that the Democratic leader, the  Senator from New York, believes that Democrats and the country are  better served by being an opposition party--in other words, opposed to  everything that is proposed by either the President or anybody on this  side of the aisle.   Rather than working together with us to try to build consensus, to  try to address the challenges that face the country, what they are  going to do is to sit back and enjoy the failure--which is what they  are hoping and praying for--when we try to do this alone. We know our  system is built on bipartisan cooperation and consensus building, and I  have to tell my friend, the Senator from New York, Mr. Schumer, that I  doubt his party's political prospects are going to improve as long as  people see them as a restoration of the status quo at a time when they  voted for change. Rather than working together to find solutions to the  challenges that face our country, they have decided to sit back, drag  their heels, oppose, and say no to each and every constructive solution  offered by either the White House or this side of the aisle. I really  do hope they decide that this is a recipe for political failure,  continuing to wander in the political wilderness.   At a time when the voters voted for change, they are arguing for a  restoration of the status quo--the direction that the country, the  majority of voters, and certainly those whose votes are reflected in  the Electoral College felt was a wrong direction for our country.   So I believe that most Americans greeted the peaceful transfer of  power  [[Page S370]]  as reflected by the inaugural ceremonies of last Friday with relief and  welcomed a new day in the country.   My wife and I had the chance to attend those inauguration ceremonies.  Let me first say to President Trump, the First Lady, and his family, as  they start this journey leading the Nation, that I wish you well and  offer my help, because I believe if President Trump succeeds and if his  administration succeeds, then there is a better chance that the country  will succeed, and it is not going to happen by opposing each and every  idea of the administration, which our Democratic colleagues seem bound  and determined to do, being seen as merely obstructionist and being  naysayers rather than constructive solution finders for the problems  that confront the country. I am very hopeful about what the future  holds, and I look forward to working with the new President in the  years ahead to strengthen our country.   One obvious way all of us can support this peaceful transition of  power, which is the hallmark of our democracy, is by making sure that  President Trump has the counsel and advice of the men and women he has  chosen to serve with him in his Cabinet. Our Democratic colleagues at  one point want to criticize the President for not making a smoother  transition, while enjoying every difficulty encountered, at the same  time by denying him the Cabinet that he has chosen to serve with him to  lead the country.   We have said it before, but it bears repetition. On January 20, 2009,  when President Obama was sworn into office, people on this side of the  aisle weren't necessarily happy with the electoral outcome. Our  preferred candidate did not win, but that didn't mean we obstructed  President Obama's choice for his Cabinet. Indeed, we agreed to seven  Cabinet members being approved on the first day that President Obama  took office, on January 20, 2009.   Well, all of these positions are important and are necessary to make  the transition of power in our democracy as smooth as possible. Posts  such as Secretary of Defense and Homeland Security and the CIA  Director, which we will be voting on later today, are particularly  critical, given the national security responsibilities associated with  them.   While I am glad we confirmed General Mattis and General Kelly on  Friday, we should have voted on the nomination of Congressman Mike  Pompeo to head the Central Intelligence Agency.   Mike Pompeo is well qualified for this position as CIA Director, but  unfortunately some of our colleagues want to slow-walk his nomination.  How is it that 89 Members could vote to proceed to confirm his  nomination for today last Friday but still they denied us the  opportunity for an up-or-down vote last Friday, which we should have  had?   Our colleague from Oregon said that he wanted some debate during the  light of day. Well, we were willing to stay as late, or into the  weekend, as we needed to in order to get Congressman Pompeo confirmed,  but, no, he wanted to delay it until today, so presumably there would  be less competition for airtime on the evening news. I can't think of  another reason he would have delayed that confirmation.   I just want to remind our colleagues that our country continues to  face incredible threats, and they are not hitting the pause button.  Instead, it is possible that some of our foes could try to test the  resolve of President Trump and his new Cabinet during this period of  transition, where everybody recognizes this is a period of  vulnerability for the United States.   I am reminded of a sobering quote from the Director of National  Intelligence during a hearing in 2016. Former Director Clapper, who  served our intelligence community for more than half a century,  testified: ``In my 50-plus years in the intelligence business,'' he  said, ``I cannot recall a more diverse array of challenges and crises  than we confront today.'' That is the former Director of National  Intelligence, James Clapper, who spent more than half a century in the  intelligence community.   So with that in mind, you would think that we could all agree that  the President needs his national security Cabinet at his side,  particularly his CIA Director, a Cabinet position integral to keeping  our country safe. That is why, in my view, we must confirm Congressman  Pompeo as the next Director of the Central Intelligence Agency as soon  as possible.   For those who don't know Mike well, he served in Congress for several  years, including as a member of the House Intelligence Committee. And I  have no doubt, as Director, he will do all he can to make sure that  those serving in the intelligence community have the tools and the  respect they need and deserve to keep America safe.   So we need to get this done and to get this done without further  delay. Let's not keep the President of the United States from his team,  a team that could help him better serve and better protect the people  of this country.   And, even more, we need to have our Democratic colleagues recognize  that the election is over. The votes have been counted. President Trump  has been sworn into office. So we need to end the electioneering that  has succeeded all of their activities since November 8. They haven't  stopped the campaign.   The campaign is over. The voters have spoken. And we need to get busy  governing on behalf of all the American people.   Some of the comments that were made on the floor last week by Senator  Wyden from Oregon--when he objected to voting on the nomination of  Congressman Pompeo, he raised the issue of surveillance programs and  referred to the so-called 215 program that was designed to collect  metadata, but not content, of foreign nationals. He referred to the USA  FREEDOM Act, which Congress passed and which replaced the old 215  program with a new approach. But one thing he overlooked is that both  the Senator from Oregon and I voted for final passage of the USA  FREEDOM Act, as did Congressman Pompeo. They voted for the same piece  of legislation, yet the Senator from Oregon wants to take the new CIA  Director to task for apparently having some divergent views from his  own, when they both voted for the same reforms in the USA FREEDOM Act.  That is why it seems so disingenuous when he suggests on the floor, as  he has done, that Congressman Pompeo does not believe that there are  any legal boundaries for surveillance programs. Indeed, in the  Intelligence Committee last week, Congressman Pompeo, during his open  hearing, said he would abide by the law of the land, as I am sure he  will, and as we all must.   Surely the Senator from Oregon does not think that support for  expanding access to certain metadata is grounds for opposing the  nominee. In fact, 59 Members of the Senate and a majority of the  Senate's Intelligence Committee last year voted to make clear that the  government should be able to access Internet metadata with the use of  national security letters.   Just to be clear, we are not talking about content. We are not  talking about private information that is subject to a reasonable  expectation of privacy under the Fourth Amendment of the U.S.  Constitution. When the government wants access to private information,  subject to a reasonable expectation of privacy, it requires a search  warrant, along with establishing probable cause to believe that a crime  or threat is present.   So it is a little disingenuous to be arguing about metadata, which is  not content, which is not protected by the Fourth Amendment, which  doesn't require a search warrant, as a reason to object to Congressman  Pompeo's nomination as CIA Director. Indeed, as I pointed out, the  Senator from Oregon and Congressman Pompeo and I all voted for  legislation that he believes addressed the concerns he had with the  previous metadata collection program.   Then there is the detention and interrogation policies of the U.S.  Government post-9/11. It is time to turn the page on this chapter of  the CIA's history. We need to focus now on how to defeat the threats of  today and tomorrow, not relitigate the battles of yesterday.   But, to be clear, Senator Jeff Sessions, the President's choice for  Attorney General, has made clear that the enhanced interrogation  policies that were used with the approval of the Office of Legal  Counsel and the authorities during the Bush administration no longer  would be permissible because  [[Page S371]]  the Army Field Manual is now the law of the land. Congressman Pompeo  voted for the legislation that made that change to Federal law, and he  has pledged to follow it. So I am not sure what more we can ask of a  nominee.   Finally, later today, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will  vote on the nomination of Rex Tillerson, President Trump's nominee to  serve as the next Secretary of State. I have known Mr. Tillerson for a  number of years now. Over time, I have come to admire and respect him  for many reasons. He has proven over a decades-long career in the top  echelons of a large, global company that he has what it takes to  represent not the shareholders that he has been representing but the  American people throughout the world in the most sensitive diplomatic  and international matters you can imagine. And, most of all, he has  proved time and again that he is a man of strong conviction and  character.   I have confidence that Mr. Tillerson will help the United States  regain our leadership role in the world by unapologetically supporting  our allies and our friends while keeping a check on our adversaries. He  is, simply stated, the right man to lead our State Department, and I  hope that the committee supports his nomination and that the full  Senate votes to confirm him soon.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my Army  fellow, CPT David Judson, be granted floor privileges for the remainder  of this legislative session.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my Army  fellow, CPT David Judson, be granted floor privileges for the remainder  of this legislative session.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   