 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, what Congress is trying to do today, this  evening, as long as it takes, as long as the arms are twisted, is  frankly outrageous. Our job is to look out for the people whom we  serve, not to look out for Wells Fargo, not to look out for Equifax,  not to look out for Wall Street banks, not to look out for corporations  who scam consumers.   Forced arbitration, pure and simple, takes power away from ordinary  people. It gives it to the big banks, it gives it to Equifax, it gives  it to Wells Fargo, it gives it to Wall Street companies that already  have an unfair advantage. We know the White House increasingly looks  like a retreat for Wall Street executives. I would hope the Senate  wouldn't follow suit.   Look at Equifax. In early September, we learned it compromised the  personal data of more than 145 million Americans'--5 million in my  State, probably twice that in the Presiding Officer's State--names,  dates of birth, addresses, Social Security numbers, driver's licenses,  more than half the adult population of the United States of America.   So how did Equifax respond? By immediately trying to trick  customers--their consumers, their customers--into signing away their  rights to access the court system in exchange for credit monitoring.   So here is what Equifax did in simple terms. Equifax said: Oh, we  will give you a free year of credit monitoring; sign right here. Oh,  yeah, when you sign right here, the fine print says: but you can't ever  sue us. You have to go through this forced arbitration, which of course  almost nobody does, almost nobody understands, and almost no consumer  ever wins. Only after Senators and consumer groups led a public outcry  did they back down.   We sat in the Banking Committee and listened to the just-retired CEO  of Equifax and then the next week listened to the trade association  where the CEO of the trade association, who wasn't paid the tens of  millions of dollars, I assume, that the retired CEO of Equifax was--the  recently retired because he didn't do his job, even though he was  getting all kinds of compensation. There is more on that later.   They backed down from this idea of forced arbitration because the  public said: You basically have to be kidding. You are going to defraud  145 million people, and then they are going to sign something and the  fine print says: Sorry, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, you can't sue us. So  they backed down. Great.   Then he said he was going to give up his bonus. That was really  generous when he made in 2016 and 2017--as Senator Crapo and I in the  Banking Committee talked about today--he made about $140 million in  those 2 years, which is not real difficult math. There were 145 million  people scammed, and the CEO, not doing his job, made $140 million, so  that is about a dollar per ``scamee.'' I know that is not a word, but  it sort of fits.   You would think after public shaming, Equifax would have learned its  lesson. So last week Equifax again was just abusing the public trust.  You wonder why people are cynical or people are skeptical. People are  so frustrated about Wall Street and about financial services in this  country because you have these multigazillionaires--again, in 2 years,  he made $140 million. Well, you have these very wealthy executives who  think they are doing us a favor because they are giving back their  bonus. They already have $100 million in their pocket, and that is just  in the last 2 years. Who knows how far it goes back.   So they sent a representative to testify in front of the Banking  Committee. Do you know what he said when we asked him--I asked him and  others asked him--he still thinks it is appropriate for Equifax and the  other credit bureaus to use forced arbitration clauses that prevent  Americans they have hurt from having their day in court. He seemed to  learn nothing from this. Even after the huge harm Equifax has caused  145 million Americans, 5 million Ohioans, they still defend their use  of forced arbitration clauses.   Why do they like them so much? Why are they willing to stand strong  and to hold on to their right to forced arbitration? Because they make  so much money from forced arbitration because it keeps that power  relationship. When Wall Street has all the power and 145 million  consumers have almost no power--that is why they like forced  arbitration and that is why they are turning the heat up on all of my  colleagues here to stand strong for the banks, for Wall Street, for  Equifax, for Wells Fargo, for forced arbitration. That is Equifax.   Let's take a look at Wells Fargo. In 2013, they used a forced  arbitration clause to silence a customer who had accused the company of  opening fake accounts in his name. OK. I will say that again. They used  a forced arbitration clause to silence a customer who had accused the  company of opening fake accounts in his name. Well, it turns out this  customer was not just right, but we found out Wells Fargo opened 3.5  million of these fake accounts. Think about that. You have a  relationship with a bank, and it happens to be Wells Fargo, which used  to have a really good reputation as one of America's largest Wall  Street banks--and neighborhood banks too. There are 6 million, if I am  right, 6 million community banks, as they like to say. There are 6  million little branch offices in everybody's neighborhood.   So this bank took relationships they had with their customers, and  they opened accounts pretty much for 3.5 million of their customers-- accounts they never approved. Say you had a checking account with them.  They went and opened another checking account in your name and didn't  tell you. That is what they did.   So then they subjected their employees who opened those accounts to  harsh sales goals. That is what they did--harsh sales goals. They  threatened to fire anyone who didn't keep up. Here is the forced  arbitration. Because Wells Fargo had the power of the forced  arbitration clause, they were able to sweep this 2013 lawsuit under the  rug, allowing the scandal to continue for years.   So go back to that. In 2013, if that customer didn't have that forced  arbitration--which that customer didn't even know he or she signed.  When they  [[Page S6739]]  wanted to sue, they found out they couldn't sue because they had  signed, in the really small print that almost nobody reads--I am not a  lawyer, and I don't know if I could understand that small print. I know  many Americans can't. So that person couldn't sue.   Imagine if that person had been able to sue in an open court and then  in discovery they had found out: Oh, my gosh. Wells Fargo opened 3.5  million of these accounts. Maybe we ought to do something about it.  Instead, because of forced arbitration, the public didn't find out  about what Wells Fargo had done until about 3 years later. So think of  the damage. Maybe it wasn't 3.5 million cases--maybe they didn't open  3.5 million in 2013. Maybe it was only a million there, but every month  they opened more and more and more fake accounts, false accounts,  because nobody could sue because they were forced into arbitration, and  arbitration always happens in a back room somewhere. Nobody really  knows it is going on.   Again, think how much damage could have been prevented if that  customer was allowed to take Wells Fargo to open court 4 years ago.  When the scandal was finally brought to light, customers found out that  forced arbitration was such a powerful tool for Wells Fargo and others  and that it was all without their consent.   The Economic Policy Institute studied people who went into  arbitration with Wells Fargo. They found out, on average--now, most  people don't even try with arbitration. They just give up because it is  only a few dollars, but those courageous souls or angry customers who  actually went into arbitration, ended up--they didn't just lose and not  win any money from Wells Fargo, they, on the average, had to pay Wells  Fargo--maybe we would call it, in layman's terms, a countersuit in some  sense--they had to pay Wells Fargo an average of $11,000.   So they can't sue under Federal law. They have lost their day in  court, under Federal law, because of this forced arbitration law. So  they went to arbitration, and Wells Fargo, with their very smart, very  well-paid lawyer--keep in mind, their CEO made about $20 million. Their  really well-paid legal team does very well. So that well-paid legal  team went to work, and the average customer, who had no legal team on  her side or on his side, ended up paying Wells Fargo, on the average,  $11,000. No wonder they love this forced arbitration law.   You heard that right, the customers ended up paying the bank. So the  same bank that cheated customers into opening false accounts--they  cheated, they deceived into opening false accounts and that doesn't  even talk about the car insurance they made them buy down the road.  That is another story. The same bank that cheated customers into  opening false accounts, the customers ended up having to pay Wells  Fargo for the privilege of getting scammed. Congratulations.   No wonder people don't trust Wall Street. No wonder people are mad at  Wells Fargo and Equifax and these companies that scam the public and  these banks that--I live in Cleveland, OH, in ZIP Code 44105. My ZIP  Code had more foreclosures in 2007 than any ZIP Code in the United  States of America, and I see what these banks did to my neighborhood,  and I see what they do to Wells Fargo accountholders, and I see what  they are doing to the 145 million whom Equifax has scammed.   Studies show that Wall Street and other big companies win 93 percent  of the time in arbitration. Ninety-three percent of the time in  arbitration the companies win. No wonder they are fighting like hell.  No wonder they have lobbied this place like we have never seen. No  wonder every Wall Street firm is down here begging their Senators to  stand strong with Wall Street and pass this CRA, pass this resolution  to undo the rule stopping forced arbitration.   So Wells Fargo's multidecamillionaire CEO came and testified in front  of the Banking Committee early this month on an entirely new scandal.  This is another Wells Fargo scandal, a scandal the last CEO in front of  us didn't disclose. There was a new scandal he knew about and didn't  tell us about. He said that Wells Fargo plans to keep using forced  arbitration. It is amazing that bank that has hurt so many Americans  would continue to crusade against consumers' right to a day in court.   This vote is all about a consumer's right to a day in court, pure and  simple. These forced arbitration clauses are powerful. They are  everywhere. They are in student loans. They are in credit card  agreements. They are in nursing home agreements, even in employment  contracts.   Gretchen Carlson, the well-known FOX News anchor, was prevented from  suing her employer for sexual harassment by a forced arbitration clause  in her employment contract. She has been urging Senators today to vote  against the repeal of the consumer bureau's rule. In her words, forced  arbitration ``has silenced millions of women who otherwise may have  come forward.'' With all the other things about forced arbitration,  think about what she said. She says forced arbitration ``has silenced  millions of women who otherwise may have come forward.''   Forced arbitration is about the biggest companies in the country, the  biggest Wall Street firms and silencing customers, silencing victims.  It is about giving more power to corporations. If you ask Americans if  they think corporations have too much power, resoundingly, they say  yes. This gives more power to those corporations that already have too  much power in the lives of working Americans.   Let me tell you a story about an Ohioan. I will use only his first  name, George. George is from Mentor, OH, a community east of Cleveland  in Lake County. George's wife suffered physical and mental abuse in a  nursing home. Guess what. The nursing home had an arbitration clause.  It denied him and his family their day in court. This nursing home  could physically and mentally abuse his wife, who was helpless in this  nursing home. She couldn't really fight back. She couldn't really do  much herself to stop it. They couldn't go to court because they had  signed a forced arbitration clause. George didn't know what a forced  arbitration clause was, I assume, until that happened.   Forced arbitration clauses were so powerful and so effective that  when George went to a lawyer, his lawyer said: You don't stand a chance  fighting against it because they are going to put you into forced  arbitration. They are not going to give you a free day in court.   Veterans and servicemembers have a lot of experience with this issue.  A big Wall Street bank called Santander was illegally repossessing cars  from servicemembers all over the country several years ago. When  servicemembers spoke up about their rights--special protections they  earned by serving our country--Santander used forced arbitration to  keep them out of court.   We talk a good game about veterans here. We are always saying how we  are on the side of veterans. I have served in the Veterans' Affairs  Committee longer than any Ohio Senator ever. I pay a lot of attention  to these issues, and I hear all of my colleagues mouth wonderful words  about how we love veterans and ought to take care of veterans. The  American Legion held its national convention in August and adopted a  resolution supporting the consumer bureau's rule and opposing today's  attempt to repeal it. The assistant director of the American Legion's  veterans employment and education division said: ``Our membership has  stated unequivocally that we will not accept a future where our  military veterans' financial protections are chipped away to increase  the margins of the financial sector.''   These arbitration rules go after families of people in nursing homes.  They go after customers who they get to sign up for things they didn't  know they were signing up for. They go after people whose credit has  been hacked and whose credit rating has been dinged, and they go after  soldiers, airmen, sailors, and Coast Guard members. How will Members of  this body look those servicemembers in the eye and explain that they  chose to stand with Wall Street over our military members?   Forced arbitration hurts the 3.5 million people who had bank accounts  fraudulently opened by Wells Fargo. Forced arbitration hurts the 145  million Americans who had their personal data put at risk by Equifax.  It hurts employees who have been hurt by their employers. It hurts  students who have been cheated by for-profit colleges. It hurts family  members in nursing  [[Page S6740]]  homes. It hurts America's veterans. Forced arbitration hurts millions  of Americans with student loan debt and credit cards. Damn near  everybody in the country is potentially vulnerable to forced  arbitration.   Who does forced arbitration help? We know that it is Wall Street  banks and huge corporations that never pay the price for cheating  working people. Those CEOs who make $20 million and, then, generously  give up their bonuses, will not give up forced arbitration because they  know that will help their bottom line. That will help their stock  bounce back. That will help their dividend. That will help their  compensation.   I urge my friends on the other side to ask themselves: Whose side are  we on--the people we serve who get hurt by forced arbitration or Wall  Street CEOs who cash in? I ask my colleagues: Choose to side with the  people we serve. Vote against repeal of the consumer bureau's rule.  Give some power back to regular Americans.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following my  remarks of no more than 2 minutes, Senator Franken follow me, and then  Senator Blumenthal.    Mr. President, I just want to make an observation after  listening to the words of my friend Senator Duckworth, who speaks, as  Holly Petraeus and so many others have spoken, about the importance of  this rule to veterans in this country.   It is not just consumers. It is not just women who have been abused  in the workplace. It is not just people who sign up for credit cards.  It is veterans in this country who are the losers if this vote passes  tonight.   I would first like to read the number of Democrats who have been on  the floor in opposition to this motion in support of the rule. I  started, then Senator Merkley, Senator Warren, Senator Hirono, Senator  Durbin, Senator Whitehouse, Senator Van Hollen, Senator Udall, Senator  Duckworth, soon after, Senator Franken, and Senator Blumenthal.   On the other side there has been one Senator. Senator Crapo is a good  friend of mine. He is chairman of the committee. I am the ranking  member. He is doing his duty and defending his position well. But no  other Republican Senator, no supporter of this resolution--nobody wants  to come down here and speak. Why? Because they don't want to be seen as  defenders of Wall Street. They don't want to be seen as defenders of  the most powerful people in this country. So they stay back in their  offices quietly.   They will come down here meekly on the floor, and they will vote yes,  and they will go home and hope nobody knows about it. But they are not  willing--again, Senator Crapo, whom I admire and respect greatly, knows  those aren't just words. I mean it. He is doing his duty as chairman of  the Banking Committee. None of the rest of them want to join him. I  think that tells you a whole lot.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, the Vice President of the United States is  here. Looks like Equifax and Wall Street and Wells Fargo will win  again. The Vice President only shows up in this body when the rich and  the powerful need him. It is pretty clear tonight that Wall Street  needs him. This vote will make the rich richer. It will make the  powerful more powerful.   Forced arbitration hurts the 3.5 million people who were defrauded by  Wells Fargo. Forced arbitration hurts the 145 million Americans who  were wronged by Equifax, 5 million in Ohio alone. It hurts employees  who have been hurt by their employers. It hurts students who have been  cheated by for-profit colleges. It hurts family members in nursing  homes. It hurts the millions of Americans with student loan debt and  credit cards.   I will close with this. I want every voting Member of the Senate to  look into the eyes of the American Legion veterans who say a vote to  overturn the CFPB arbitration rule is a vote against our military and  against our veterans. Vote no.   I yield back the time on our side.   