 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gardner). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gardner). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, this body has a dual obligation--to  ensure that there are sanctions against Iran for its destabilizing  activity around the region and, indeed, the world but also sanctions  against Russia for its interference with our election--one of the core  democratic institutions of our Nation--as well as other acts that are  hostile to the world order and to world peace.   I support S. 722, the Countering Iran's Destabilizing Activities Act,  but I strongly believe it should have Russian sanctions included as  well.   As the Senate proceeds to this urgently needed measure, Iran's own  Parliament has suffered an ISIS-claimed terrorist attack in Tehran. I  condemn that act of terror--one of many the world has suffered because  of ISIS. We are at war with ISIS as we are with terrorists--extremism-- around the world. It intentionally targets civilians. It uses violence  to spread terror and destabilize the Middle East. ISIS has been a world  terror organization.  [[Page S3316]]    The fact that Iran's leaders themselves direct and glorify terrorism  against Israel and the United States does not diminish the horror of  what has occurred. People of all faiths from an increasingly diverse  number of nations have become victims of this terror spread by ISIS and  Iran. What occurred today is, sadly, more evidence that Iran's  unconditional support for Bashar al-Assad is directly counter to the  interests of the Iranian people and our ongoing efforts to defeat ISIS.   We must hold Iran accountable. We must hold it accountable for its  many malign activities through increasing and enforcing strong,  targeted sanctions. I thank my colleagues, including Senator McCain,  who just spoke so forcefully on the floor, Senator Menendez, Senator  Corker, Senator Cardin, as well as other colleagues who have worked on  this cause. We must hold Iran accountable for the threat its acts of  terrorism pose to our national security. We must hold it accountable to  the threat its missile program holds to our allies, including Israel-- our major strategic partner in that region. We must hold Iran  accountable for the gross violations of human rights and war crimes  that it and Russia together are perpetrating in Syria.   In the last few months, Iran has tested and fired ballistic missiles,  tested a new Russian-made air defense system against missiles, and  harassed U.S. ships. It continues to arm and enable the Hamas terrorist  organization, the despotic Assad regime, and the supply of weapons to  Hezbollah. It has enabled Hezbollah to amass 150,000 rockets and  missiles--all aimed at civilians in Israel.   Last month, the State Department released a report on Iran's human  rights violations. It continues to show a troubling trend of abuse and  notes that Iran has more than 800 political prisoners and that it  executed at least 469 people just last year.   We know that sanctions must be targeted and continually strengthened  to deter Iran. This legislation will impose sanctions on Iran for its  support of terrorism, human rights violations, and ballistic missile  development. That includes sanctioning any person who knowingly  violates arms embargoes or materially contributes to Iran's ballistic  missile program. It also includes terrorism-related sanctions on  members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and its affiliates-- going beyond members of the Quds Force, who are already sanctioned.   In no way does this sanctions program contradict or undermine the  nuclear agreement with Iran. That agreement provided us and our allies  the time and space to now push Iran to end its malign activities  without the imminent threat of a nuclear weapon.   Congress must do everything it can to authorize new measures against  Iran and ensure that this new administration effectively enforces them.  We must also seize this opportunity to hold Russia accountable as well  for its egregious, aggressive behavior and ongoing violations of  international law.   Russia's cooperation with Iran, including providing Iran with an S- 300 air missile defense system that it recently tested, strengthens  Iran as it fuels and finances a network of terrorism. Under Putin's  direction, Russia both enabled and tried to cover up crimes in Syria.  It invaded Ukraine. It illegally annexed Crimea. It attacked and  interfered with our democracy.   Enough is enough. That is why I urge this body to adopt Russian  sanctions as part of S. 722. Sadly and dangerously, our President has  proven time and again to be unwilling to hold Vladimir Putin  accountable. Congress must ensure that he does so. It must ensure that  Russia receives a clear, unequivocal signal through this measure,  Senator Cardin's Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act, and Senator  Graham's Russia Sanctions Review Act, as an amendment to be adopted by  this body to the Iran legislation, which I helped author. These  measures are critical to sending a message that we will hold Russia  accountable for its lawbreaking, its support of terrorism, its  interference in our elections, its annexation of Crimea, its invasion  of Ukraine, and its violation of the INF Treaty. I can accept nothing  short of including these Russia bills to move forward to a final vote.  I will support S. 722, but I believe there is a track and a path for  this body to do both, and we must do it.   The imposition of mandatory sanctions codifying former President  Obama's Executive orders regarding Ukraine and malicious cyber  activity, as well as targeting individuals and entities contributing to  Russia's oil and gas industries, should be part of this final  passage. We cannot afford to wait any longer to take action.    I am disappointed that the President has seemed disinterested or at  least unwilling to join in these sanctions against Russia.  Unfortunately, the testimony that former Director Jim Comey will  deliver tomorrow provides evidence as to possible motive and intent in  his discussions with Comey that reflect on his apparent willingness to  tolerate this aggressive conduct by Russia without holding it  accountable.   This testimony from Director Comey is an explosive corroboration of  the facts that have been reported--that the President asked for  loyalty, threatening Jim Comey's job, and tried to influence the FBI's  ongoing criminal investigation on multiple occasions. This conduct  shows unequivocally the disdain the President has for the rule of law  and clearly demonstrates that he believes he and his friends and family  are above the law. I am saddened and I am chilled that this harrowing  account will be given to the Senate Intelligence Committee rather than,  in fact, in a fictional spy novel.   Director Comey deserves credit for his willingness to come before the  committee, for his apparent candor and truthfulness, and for his  resistance to those demands for a pledge of loyalty and an end to the  Flynn investigation, even when it meant his firing.   His testimony should serve as evidence in the investigation led by  Robert Mueller but also as evidence that Mr. Mueller must have  unimpeded space, resources, and independence to conduct his  investigation. I will take action as a member of the Judiciary  Committee to seek oversight simply to ensure that those resources are  independent and are safeguarded. With this documented proof, clearly  the White House has sought to derail our law enforcement officials in  their enforcing of the law. We must ensure an end to such conduct, and  we must send Russia a signal that, in fact, it will be held  accountable; that the investigation into its meddling in our election  will be pursued vigorously and aggressively; that anyone in this  country who colluded with or aided and abetted that meddling will be  held accountable; and that there will be no obstruction of justice.  This goal should unite us across the aisle on a bipartisan basis.   Thank you, Mr. President.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   