 Mr. President, I am proud and honored to follow my  very distinguished colleague from New Hampshire, Senator Shaheen, and  Senator Murray of Washington in this cause which invokes a line that I  think the President used last night in his address to us, pledging  cooperation for causes where we can make a common cause.   Surely no cause is more important than healthcare, no goal is more  important than preventive services for  [[Page S1528]]  women so we can all avoid the costs not only in dollars and cents but  the cost of human suffering and foreclosed futures that will come when  women are denied these kinds of basic services.   I met this morning with a group from Planned Parenthood, patients and  providers working in clinics across New England. They told me their  story--some of them patients, some of them service providers and  volunteers--about the kind of transformative effect that primary care,  examinations and screenings, can have for women who would otherwise  lack those services. The community health centers cannot substitute for  them.   Family planning programs under title X are often the only Federal  programs dedicated to providing comprehensive services in family  planning but also in related preventive health services.   Over the past year alone, title X providers have provided cancer and  HIV screenings, contraceptive services, and other primary and  preventive services to over 4 million women and men at nearly 4,000  health centers in New England and across the country. This network of  healthcare providers is a safety net. They compose a network, the title  X network, including providers of State and local health departments,  federally qualified health centers, and family planning councils. They  create a network that provides a critical source of healthcare to  people who otherwise would be denied it. They are trusted providers who  are willing to serve the uninsured, the uninsured and low-income  individuals who risk losing all access to healthcare if it was not for  this network.   These clinics are often the only healthcare providers in rural areas  and other parts of the country. So the political attacks on providers  that provide abortion services would mean a loss of access to all  family planning and preventive healthcare in these parts of the  country--rural, metropolitan, suburban. Not only are these services  necessary, but family planning services are really good investments,  especially when it comes to the money that otherwise would be spent  when illnesses or diseases become more serious.   In 2010, the $1.14 billion that was spent in this country on family  planning resulted in more than $8 billion in gross savings. That is a  clearly worthwhile investment.   The resolution that passed the House last month that Senator  McConnell is considering bringing to the Senate floor would eliminate  protections that prevent discrimination against these very providers,  discrimination based on facts or sometimes nonfacts that have nothing  to do with the quality of care or the worthiness of the investment in  these clinics and healthcare providers.   The regulation that Republicans are seeking to eliminate ensures that  no qualified providers will be excluded from eligibility for Federal  funding for discriminatory reasons outside of that provider's ability  to provide care. That is really the criterion that matters. The ones  who want to eliminate this regulation apparently would rather risk  limiting access to healthcare in order to score political points.  Unfortunately, it is really that simple.   At a time when Republicans continue to try to push ahead with  repealing the Affordable Care Act, which also includes essential  support for preventive healthcare, they also want to disrupt the  country's healthcare system for this kind of women's healthcare.   Just last night, after President Trump claimed he wanted to work with  Members of both parties to invest in women's health, we are threatened  with this step to eliminate an important regulation that protects  women's health. I ask the President and my colleagues across the aisle  to join in this common cause, which should unite us on a bipartisan  basis. If they want to continue these attacks, we are ready for the  fight, but we would much rather cooperate and collaborate in the cause  of women's healthcare.   I urge my Senate colleagues to listen to the kind of providers and  patients whom I met with this morning, the kind of provider that  Senator Shaheen brought with her last night as her guest, the kind of  providers and patients and volunteers who work in these clinics all  across the country, whether it is Planned Parenthood or other kinds of  clinics. I ask them to listen to the advocates here, supporters, like  the National Coalition of STD Directors, the National Campaign to  Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy, the American Psychological  Association, the National Association of County and City Health  Officials, the ACLU, and the American Medical Student Association. They  are just a few of the stakeholders who advocate strongly that this  regulation be continued and who oppose the step the House passed and  that the majority leader may bring to the floor.   These people have dedicated their lives and their careers to  assisting the vulnerable, whether they are providing healthcare or  legal services or other kinds of support, and they are saying to us: Do  not eliminate this regulation. I think we ought to listen to them. I  hope my colleagues will.   I am determined that we will fight tooth and nail if we need to do  so, but I would much rather that we follow the President's offer and  that we collaborate to stop the elimination of this regulation, which  is so important to making sure that women's healthcare is based on  quality, not on discriminatory reasons based on political motive.   