 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Encouraging Public  Offerings Act, a bill that the gentleman from New York (Mr. Meeks) and  I have worked on together, and I thank him for that.   I also thank the Financial Services Committee, in particular, the  staff and the subcommittee chairman, Mr. Huizenga.   I also thank the chairman, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hensarling).  His leadership of this committee and his devotion and fidelity to the  conservative principles are legendary. His retirement will be a great  loss to this institution. The Hensarling legacy of conservative  leadership will not be forgotten, and I am certain that his next  chapter will be as great as this one. He will be missed by all,  especially by those of us--myself among them--who share his vision and  his limited government principles.   Mr. Speaker, no other country has a better history of connecting  money with vision than the United States of America. We rightfully  celebrate our legendary entrepreneurs: Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Andrew  Carnegie, Tom Davis, John Rockefeller, and a whole host of others who  built the companies that drive our economy. None of those men could  have done what they did without capital. None of them could have done  what they did without intermediaries to connect that capital to their  vision.   So, Mr. Speaker, the depressing truth is that our capital markets are  the biggest, strongest, and most transparent connectors between money  and vision, and they are not where they once were. We have the same  number of public offerings on our stock exchanges that we did in the  1980s, when the economy was much smaller. We have lost 50 percent of  our public companies since the 1990s, and more and more companies  choose to go private, or they never even sell their shares to the  public.   The hope is that, with this bill, we will increase the desire of  companies to go public, getting our financial markets back to being the  number one method for capital formation. To that end, our bill does  three things:   First, it allows the companies to file their paperwork for going  public with the SEC confidentially. That way, if there is an error or a  discrepancy in the documents, the company can work it out with the  agency without getting embarrassed in public or exposing information to  competitors.   Second, it allows all companies to confidentially file their  paperwork for a second stock sale after an initial public offering.  Again, the point being to allow for a dialogue between the company and  the regulator.   Third, it also allows all companies considering an IPO to talk to  sophisticated investors and qualified institutions and see if these  investors might want to buy their stock before offering it to the  public, which is called ``testing the waters.'' It is hard to know if  [[Page H8320]]  you should sell a product if you can't check and see if there is anyone  out there who even wants to buy it.   Mr. Speaker, these changes to the securities laws have received broad  support. I want to quote the SEC chairman on this when he spoke at a  hearing in our committee. He said: ``The initial data is positive. Not  just people using it, but people saying, Thank you, we intend to use  it. Both from an IPO perspective, but also from the perspective on  follow-on offerings that occur in the first year . . . if there is any  adverse views, I'd like to hear them. We haven't heard any.''   The Center for American Progress, which has not traditionally been  friendly to relaxing financial regulations, has said that these  reforms, which were made available to smaller companies in the JOBS  Act, were some of the most successful provisions in that law. This bill  applies them to all companies, not just those with a certain amount of  revenue.   Finally, the Treasury Department gave favorable mention to these  reforms in its report on the capital markets earlier this year. This  bill passed out of the House Financial Services Committee with  unanimous support.   Mr. Speaker, the numbers on public companies are clear. We have a  problem. The experts are clear that the changes in the Budd-Meeks bill  would be a positive step towards fixing the problem. Similar bipartisan  reforms have seen great success in the past.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support.   