 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from  Michigan for yielding me this time, the vice ranking member of our  committee, and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hultgren), my good  friend, for cosponsoring this legislation with me.   I do rise in support of H.R. 1343, Mr. Speaker, and I think it is a  very simple piece of legislation. The chairman of the committee said it  was a simple piece of legislation. It is very straightforward. It  simply raises the threshold as to the amount of stock a private  corporation can give its employees, from $5 million to $10 million,  without triggering additional disclosure.   What this bill is not about is rolling back disclosure because, as a  practical matter, it simply defines the threshold as to when additional  disclosure is required. That threshold was originally  [[Page H2671]]  established in 1988 at $5 million. Five million dollars was good in  1988; it is no longer good in 2017. We have simply escalated that  amount by inflation, and we have come up with the number $10 million,  which is proposed in the legislation.   One of the reasons this legislation does not roll back disclosures,  which is a myth that I intend to debunk here this afternoon, is  because, as a practical matter, what corporations will do is, in fact,  not give additional stock to their employees if, in fact, it triggers  additional disclosures. That is what actually happens in the private  market is this threshold defines the amount of stock that a company  will, in fact, give to its employees in any given year; and, if we  don't raise the cap from $5 million to $10 million, we are effectively  preventing companies from allowing their employees to share in stock  ownership.   Private companies make decisions, Mr. Speaker, to stay private for  many reasons: either because they are too small and they don't want to  go public; or they don't want to, in fact, disclose their confidential  information; or they don't want the costs or burdens of being a public  company; or because they don't want to give up control. Whatever reason  they have, it is a very important decision for a private company to  stay private and not go public. The current threshold of $5 million  effectively forces a company to make the kind of disclosures it would  have to make as a public company if it elects to give more than $5  million of stock to its employees.   We, as policymakers, should encourage more employee ownership in the  markets because it is good for both the corporations and the employees.  It is good for the corporations because it creates a better culture. It  allows the management team and the employees of the company to have a  more long-term perspective, and it reduces turnover, which is one of  the highest costs that companies have. So it is very good for the  companies.   But, in fact, Mr. Speaker, it is even better for the employees. The  data suggest that companies that have high employee ownership are much  less likely to lay off their employees during a recession. So it  creates, effectively, better retention, which is obviously in the  interest of employees.   But the other thing it does--and I think this is the most important  point--is it encourages kind of an inclusive capitalism whereby workers  actually own more of the U.S. economy. This is something, as Democrats,  we should care about, in particular, because we have talked for many  years about how the growth in the U.S. economy and the increases in  productivity have disproportionately gone to capital and not to  workers.   We believe there are many reasons this has occurred, but one of the  things we should be advocating for, strongly, is increasing workers'  ownership of capital. It will inevitably lead to more savings among  workers, and it will start balancing out the distribution of profits in  society. One of the ways we do that is to eliminate the barriers for  companies to issue stock to their employees, which is effectively what  this bill does.    So if we care about this concept of inclusive capitalism, if we  believe American workers should own a greater percentage of the economy  and, therefore, benefit from the productivity enhancements that are  occurring in the economy and the economic growth that is occurring in  the economy, we should put policies in place specifically to make it  easier for corporations to engage in shared employee ownership, which  is exactly what this bill does.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    I had firsthand experience with this prior to coming to  Congress. I started two businesses as private companies, and they both  became publicly traded companies. I shared ownership in those companies  broadly with my team. It was very good for my business, and it was very  good for hundreds of them when those initial public offerings occurred.   So I have firsthand experience with this. I do think it is good  public policy across the long term, and I encourage my colleagues to  support H.R. 1343.   