 Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the gentleman  organizing this hour of Special Order remarks, and your leadership on  these three important issues.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the importance of bolstering  enforcement of existing immigration law and securing the border. The  interior enforcement and border security are vital to enhancing public  safety, keeping the door open to law-abiding immigrants, protecting our  borders, and restoring the rule of law.   Under President Obama, interior enforcement deteriorated dramatically  as his administration refused to enforce immigration laws, rewrote the  law through executive action, and implemented policies that enabled  millions of unlawful and criminal aliens to remain in the United States  free from any possibility of removal.   The Obama administration's policies had--and continue to have-- disturbing consequences. The rule of law was undermined as hundreds of  thousands of Central American unaccompanied minors and families arrived  at the southwest border during the Obama years and were released into  the U.S. Too many Americans were killed or seriously harmed at the  hands of aliens who joined gangs or committed crimes.   Fortunately, the Trump administration has begun to reverse the Obama  administration's disastrous policies and is enforcing the law as  written by Congress. President Trump has issued executive orders to  strengthen interior enforcement and implement strong border security  measures. The Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland  Security are already executing these executive orders, and there have  been quick results.   Illegal border crossings at the Southwest border dropped dramatically  at the beginning of the Trump administration due, in large part, to  consistent enforcement of the law and the strong message that the U.S.  no longer tolerates illegal immigration.   However, illegal border crossings are rising again despite the best  efforts of the Trump administration, demonstrating that the President  should be granted additional, long-needed legislative tools. The House  Judiciary Committee has been hard at work to improve our Nation's  immigration laws and has already approved bills that are crucial to  enable our country to gain control of our immigration system.   The Davis-Oliver Act is the keystone of our interior enforcement  efforts and is named after Placer County Detective Michael Davis, Jr.,  and Sacramento County Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver, two California law  enforcement officers who were murdered by an unlawful immigrant in  October 2014.   The bill improves the enforcement of our Nation's immigration laws to  enhance public safety. Specifically, the Davis-Oliver Act provides  tools to crack down on dangerous sanctuary city policies and contains  much-needed changes to protect American communities from unlawful  immigrants who commit crimes in the United States, or are gang members.   The Davis-Oliver Act also enhances national security by improving our  Nation's first line of defense, the visa issuance process. It provides  thorough screening of foreign nationals seeking to enter the United  States in order to prevent terrorists from entering our country. The  bill also ensures the rule of law and removes the ability of any  President to unilaterally shut down immigration enforcement by granting  States and localities the authority to voluntarily assist in the  enforcement of Federal immigration law and to enforce their own  immigration laws consistent with Federal practices.   The House Judiciary Committee has also approved several bills to  reform the asylum and refugee programs to curtail rampant fraud, while  ensuring that our Nation continues to be a safe haven for those  persecuted around the world. The surge of Central American  unaccompanied alien minors and family units seeking to enter the U.S.  illegally at our southern border put a strain on manpower and  resources. It also exposed loopholes in our Nation's immigration laws  that are being exploited by smugglers and others seeking to game the  system.   The Asylum Reform and Border Patrol Act makes a number of  improvements to our Nation's laws to prevent fraud and abuse in the  system and assure that asylum is reserved for those truly fleeing  persecution in their home country.   Further, the Protection of Children Act makes sure that unaccompanied  alien minors who make the dangerous journey to the United States are  swiftly and safely returned home. For those who stay with a sponsor in  the United States while awaiting their immigration hearing, the bill  provides for greater transparency and safety to these minors to ensure  that they are not inadvertently delivered into the hands of criminals  or abusers.   The Refugee Program Integrity Restoration Act reforms the refugee  program by curbing fraud and strengthening public safety and national  security. It also provides State and local governments the power to  decide if refugees are to be resettled within their communities and  gives Congress, not the President, the authority to set the overall  refugee ceiling for each year.    The House Judiciary Committee also plans to bring up a bill that  protects jobs for citizens and legal workers, the Legal Workforce Act.  This bill requires all U.S. employers to check the work eligibility of  all future hires through the tried and tested E-Verify system. E-Verify  quickly confirms 99 percent of work-eligible employees and takes less  than 2 minutes to use.   Over 740,000 American employers currently use E-Verify, and 83  percent of America's employers support a mandatory electronic  verification system. While many aspects of our Nation's immigration  system need to be improved, including our guest worker program for  American agriculture, we must strengthen the enforcement of our  immigration laws. Immigration enforcement is crucial to maintain our  sovereignty, to protect national security, and to restore the rule of  law.   Mr. Speaker, I call on Congress to take up the House Judiciary  Committee's immigration enforcement bills soon.   