 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 239, the Support for Rapid  Innovation Act.   Mr. Speaker, this timely legislation authorizes the Department of  Homeland Security to support cybersecurity research and development and  to help innovators with promising cybersecurity technologies to help  commercialize their products.   Government and private sector networks are under constant attack by  increasingly sophisticated cyber hackers. The cyber hacking campaign  carried out by the Russian Government against U.S. political and  business institutions, during the 2016 election, is a recent, high- profile example.   Concern has also been growing about the threat of cybercriminals  carrying out attacks by exploiting unprotected Internet-enabled  consumer products. This threat was brought into sharp focus last  October with the denial of service attack against Dyn. During that  attack, malware was used to direct tens of thousands of Internet- connected cameras, DVRs, and other consumer products to carry out  successive, highly sophisticated attacks.   Our adversaries are constantly innovating. It is imperative that the  Federal Government--and specifically DHS--innovate, too. To that end,  H.R. 239 directs DHS to invest in innovative cybersecurity technologies  and provide DHS with flexibility to overcome bureaucratic obstacles  that sometimes  [[Page H277]]  discourage smaller companies, like tech startups, from working with the  Federal Government.   H.R. 239 directs DHS to pursue cybersecurity projects that will  improve detection, mitigation, and recovery from attacks and bolster  the security and resilience of our networks, particularly for critical  infrastructure.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation to ensure that DHS does its part to advance cybersecurity  research and development.   Cybersecurity threats to our Nation are growing in diversity and  sophistication. We cannot afford to let promising technologies  languish.   The Department of Homeland Security should work with the private  sector in support of innovative cybersecurity research, development,  testing, and evaluation. We have seen that public-private collaboration  can give these technologies the boost they need to enter the market.  Just last month, DHS announced the commercialization of an eight  cybersecurity product launched with the help of the Department's  Transition to Practice program.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 239.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R.  240, the Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2017, and I yield  myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am a cosponsor of this measure, as I was for its  predecessor last Congress. Last June, the House approved this measure  by a 347-8 vote. This bipartisan bill directs the Department of  Homeland Security to engage small businesses, startup companies, and  other developers of innovative and emerging technologies to tackle some  of our most vexing, persistent homeland security challenges.   It is no secret that navigating the Federal procurement process is  difficult, especially for small startups. Meanwhile, small companies  continue to develop some of the most innovative technological solutions  in use today. They are a huge source of untapped potential, capable of  bringing forward-thinking, groundbreaking ideas to the homeland  security enterprise.   To build these relationships, H.R. 240 allows DHS to establish  personnel and office space in areas around the U.S. where technology  innovators are concentrated. Having a physical presence in these tech  hubs will make it easier for DHS to grow and maintain connections with  local startups, innovators, and incubators. The Department has already  taken action in this regard.   In 2015, the DHS Science and Technology Directorate established a  Silicon Valley office and announced its first-ever procurement focused  on working with nontraditional contractors and tech startups. The DHS  innovation ``other transaction'' solution sought technologies to  address security challenges in aviation, border, and cybersecurity.   To date, under this program, DHS has funded awards to 13 small  businesses in California, Texas, Georgia, Massachusetts, and Washington  State. Additionally, DHS has reached out to technology innovators at  regional events in Boston, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, New Orleans,  Chicago, Louisville and Austin, raising awareness with more than 1,500  startups, accelerators, and venture capitalists through industry days,  panels, conferences, and startup meetups. The feedback has been very  positive, but it has also validated the need to educate the community  about who DHS is and what the challenges are.   Mr. Speaker, for those reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this  bipartisan legislation.   H.R. 240 recognizes that DHS depends on technology to carry out its  missions, and must nurture and maintain robust and direct relationships  with talented technology developers, even those that do not fit the  mold of the typical Federal contractor.   DHS could improve the productivity and sustainability of these  outreach efforts by developing a strategy to proactively engage with  innovators in a way that supports long-term relationships. H.R. 240  calls for such a strategy to be delivered to Congress and implemented  within 6 months.   Two features of that strategy required under this bill that I would  like to highlight are provisions that I sponsored. One requires the  strategy to give attention to fostering engagement with developers that  may be located outside a recognized regional technology hub. The other  directs the strategy to include coordination with venture capital  organizations, like the In-Q-Tel nonprofit, to help emerging technology  developers, including small businesses and startup ventures,  commercialize technologies that address a rapidly growing list of  homeland security needs.   Mr. Speaker, for all of the reasons discussed, I urge support of H.R.  240.   I yield back the balance of my time.   