 I thank my colleague.   Mr. President, I rise to speak about what the Senior Senator from  Virginia just spoke about, and that is the miners' healthcare. We have  complete action at long last. This should have been done in December,  when we were pleading with the majority leader at the time to get it  done then.   But we are happy we are at this point now, where one of two--one  promise has been fulfilled, and that is the promise of permanent,  guaranteed healthcare for thousands, tens of thousands of miners across  the country. In my home State, the last count was 1,955. Let's round it  off to 2,000--a lot of families. We are grateful we are at this point.   I do want to reiterate what Senator Warner said about our colleague  from West Virginia, Senator Manchin. He is right. Joe Manchin brought  this up at every meeting over the course of many, many months and  several years. We are grateful for the leadership he demonstrated and  grateful that he kept us all focused. I thank all of our colleagues who  worked on this.   I think, initially, going back years ago, before Senator Manchin was  in the Senate, Senator Rockefeller was raising this issue. This really  has been around a long time--for at least 5 years. We heard this  morning from Cecil Roberts, president of the United Mine Workers of  America, who talked about this 5-year fight.   I commend and salute Senator Manchin. I also thank the committee  dynamic here, the Finance Committee--several members on the committee-- with Senator Wyden helping us get this bill, the Miners Protection Act,  through the Senate Finance Committee and the leadership of Senator  Schumer, as well, in focusing our caucus on getting this done.   I just want to make two additional points. One is a negative note,  but I think it is important to point this out. There was a story  yesterday in the publication, ThinkProgress. Here is what the headline  was: ``Trump administration admits it used miners' healthcare as a  bargaining chip.'' That was the headline. Then the subheadline was:  ``Coal miners were just pawns in a larger game.'' That is what the  headline and subheadline said.   I am not sure I have read a more disturbing headline in a long time,  where the healthcare of coal miners--retired coal miners, who were  promised this decades ago, would be used as pawns in a debate about a  spending bill. Unfortunately, that is at least what has been reported.  I hope we don't ever see a headline like that again.   Going forward, the problem for us now is, as much as we are happy  about this current result on healthcare, we still have a lot of work to  do for miners, especially when it comes to their pensions. That is the  second half of the promise.   So I remind everyone again, these miners kept their promise. They  kept their promise to their company to work in the darkness and danger  of a coal mine, sometimes for decades, not just years. They kept their  promise to their families to support them in the most difficult job  imaginable. And many of them have served in combat or served in the  military, in one war or another. They kept their promise to their  country. It is time we fulfill the entire promise, and that means  getting pensions done as well.   We are grateful to be part of this, and let's keep the momentum going  for pensions for all of the retired miners.   I yield the floor.   