 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to speak about the nomination of Pam  Patenaude to be Deputy Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban  Development. Ms. Patenaude comes to this nomination with valuable  experience in the field of housing and community development and a  history of affordable housing advocacy. In her previous work at HUD,  she helped administer the Department's disaster relief efforts  following Hurricane Katrina.   While I don't agree with Ms. Patenaude on every element of housing  policy, I respect her experience, and I respect her government service  in her recent work to raise awareness about the affordable housing  shortage facing so many families.   I agreed with her in her testimony in front of the Banking Committee  that ``as a nation we must recognize that housing is not just a  commodity but a foundation for economic mobility and personal growth.''  That is why I was so troubled that during her nomination hearing, Ms.  Patenaude defended the administration's terrible budget for the agency  she has been nominated to help lead. The President would cut more than  $7 billion, 15 percent, from HUD's budget, right in the midst of a  shortage of affordable housing, about which she so articulately spoke.  This budget cut  [[Page S5730]]  would eliminate programs like community development block grants and  the HOME Program. These grants help our cities and small towns repair  their infrastructure, retrofit homes for seniors and people with  disabilities, combat homelessness among families, veterans, and people  struggling with mental illness and substance abuse.   Just last week, Congress approved new CDBG funds to speed up disaster  recovery assistance to communities upended by Hurricanes Harvey and  Irma. Ms. Patenaude came in front of this committee and defended those  budget cuts--programs for which she has advocated but doing,  apparently, the dirty work for the administration and for the HUD  Secretary, she agreed with this budget.   This budget would devastate public housing. It would cut funding for  major repairs by some 70 percent. Again, in the face of substandard  housing, unavailable shortages of affordable housing, it would cut  funding for repairs by 70 percent, and it would expose more families to  poor building conditions and health hazards.   I have told this story before on the floor. My wife and I live in  Cleveland, OH, in ZIP Code 44105. Ten years ago, in 2007, that ZIP Code  had more foreclosures than any ZIP Code in the United States of  America. Within a not very great distance from my home, there is block  after block of homes that are in need of repair--rentals and people  living in homes they own--far too much devastation, crying out for some  help from this HUD budget. Yet this administration turns their back on  them.   It reduces funding for lead hazard control and healthy housing  grants. Secretary Carson, whom I voted for--and not many Democrats  did--I voted for him because he is a neurosurgeon. He didn't know much  about housing when he took this job, but he knew about lead paint and  what the exposure to lead meant to babies and infants. Yet this budget  cuts lead hazard control.   I know, in my city, the public health department has said that in the  old sections in my city of Cleveland, where homes are generally 60, 70,  80 years old, virtually almost every single home has high toxic levels  of lead. Do we not care about what we sentence the next generation of  children to by doing nothing about the lead-based paint around the  windows, the lead around the pipes? All of that we have a moral  responsibility to do something about.   These cuts to HUD programs have generated bipartisan concern about  their effects on our communities, including concerns raised, in fact,  by Republican members of the Banking Committee.   I am voting against Ms. Patenaude's nomination because I can't  support the direction the President's budget proposes for HUD, proposes  for housing, proposes for our communities, and proposes for our  country. She has pledged allegiance--in spite of her background, her  skills, and her advocacy inside and outside the Department since, she  has pledged allegiance to that disastrous vision and those horrible  budget cuts to HUD.   I hope she uses her experience and knowledge to convince others in  the administration of the importance of the Federal Government's role  in housing and community development.   Too often, in this administration, we see officials who come to their  agencies with valuable experience and they quickly set it aside to push  an agenda that does not serve working families in Appalachia, OH, and  inner-city Ohio, in inner-ring suburbs, and affluent suburbs.   We have two very visible crises; one on the gulf coast and one  stretching from Florida to the Virgin Islands, which we absolutely must  tackle. We have a less visible crisis as well--not because of flooding  or hurricanes but because decent affordable housing is beyond the reach  of more and more Americans.   Ms. Patenaude is intelligent. She has good insight. She knows this.  She knows in her heart what this budget would mean to a whole lot of  Americans who work full time, who have generally low incomes--$8, $10,  $12 an hour--who simply can't find affordable, clean decent housing.  Her support for that budget will make the problem worse, and it is very  troubling. I ask my colleagues to vote no on her nomination.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.   