 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss an issue of  extraordinary importance to the people of Louisiana and to many  Americans. Yet again, Americans are witnessing a dramatic, rumor-filled  guessing game. I am not talking about the latest new release from  Netflix, I am talking about the reauthorization of the extremely  important National Flood Insurance Program--we call it the NFIP, which  I can assure you has played more like an episode of ``Veep'' than  ``House of Cards'' for the audience that watches it unfold every few  years.   I am sorry to say, Congress has repeatedly and consistently mangled  the reauthorization of this essential Federal program. In 2010, the  NFIP expired four times--not once, not twice but four times, for a  total of 53 days, which injected uncertainty throughout a fragile  housing market that had just been devastated 2 years previously.   That was inexcusable. Local economies felt the sting of 1,400 home  closing delays or cancellations per day that the program was expired.  Now, along with many of the program's stakeholders and participants, I  believe it is crucial that we avoid this type of congressionally  imposed delay.   Congress should extend the program. Let me say that again. Congress  should extend the National Flood Insurance Program for a multiyear  reauthorization before the September 30 deadline of this year. Our  economy demands it. Many Americans may remember when the Biggert-Waters  Flood Insurance Reform Act was signed into law in 2012. I was not in  the Senate then. I was State Treasurer in Louisiana, but I certainly  remember it.   In an effort to bring the program closer to solvency after Superstorm  Sandy, policyholders, as a result of Biggert-Waters, saw their premiums  quickly rise to ``actuarial levels.'' For policyholders in my home  State of Louisiana, this meant unaffordable levels. It doesn't do any  good to offer  [[Page S2662]]  Americans insurance they cannot afford. That is what Biggert-Waters  did, just like the Affordable Care Act.   FEMA's mishandling of Biggert-Waters implementation resulted in truly  inaccurate rate hikes that placed the viability of the entire National  Flood Insurance Program at risk. I even remember the local news  stations in Louisiana, like WWL and WBRZ, broadcasting horror stories  of exponential rate hikes as a result of Biggert-Waters, hitting  hardest in South Louisiana's middle-class neighborhoods.   Residents of St. Charles Parish and Lafourche Parish--in my State we  call our counties parishes. We are the only one in America, only State  in America, Louisiana, that does it. We do it right. Everybody else  does it wrong. I remember residents of St. Charles Parish and Lafourche  Parish sending in copies of their house keys to congressional  representatives to give to FEMA because they could not afford the flood  insurance.   They were required to carry it. Therefore, they were just going to  turn their home over. This was a sign that the government might as well  take their homes because the insurance rates were so unaffordable.   In this way, Biggert-Waters also made their homes unsalable. Going  forward with the extension of the National Flood Insurance Program, we  have to find a way to deal with the solvency of the NFIP that is  responsible. At the same time, we cannot move the program from red to  black entirely on the backs of policyholders. It just will not work.   What do we need to do? We need to examine how FEMA spends every  single dollar of premiums paid by policyholders into the system--every  single dollar. We need to find solutions to improve the functionality  and efficiency of the National Flood Insurance Program and to ensure  that those who are mandated to carry flood insurance actually purchase  flood insurance.   It is clear to the policyholders in Louisiana that the NFIP has to do  a better job also in one other respect. That is by giving our local  officials a seat at the table. It is not written in the Constitution  that flood policy and flood mapping has to originate and end with the  Federal bureaucracy in Washington, DC.   In fact, flood mapping and flood policy will benefit from having our  local officials participate with a seat at the table. Our local levee  boards and levee districts in Louisiana, along with the families who  have lived on the land being insured for generations, know every single  ditch, every single drainage canal from St. Tammany Parish to  Terrebonne Parish. The NFIP bureaucrats ought to be asking them for  guidance when rewriting flood maps and flood policy, not the other way  around.   Instead, our folks only get invited to the dance after all the  decisions have been made in Washington, when the cow is already out of  the barn. I believe this is a commonsense principle that ought to be  included in legislation to ultimately extend and reform the program:  give our local officials who know the land best a seat at the table,  not perfunctory, a real seat at the table, to contribute to flood  mapping and flood policy. The NFIP will be better for it.   FEMA's mission, as we all know, is to lead America, to prepare for,  prevent, respond to, and recover from disaster. That is why FEMA  exists. The flood program is an extension of that mission. That is why,  when consultants who work for FEMA--I am talking about contractors, I  am talking about engineers, I am talking about lawyers, consultants who  spend taxpayer money and are paid with taxpayer money working for FEMA,  both contractors and subcontractors, if you wish to call them that,  with the National Flood Insurance Program's Write Your Own Program,  lose focus sometimes in helping flood victims.   Let me say that again. We spend millions of taxpayer dollars through  the National Flood Insurance Program paying consultants, contractors,  lawyers, engineers to help administer the program and adjust claims.  When it works, it is a beautiful thing. When it doesn't work, it is an  unmitigated disaster and is unfair to every taxpayer who put up his or  her hard-earned money and every policyholder of the National Flood  Insurance Program. On occasions it has not worked.   The vast majority of consultants do a fine job, but some don't. Those  who have abused the program should be fired. That is why I am  introducing a bill. It is called the National Flood Insurance Program  Consultant Accountability Act. It is real simple. It will give the FEMA  Administrator the authority to fire any consultant, contractor, lawyer,  engineer, whomever, who engage in conduct detrimental to the mission of  the National Flood Insurance Program.   The bill will be fair. It will have an appeals process to ensure that  good consultants are not penalized for being falsely accused, but this  is a simple, commonsense reform that frankly should have been put in  place years ago. If a consultant commits activity that in the opinion  of the FEMA Administrator is detrimental to a program--for example, if  he falsifies an engineering report that shows flooding caused the  insured's damage, if he falsifies a report to say it didn't cause  damage--then that consultant should be fired. This bill is going to  give the FEMA Administrator the authority to do it.   I believe the proper tools are not in place to hold government  accountants accountable and to throw out bad actors. They are just not.  During the Sandy recovery, major media reports claimed several firms  actually altered engineering reports tied to flood insurance claims.  The altered reports--engineering reports that originally said a flood  caused the insured's damage and therefore the insured should be paid,  those engineering reports were altered to say flooding did not  contribute to the damage.   These altered reports--intentionally altered--cost families the  insurance payments they deserved and delayed their recovery. These were  Americans who did the right thing. They bought flood insurance, and  because of some consultants working for the NFIP, they were not  allowed, at least initially, to recover. Only one engineering company  was actually convicted of wrongdoing, but a number participated. Many  of those who participated in this tomfoolery are still participating in  the program and are still receiving taxpayer funding to contract with  FEMA.    On March 14, the head of FEMA's National Flood Insurance Program, Mr.  Roy Wright, testified before the Banking Committee, on which I sit. He  has testified that he can only fire contractors from participating in  the National Flood Insurance Program if they are debarred, disbarred,  or criminally convicted. He can't just pick up the phone and correct  the situation.   If he sees a consultant misbehaving, not acting in the best interest  of the National Flood Insurance Program or the insured or the American  taxpayer, he can't do a doggone thing about it, according to Mr.  Wright's testimony, unless they are actually criminally convicted or  disbarred, if they happen to be a lawyer.   This bill is going to let the FEMA Administrator do something about  it. There is nothing like a good firing every now and then to shake up  an organization.   The NFIP is responsible for administering insurance payouts for the  29,600 flood insurance claims--30,000 flood insurance claims--in my  State submitted for the historic, ``once in a thousand years'' flood  that occurred in Louisiana last August and last March.   FEMA and its consultants and its contractors will be aiding in paying  out, I hope, more than $2.4 billion in taxpayer money. Louisiana's  insured and the American taxpayers need to know that these consultants  can be trusted and are highly regarded by their peers.   As a member of the Senate Banking Committee, I plan to include this  bill and other types of commonsense reforms during the reauthorization  process of the National Flood Insurance Program, and I hope to do so on  a bipartisan basis.   I encourage my colleagues not to play politics with this legislation.  I encourage my colleagues not to play politics with the National Flood  Insurance Program. It is central to the success of the American  economy.   Let's try to work to avoid partisan battles and develop a National  Flood Insurance Program that makes sense for the policyholders and for  the American taxpayer.  [[Page S2663]]    I am not naive. I know that different coalitions and special interest  groups, armed with their lobbyists, descend on the Hill. I hope we  won't forget the people back home--in my hometown and in the Presiding  Officer's hometown--who will feel the repercussions of our legislative  actions with respect to this important program.   I am very much looking forward to working with my colleagues on the  Banking Committee to make this a successful reauthorization of the  National Flood Insurance Program for the 5.5 million Americans who rely  on it.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). The Senator from Arkansas.   