 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of  amendment No. 2 to the Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017,  offered by my friend, Representative Babin of Texas.   My colleague's amendment, of which I am a cosponsor, is a commonsense  addition to this important piece of legislation, which will allow the  government to take more reasonable steps to mitigate the damages of  flooding and hurricanes.   Mr. Chairman, I participated in rescue operations in Texas in the  immediate wake of Hurricane Harvey. The last rescue I personally  responded to was early on Friday, around 1 or 2 in the morning, less  than 2 days after Harvey's landfall.   The elderly gentleman we rescued told me something I will never  forget. With tears in his eyes, he said: Sir, I have lived in my home  since 1968 and it never flooded. In 50 years, I have seen this much  water fall, but I have never seen this much water rise.   Mr. Chairman, no one in this body batted an eye when we approved  hundreds of billions of dollars in emergency appropriations relief to  the victims of this year's hurricane season. It is time we as the  people's House move past the reactionary era of addressing the need to  repeal and rebuild after natural disasters and start focusing on  proactive solutions to mitigate potential damage before natural  disasters.   A proactive spirit should be fully implemented in our regulations and  how we invest in infrastructure. If we had invested, over the last few  decades, just a small percentage of the people's treasure that we have  granted postdisaster as emergency relief appropriations into  premitigation efforts, such as the cleaning and maintenance of our  existing water management systems, both natural and man-made, much of  the resulting damage would not have occurred and many fewer American  families would have suffered.   Representative Babin's amendment will allow a procedural tool for the  FERC to review licenses for any project located in a region declared by  the President to be a disaster area, which will allow us to better and  more strategically manage our dams, floodgates, and reservoirs when we  know storms like Hurricane Harvey are imminent.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman Babin for introducing this  amendment, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this commonsense solution, as well as the underlying bill.   