 Mr. President, I thank Senator Rounds, and I appreciate  all my colleagues coming down to the floor. A lot of my colleagues are  from the class of 2014.   Mr. President, there has been a theme in this colloquy. We have been  talking about economic growth and about this challenge of what I have  been referring to as a lost decade of economic growth. When talking  about tax reform, we have to go back through the history and see what  is meant by a lost decade.   I have been coming down to the floor for a couple of years now with  this chart. This chart says a lot. This chart looks at the history of  the United States and where we have been with regard to economic  growth. It is bipartisan--Democratic and Republican administrations-- showing decade after decade, starting with Presidents Eisenhower,  Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, and what this chart states is that right now,  something is wrong.   When we talk about GDP growth, GDP growth is a proxy for the health  of the economy. Unfortunately, we have had a sick economy. GDP growth  is a proxy for the American dream, and unfortunately I think that a lot  of people over the last 10 years started to worry about whether it was  something that can be obtained.   Let's look at the chart. Every administration, Democratic or  Republican, shows strong levels of growth. My colleagues were talking  about at least 3 percent or higher since the Great Depression. Some of  these years, during Kennedy and Johnson, right here, the red line is at  3 percent, which is not great, but it is pretty good. Looking at Reagan  and Carter, there were years in which we were growing at 4, 5, 6, and 7  percent.   The pages are looking at this chart, and they don't even know what  that means. They don't know what that means because of what has  happened over the last 12 years. Boom. Look at this. Everything is  under 3 percent for the entire Obama administration years. It never hit  3 percent GDP growth--not once.   We want to talk about what makes America great. If we want to see  what makes America great, look at these years of growth. It doesn't  matter whether it was Democratic or Republican--3, 4, 5, 8 percent  during the Johnson administration. Now look--3 percent.   What is surprising to me is that nobody talks about this issue.  Nobody talks about this issue of a lost decade of growth. Certainly,  unfortunately, my colleagues--I have been here 3 years. I don't think I  have heard my colleagues once come down to the Senate floor and say:  Holy cow, we have to fix this lost decade of growth, this sick economy.  The proxy for the American dream is going away, and nobody talks about  it.   Former Senator and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently wrote  a book titled ``What Happened.'' Well, I think what happened is that  there has been no growth for over 10 years, and nobody was talking  about it. I think a lot of people in this country said: I am not going  to throw away the American dream.   I believe in the American dream. The American dream means we have to  start growing at traditional levels of U.S. economic growth, at least  above this depicted red line of 3 percent. I am optimistic because  right now, for the first time in a long time, this body is very focused  on this issue with policies that will hopefully get us there, including  tax reform, regulatory reform, taking advantage of our huge energy  opportunities, and many other measures. That is why this discussion and  this debate we are having now with regard to tax reform is so  critical--tax relief for middle-class families, tax relief for small  businesses. And this bill, as we have heard, has many provisions that  we think are going to help jump-start this economy and get us back to  at least 3 percent growth, at least this number where the red line is  that we haven't seen in well over a decade.   The kinds of policies that we are pursuing now, that the White House  is focused on--tax reform, energy, permitting reform--I would think and  hope that every Member of this body views this as probably the most  important thing we can do--growing the U.S. economy with policies that  have widespread support across the country. They certainly have support  in my State of Alaska.   I am also optimistic because the Trump administration is off to a  good start. This chart goes to the end of the Obama administration, and  we can see that we never came even close to 3 percent. But the last two  quarters of 2017,  [[Page S7241]]  we actually hit 3 percent--3.1 percent and 3 percent. We are off to a  decent start.   But this body must do much more, and I am hopeful that my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle will come down and talk about how  important this is because every American agrees with this. Growing the  economy again and tax reform are going to be critical components of  getting us there.   I say to Senator Rounds, I appreciate the opportunity to say a few  words on this important topic. We will be down here again, but growth,  growth, growth has to be what we are focused on.   