 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I want to thank my colleagues: Congressman  Beyer, Congressman Langevin, Congresswoman Bonamici, Congressman  Keating, Congressman Ted Lieu, and Congressman Schneider, who are  cosponsors of this amendment.   This amendment would strike the harmful provision that prevents  implementation of the National Ocean Policy. The National Ocean Policy  has helped guide ocean management for over 7 years. NOP offers an  opportunity to develop commonsense tools to manage the ocean economy.  The Regional Ocean Council allows States throughout the Northeast to  pool resources, strengthen the voice of businessowners, and facilitate  coordination with Federal partners.   The National Ocean Policy allows Federal agencies to coordinate  implementation of over 100 ocean laws and allows State and local  governments to have a say in the ocean planning process.   My home State of Rhode Island, the Ocean State, has benefited greatly  from the National Ocean Policy, and I want to take a moment to  acknowledge the extraordinary leadership of my colleague, Senator  Sheldon Whitehouse, who has championed this effort.   As one example, with help from the National Ocean Policy, the Block  Island Wind Farm was successfully completed and today is powering an  estimated 17,000 homes.  [[Page H7038]]    The Northeast depends on clean water for fishing, shipping,  recreation, and tourism. Estuaries like Narragansett Bay, Cape Cod Bay,  Buzzards Bay, and Long Island Sound need relevant data on water quality  to guide future decisions and management actions. It is a terrible idea  to undermine the development of good ocean policy and efforts to  protect water quality.   The National Ocean Policy does not create any new regulations,  supersede existing regulations, or modify any agency's established  mission, jurisdiction, or authority. Instead, it helps to coordinate  the implementation of current regulations by Federal agencies to  establish a more effective and efficient decisionmaking process.   NOP gives life to a vision of stewardship through the thoughtful  implementation of regulations and coordination in protecting our  treasured oceans.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to  strike this ill-advised provision.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have?    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from the great State of Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin), my distinguished  senior colleague.    Mr. Chair, I yield 45 seconds to the distinguished  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Schneider).    Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the  distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Bishop).   