 Mr. President, I thank our colleague from Oklahoma for  his remarks.   Once again, he has talked about some commonsense solutions to our tax  challenges in the United States today.   At this time, I recognize Senator Cassidy, of Louisiana, for his  thoughts concerning what we have to do to fix our tax challenges within  our country.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Cassidy for his words.   Senator Cassidy is also a Member of what we call our bear den, the  class of 2014. He came here with the idea of getting things done.   Another Member of the class of 2014 who is with us today is the  Senator from Alaska, Mr. Sullivan. Senator Sullivan comes with a fine  and distinguished career in his having worked in the U.S. military, but  he also has a strong interest in seeing economic development in the  United States continue. He recognizes the need for tax relief.   At this time, I turn to Senator Sullivan.    Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to  thank Senator Sullivan from Alaska. Once again, he comes in from the  class of 2014.   We have a specific request to basically talk about what we see as  being the appropriate way in which we create a healthy economy.   I see that our colleague from Iowa has arrived, and if our colleague  from Iowa, Senator Ernst, would care to speak, we would love to have  her do that as well.   Part of what Senator Sullivan has shared with us today is the move to  get back to a growth of 3 percent, and in doing so, not only does that  begin to move back into what most Americans would consider to be a  healthy economy in which they can actually see their own families doing  better, but we will also see better movement in terms of shortfalls in  revenues coming into the Federal Government.   With that, let me welcome to the floor Senator Ernst of Iowa, who  also is a Member of the class of 2014.   Senator Ernst.    Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to  express my appreciation to the Senator from Iowa for her remarks. Once  again, we call this midwestern common sense.   Let me finish this colloquy today with a few thoughts.   First of all, we want tax reform, but what we want first is a  healthier economy. That is what the people of the United States want.  They want the ability to compete. Over the last 10 years, there have  been 4,700 businesses that have left our shores and moved overseas. The  reason is that they can survive better by leaving our country and going  someplace else because of the tax consequences of doing so.   When we talk about the direction in which we want to go in this  country, we want the people of America to understand that our goal with  this entire package is to make things better for the American public.  That means a healthier economy for them. It also means, by doing so,  that they will see the bottom line in their own pockets--more money  that they can spend that otherwise would go to the Federal Government.   At the same time, businesses that may have left and taken their jobs  and the opportunities to invest their dollars--we want them back in the  United States again, hiring more people and paying better wages. We  think that over the last 10 years, the American public hasn't seen  those higher wages because the competition for jobs has moved offshore  into other parts of the world where there is a more competitive tax  climate.   There is something else we have to point out. We recognize at the  Federal level that we have a deficit and that we have not been able to  break that deficit.   Today we have a deficit that is in excess of $500 billion. Out of the  $4.1 trillion in total payments that are out there, that we spend on an  annual basis, our omnibus bill, as we call it--that is for the defense  and nondefense discretionary side of the formula--we vote on $1.1  trillion of the $4 trillion. There is about $3 trillion that is  automatic, that is on auto pilot--Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security,  interest on the debt.   If we want to close that gap, then we have to see an economy which is  growing, an economy which can support the programs that we believe are  necessary, the safety nets that we in America have decided are very  appropriate for those who have no place else to go. If we want to close  the deficit, we need to have more revenues coming in. The only way we  can pick up more revenues is by having an economy that is strong enough  to support that.   By actually reducing taxes, we bring in more businesses, and those  businesses will make more profits. We are able to lower the rate of tax  on profits, and that is returned to the American people in a number of  ways--a lower tax burden through lower personal income taxes and  through subchapter C and S corporations, through lower business taxes.   Finally and just as importantly, in terms of how we support the  operations of government, we support that because with a growing  economy, the revenue coming from that growing economy can be utilized  to eliminate the debt, which is a threat to our national defense.   Mr. President, at this time, I thank my colleagues who have patiently  worked their way through this process. I also thank the Senator from  Colorado for beginning this colloquy.   I yield the floor.   