 Mr. President, what is the pending business?    Mr. President, I rise in support of the nomination of  Scott Pruitt.    I am delighted to yield.    Mr. President, I am delighted to rise this afternoon in  support of Scott Pruitt, nominated for EPA Administrator, and to  congratulate the leadership of this Senate and the administration for  persevering on this nomination to the point where we will get a vote  tomorrow afternoon and I think be able to end the week on a positive  note.   My good friend, the Senator from North Dakota, had just called for a  good bipartisan day on the Senate floor, and I support many of the  remarks she made in that regard. I would hope we could begin having  some good bipartisan days with regard to the administration's  nominations for these important positions.   Sadly, it looks as though we will not have a bipartisan vote for  Scott Pruitt. He will be confirmed but not nearly with the vote he  should receive from Members on both sides of the aisle who know that  there has been extreme overreach on the part of the EPA leadership  under the Obama administration. The EPA needs a change in direction,  and they need to become more sensible with regard to stopping  pollution, while at the same time being friendly on job creation. So we  will get this nomination finished tomorrow and we will have a good  Administrator, but regrettably it will not be on a very bipartisan  basis.   This is the Scott Pruitt whom I have had a chance to learn about  since he was nominated in January.   The Scott Pruitt I have had a chance to learn about took on the  polluters as attorney general for his State of Oklahoma and finalized  multistate agreements to limit pollution, and he did so working with  Democrats and working with Republicans on a bipartisan basis across the  political spectrum. I think we need that sort of person as EPA  Administrator. Scott Pruitt negotiated a water rights settlement with  the tribes to preserve scenic lakes and rivers, and I think he is to be  congratulated on that, not scolded. He stood up to oil companies and  gas companies as attorney general for the State of Oklahoma and  challenged them when they were polluting his State's air and water.  Then--something I applaud--when the EPA overstepped its bounds and its  mission and ceased to follow the law, he challenged the EPA. I submit  to my colleagues that that is exactly the sort of balance we need to  return to as Administrator of the EPA.   In the hearing, which was rather extraordinary because of its length,  Attorney General Pruitt demonstrated his knowledge, he demonstrated his  intellect, and he demonstrated his patience. He was available all day  long--an extraordinarily long hearing--answered more than 200 questions  propounded at the hearing, and then beyond that he has now answered  more than 1,000 questions for the record. Yet, in spite of this, it is  disappointing that some of my colleagues, some of my friends on the  other side of the aisle, have taken not only to disparaging his  qualifications and his suitability for this position but also engaged  in a slow-walking process designed to keep this nomination from even  coming forward.   Every Democrat boycotted the committee meeting that was called to  report this nomination to the floor so that we could even have an up- or-down vote. They walked out of the meeting. This is the sort of  tactic we were able to overcome on a parliamentary basis, but it has  given us what we now know is the slowest confirmation process in 225  years. The only President to have a slower confirmation process was the  one who was getting it all kicked off to start with; George  Washington's was a bit slower. We will see. Maybe if this keeps going,  we could surpass the slowness of the confirmation process that occurred  for our first President.   We need a change at EPA. The American people are ready for a change  at EPA. We need an EPA Administrator who will listen to the  environmentalists but also listen to the job creators. This means  listening to the election but moving past the election and getting on  to filling the positions that are  [[Page S1244]]  important to Americans, such as the EPA Administrator.   Most Americans believe we can protect the environment and still  protect job creators, and so does Attorney General Scott Pruitt. Most  Americans believe we can have clean air and water without destroying  thousands upon thousands of jobs for Americans. That is what I believe.  That is what Scott Pruitt believes.   I would quote from a recent op-ed in the Wall Street Journal which  William McGurn wrote in support of Mr. Pruitt but also generally in  support of other nominations. With regard to Pruitt, Mr. McGurn says  this: ``The fierce opposition to Mr. Pruitt speaks to the progressive  fear that he might help restore not only science to its rightful place  but also federalism.'' I think that is what Scott Pruitt is going to be  about when he is confirmed tomorrow and finally gets down to working  for us, the taxpayers, as Administrator of EPA.   This is about the 1-month mark in this administration, and we are  slowly getting past this unprecedented slow-walk effort by our  colleagues. I certainly hope that with the 1,100 other appointments  that have to be submitted and have to be spoken to by this Senate, we  can hasten the process so we can pass legislation and be about the  business our constituents sent us here to do.   Approving Attorney General Scott Pruitt will allow us to move forward  with the people's business with a man who has demonstrated courtesy,  intelligence, patience, and professionalism, and I will be honored to  be one of those voting yes tomorrow when we confirm this outstanding  candidate as EPA Administrator.   I thank the Chair.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   