 Mr. President, last week, I spoke with a very brave  mother. She had endured what not one of us ever wants to have to endure  while she watched her child go through cancer, over and over and over  again. That mother is Elaine Geller from my State of Florida. I want to  show you her daughter. This is her daughter Megan. She was working as a  kindergarten teacher when she was diagnosed with leukemia in 2013 at  the age of 26. At the time Megan was admitted to the hospital, her  blood count was four. She had pneumonia, and she had water on her  heart.    She ultimately checked into one of the very good cancer centers at  the University of Miami, and she stayed there for 7 months. She went  through the regimen of chemo. She spent months in the hospital,  receiving multiple rounds of chemo, biopsies, and various other  treatments. Eventually, Megan's doctor told her she had to have a  transplant, which required a $150,000 upfront payment. I think you see  where I am going with this story. Very few families would be able to  afford a 150-grand payment, especially a single mother.   I heard this story last week from Megan's mother. She said that  thanks to the Affordable Care Act, she didn't have to write a check for  the transplant. In fact, she didn't have that money. Because that  transplant was provided for under the Affordable Care Act coverage, she  knew that was one worry that could be taken off of her mind. She had  enough to worry about as a mother, what she should be doing in such a  situation, and of course she wanted to give all of her attention to her  daughter.   The cancer went into remission after the transplant; however, after  leaving the hospital, 63 days later, the cancer came back. This time,  they went to MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. I asked the mom why  she wanted to do that. She said: ``When your child is dying, there's  nothing that you won't do.'' I think all of us as parents can identify  with that, but we are so very fortunate that we haven't had to go  through it.   Maybe, as we get ready to vote on this healthcare bill, on the  Republican alternative--which, by the way, just came out of CBO today-- the Congressional Budget Office--and they said that if the Senate bill  were enacted, 22 million people would lose health insurance coverage.  Remember, that is not too much different from what CBO said when the  House bill was passed a couple of months ago, the bill to which there  has been such a negative reaction. CBO said that 23 million people in  this country would lose their coverage as a result of the House bill.  We just got the score from CBO minutes ago. Twenty-two million people.  Is that the direction we want to be going in?   Megan is still going through treatment, and the cancer was only in  remission for 32 days before it came back again. Megan received  multiple blood transfusions. Remember, this is a single mom trying to  keep her daughter, a schoolteacher in her twenties, alive. This time,  all of the blood transfusions started to take another toll on Megan.  She became so weak. When trying to walk, she faltered, she fell, she  hit her head, and at age 28, she passed away.   Let's get to the bottom line of this discussion, other than that our  hearts go out to all the Megans all across America. The bottom line is,  that whole treatment over 2 years cost $8 million. There was not a cap  on the total amount of money that could be paid under the existing law,  the Affordable Care Act. An insurance company cannot put a cap on the  amount of your medical bills that can be reimbursed. Suppose before the  ACA that cap was $50,000. This single mom could not even have come up  with money for the initial transplant, which looked as though it worked  and did work for several months. In fact, $8 million over time--2  years--how in the world could any one of us afford that?   A lot of people say: Well, the ACA isn't doing it. Well, why don't we  all get together in a bipartisan way and fix it? And one of the fixes  would be, because certain healthcare problems, like Megan's, cause the  insurance company to pay out a lot of money--do you know what we can do  about it? We can create a reinsurance fund, which is a bill that I had  filed, and it is to reinsure against that catastrophic healthcare  problem like Megan's of $8 million, to reinsure the insurance company.  Do you know what that would do in the State of Florida, if we passed  this as a fix to the ACA? It would lower the premiums in the ACA in  Florida 13 percent. That is reinsurance.   It is not unlike what we have done for hurricanes. A catastrophic  hurricane could cost so much more than the insurance company has assets  for, and therefore they buy insurance from a company like Lloyd's of  London or other reinsurance companies. They buy insurance in case of a  catastrophe--the insurance company does that. If an insurance company  did not have to pay out this $8 million because it had insured against  that kind of catastrophic loss, everybody else's premiums are going to  come down. Otherwise, they have to make premiums actuarially sound, and  they have to raise them in order to take care of the cases that are  prohibitively expensive.   All of this sounds down in the weeds, but the bottom line is this: If  we want to fix the ACA, we can fix it, but we can't do it one party  against the other. We have to have the will to come together in a  bipartisan agreement to fix it.   Of course, if the mom of this girl had been faced with this without  insurance coverage, she would be bankrupt. She wouldn't have been able  to even afford the first transplant, much less the 2 years of extra  life her daughter had while fighting for her life. Anybody who goes  through something like Elaine and her daughter Megan did knows that  every second counts.   That is what this healthcare debate is about--giving people peace of  mind, giving them that financial security, that certainty, putting  people's health ahead of other things, such as company profits. You can  do it all and solve everybody's problem, including the insurance  company's, which obviously is in business to make a profit. You can do  it.   Elaine said her daughter would be proud to know that we are telling  that story today. It matters. It matters to her, albeit deceased. It  certainly matters to her mom. It matters to their Senator. It matters  to a lot of other people.   The ACA, the existing law--the one there was such a fractious fight  over 5 to 7 years ago--is working. Here is a good example. Then we see  that the aim of our friends on that side of the aisle is--they want to  repeal it. They don't want anything that has the taint of ObamaCare,  and so they concoct something in the House. You see what kind of  greeting that has gotten in the country. I think it was in the upper  teens--a poll that showed it was viewed favorably. In other words, it  is viewed very unfavorably.   In order for the Senate majority leader to come up with something  that he can repeal ObamaCare with, in the dead of night, in secret-- even the Republican Senators didn't know what it  [[Page S3749]]  was until they hatched it in the public last Friday. This bill is just  as bad as the House bill.   They will claim, in trying to stand up this bill--by the way, it is  going to wither, the more it is examined in the glare of the spotlight.  They claim that it maintains the ACA's protections for those with  preexisting conditions. Can anybody really say that with a straight  face? It leaves it up to the States.   Before I came to Washington and the Senate service, I was the elected  insurance commissioner, State treasurer of Florida. It was my job to  regulate the insurance companies--all kinds of insurance companies,  including health insurance companies. I can tell you that I have seen  some insurance companies use asthma as a preexisting condition, and  therefore that was the reason they would not allow the person who  needed insurance to be covered. They said: If you have a preexisting  condition, we are not going to insure you. I have even seen insurance  companies use as an excuse a rash as a preexisting condition, and that  means they are not going to insure you. Under the existing law, the  ACA, they can't do that. You are going to have the security of knowing  you are going to have coverage.   Do you know something else you are going to have the security of  knowing? You are not going to deal with some of those insurance  companies that I regulated. Of your premium dollar for health  insurance, they would spend 40 percent of that dollar not on your  healthcare, but they would take 40 cents of that premium dollar that  you paid and that was going to executive salaries. It was going to  administrative expenses. It was going to plush trips. Don't tell me  that is not a true story. I saw it over and over in the 1990s as the  elected insurance commissioner of Florida.    You know what the existing law says? It says that of every premium  dollar you pay, 80 cents of that premium dollar has to go into  healthcare. It can't be commissions. It can't be executive salaries. It  can't be the executive jets for the corporate executives. Eighty cents  of that premium dollar has to go into healthcare so you get what you  pay for in that premium dollar. At some point there is going to be an  attempt to undo that. If you start leaving things up to the States,  watch out.   When Megan was in the ICU, she had a respiratory failure that cost  thousands of dollars more, and thanks to the ACA, her insurance carrier  covered it. But under the Republican bill that has been now released,  States could let their insurance companies pocket more of those premium  dollars to pay for those things I just shared, which I had seen back in  the decade of the 1990s as the insurance commissioner. Well, we  shouldn't be padding their pockets. The premium dollar for health  insurance ought to go to healthcare.   The Senate bill cuts billions in Medicaid. We haven't even talked  about that. Who gets Medicaid? Millions of people in this country do.  It is not only the poor. It is not only the disabled. It is 65 to 70  percent of all seniors in nursing homes who are on Medicaid, and it is  also some children's programs. Let me just give you one example. I went  to the neonatal unit at Shands Hospital in Jacksonville, a hospital  affiliated with the University of Florida, but in Jacksonville. The  doctors and nurses were showing me how miracles occur for premature  babies; they keep them alive.   Then what they wanted to show me was--with the opioid epidemic, which  has hit my State just like all the other States, they wanted me to see  and understand that when a pregnant mom is addicted to opioids, she  passes that on in her womb to her unborn child. When born, that baby is  opioid-dependent. The doctors showed me the characteristics--that high,  shrill cry, the constant scratching, the awkward movements. Do you know  what they use to wean those little babies off opioids over the course  of a month? They use doses of morphine.   Do you want to devastate Medicaid? Do you want to take over $800  billion over 10 years out of Medicaid? What about those single moms?  The only healthcare they get is Medicaid. And what about those babies I  just described, who are also on Medicaid? If you start capping the  amount of money that goes to the States on a Federal-State program for  healthcare--Medicaid--you are going to throw a lot of people off any  kind of healthcare, including senior citizens in nursing homes.   A Medicaid block grant, or a cap, would end the healthcare guarantee  for millions of children, people with disabilities, pregnant women, and  seniors on long-term care. There are 37 million children in this  country who rely on Medicaid for care. The seniors, the poor, the  disabled, the children--they are all vulnerable to the cuts that would  occur.   If that is not enough to vote against this bill that is coming to the  floor this week, the Senate bill actually imposes an age tax for older  Americans, allowing insurance companies to charge older Americans up to  five times more for coverage than a young person. You say: Well, older  people have more illnesses and ailments; older people ought to cost  more. If that is your argument, well, that is true.   The age rating in the existing law, the ACA, is three to one. This  changes it to five to one, and five to one means one thing: higher  premiums for senior citizens--I am talking about all insurance  policies--until they reach that magic age of 65 and can be on Medicare.  Do you want an age tax on older Americans as a result of this bill? I  don't think so. But that is what is in there.   Fixing our Nation's healthcare system shouldn't be a partisan issue.  That is why I have joined--bipartisan--with colleagues to introduce a  bill that I described a moment ago, which would lower healthcare  premiums by 13 percent. That bill would stabilize the ACA's insurance  marketplace through the creation of a permanent reinsurance fund. I  have seen the policies work, as I described, with catastrophic  hurricane insurance. There is nothing magic about my idea. It is just  an obvious fix to the existing law, and ideas like that can bubble  forth in a bipartisan way to make the existing law that we have  sustainable.   What we ought to be doing is trying to look for ways to help people  like that single mom Elaine and her daughter Megan. We should be  working together to make the ACA work better. We shouldn't be plotting  behind closed doors in the dead of night with a secret document--a  secret document that we now know will make it worse.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   