 Mr. President, our Tax Code is a mess. No one voted for  it, no one wants it, and no one likes it. I have said many times we  should eliminate all of the special interest loopholes in the code and  use that money to cut taxes for everyone, including American  businesses. We want to encourage them to invest, grow, and create more  jobs right here in America.   I know my colleagues are working on a tax bill, and I want to stress  how much I support their efforts. I will, of course, withhold judgment  on any proposal until I see the final text, but I also want to say  today, I have reservations about one idea that is being considered. It  is called a border adjustment tax. It sounds like something from  Orwell's Newspeak.   Here is how it would work. We would cut taxes for corporations. To  make up for the lost revenue, we would tax businesses whenever they  bought something from another country. For instance, every time Ford  bought an auto part from Canada, it would pay a 20-percent tax or every  time your local grocery store bought bananas from Guatemala, it would  pay a 20-percent tax. Whatever money businesses made from selling their  products in other countries would be exempt. In other words, what all  this would amount to is a 20-percent tax on imports. The proponents of  this tax contend it would stop businesses from leaving our country  because right now some are moving overseas to avoid paying our  corporate tax rate, which is the highest in the modern industrial  world. Under this proposal, it would not matter where you put your  headquarters, you would be taxed according to what you bought, not  where you put down your stake.   The hope is, this arrangement would mean more headquarters, more  factories and the jobs that come with them staying right here in  America, which of course is a desirable goal, no doubt, but I am not at  all convinced this is the best way to do it. Consider this. It is  estimated that this one change alone would produce something like $100  billion a year in additional tax revenue. That is a lot of money, and  someone has to pay for it. I will tell you exactly who is going to pay:  working Americans who have been struggling for decades. A tax on  imports is a tax on things working folks buy every single day. I am not  talking about caviar and champagne. I am talking about T-shirts, jeans,  shoes, baby clothes, toys, and groceries.   I have heard from thousands of Arkansans who are already struggling  just to get by. Why would we make the stuff they get at Walmart more  expensive? Its defenders say the tax will not increase the cost of  imports. What will happen, they say, is our exports will be cheaper  because we no longer tax them so then more people overseas will buy our  exports from us, which means the dollar itself will increase in value.  That means imports will not be expensive because you will be able to  buy them with a stronger dollar. So even with the tax added on, you  will still come out right where you were before.   This logic reminds me of Orwell again: Some ideas are so stupid only  an intellectual could believe them. This is a theory wrapped in  speculation inside a guess. Nobody knows for sure what will happen. No  one can know for sure because currency markets fluctuate daily based on  millions of decisions and events. Just because an economist slaps an  equation on a blackboard does not make it real so I am more than a  little concerned these predictions will not pan out.   As the old joke goes, after all, economists have predicted nine of  the last five recessions. But if that happens, it will not be  economists and intellectuals and politicians in Washington and New York  left holding the bag; working Americans will get stiffed again.   Finally, I want to say a word about jobs. One of the biggest reasons  for fixing the Tax Code is that it would help create more jobs, but if  we increase the cost of goods, people obviously can't buy as much,  which will hurt retail sales and retail jobs too. Retail companies are  the largest private sector employers in almost every State. Are we  really going to impose a huge tax on the livelihood of so many  Americans and say: Oh, don't worry. It will all work out in the end.   We have to take a hard look at this proposal right now. Therefore,  while I support fundamental tax reform and commit to reserve judgment  on any final bill until I read it, today I want to put on the record my  serious concerns about a border adjustment tax. Many other Senators  share those concerns. We most certainly will not keep our powder dry  and see working American's railroaded with a precooked deal that raises  their taxes and increases the price of the stuff they buy every single  day.   It is February 15. By law, the President is required to submit a  budget to Congress by the first Monday of this month. That was over a  week ago. Now, being a new administration, we expect him to be a few  weeks late as has typically happened in recent times. The difference  this year, though, is that President Trump still does not have a budget  director. We are 4 weeks into his Presidency, and we are only just now  getting around to confirming his nominee.   For those of you keeping score at home, that is the longest delay in  recent history. Every one of the last six Presidents had their budget  director confirmed by a week's time--as in 7 days. In other words, what  we are seeing is a deliberate act of obstruction. Here is the real  problem. We have serious work to do. It is that much more difficult for  the President to do his job when all he has is a headless horseman  bureaucracy.   Senate Democrats might consider this payback. They might consider it  their chance to audition for the 2020 Presidential primary, but the  American people are the ones paying the price for this obstruction.   I want to say again, this is not a game. This is not a protest. This  is our job. This is what the American people sent us to do. It is time  we got down to business. In that spirit, I want to say a few words in  support of the President's  [[Page S1198]]  nominee for the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, Mick  Mulvaney. I don't have to cite or recite Mick's biography for many of  you.   He has been representing the good people of South Carolina's Fifth  District in the House of Representatives for more than 6 years now.  Before that, he led an impressive career as what he called a serial  entrepreneur, starting four different businesses. I hear some of them  may have even succeeded.   He has worked in fields as varied as law, real estate, homebuilding,  and restaurants. He is highly educated and very accomplished. I would  like to point out, he is a friend of mine, a trusted confidant, someone  whose advice and counsel I have often sought.   I can say with confidence, he will serve President Trump and the  American people with dedication and distinction. I believe Mick will  bring a needed voice to the President's Cabinet, a voice for fiscal  responsibility after so many years of irresponsible sky-is-the-limit  spending.   All that experience in the real economy gives him something more than  a lengthy resume. He knows from personal experience what it takes to  create jobs and create opportunities out of almost nothing. He knows  the self-discipline it takes, the hard work, the perseverance. He knows  what Americans have to go through every day just to earn an honest  dollar. That is why he has been so protective of every taxpayer dollar  ever put in his care. That is the kind of man we need as our next OMB  Director.   It is only when Washington appreciates what goes into making all of  those taxpayer dollars that it will show the taxpayers the respect they  deserve. I want to express my strong support for the next Director of  the Office of Management and Budget, my friend, Mick Mulvaney.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.   