 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and my good friend,  Mr. McGovern, for the kind words.   What we did here was simple. It is not always simple to get through  the legislative process, but what we attempted to do was reauthorize a  bill that hadn't been authorized. Appropriated dollars were being  spent.   It has been the focus of the Republican Congress to make sure we  reauthorize programs, and we do that to fix things that have gone wrong  over the years or because a changing environment has occurred.   The last time the bill was really authorized was 2002. Fast-forward  15 years, there are things changed. The authorization amount was set.  We actually spent more than the authorization amount.   People love this program, but we have got to update it to the modern  day, and we need to fix some of the items. Those are reflected in this  bill, and I appreciate the Rules Committee hearing the debate,  addressing some of the concerns, and deciding that this bill can come  to the floor. As it was stated, no amendments were offered to debate on  this floor, which I think is a great process.   Simply put, I have a friend from Houston, Texas, who is very proud of  the Houston Astros, and he will cite Minute Maid Park. Minute Maid Park  is on a brownfields. So if you looked at the World Series and you saw  that beautiful facility, well, that is the result of the brownfields  program that we are now trying to update and fix.  [[Page H9482]]    The stats are pretty clear. I mean, you get a $16 return for every  dollar we put in at the Federal level. That is a great return on  investment. Jobs are increased by every projection, and even local land  values around the brownfields, the property values increase around  them. This and more will be debated and discussed when we bring the  bill to the floor tomorrow. This rule helps us do that.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, one other thing I will end on, and I know  we will have a lot of debate and frustration and controversy, but this  did go through regular order. We had a hearing. We had a subcommittee  mark. As Mr. McGovern mentioned, we had a full committee mark. We  invested with our Democratic colleagues--they brought some ideas; some  were accepted; some were rejected; some of the ones that we had they  rejected--and we have a pretty good product to bring as part of this  rule.   I would ask my colleagues to support the rule so we can bring the  bill to the floor, and I thank my colleagues on the Rules Committee for  making it happen.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I just want to again respond to my colleague from  Wyoming when she again raised the issue as to why our leaders didn't  show up to the White House. It is not because they have a fragile ego.  It is because they didn't want to waste their time. It is because they  didn't want to be a prop or just be there for a photo op. It is because  they are actually focused on trying to do the people's business, and  they are tired of the gamesmanship.   If the gentlewoman wants to talk about fragile egos, I would suggest  that she observe the behavior of the man who is in the Oval Office. I  mean, this is a guy who will get into a Twitter war with a basketball  player's father.   I would say that, and I would just respectfully urge my Republican  colleagues, now is the time for an intervention because we have serious  business to deal with in this country: there are issues of war and  peace; there are issues of domestic security; there are issues of  economic security that we have to deal with; and instead, we are  dealing with constant nonsense coming out of the White House. So it is  time for the Republican majority to intervene and to say to the  President, ``Enough is enough.''   Mr. Speaker, you know, for weeks, tax experts have been reporting  that the Republican tax plans would raise taxes on millions of middle  class families in order to cut taxes for the wealthy and corporations.  Their proposed legislation may directly benefit President Trump and his  family members to the tune of tens of millions of dollars, according to  independent analyses. President Trump has denied this, stating that he  would be a bigger loser if the House GOP tax bill is approved.   Well, without his tax returns, we simply have no way of knowing  exactly how much President Trump stands to gain from the tax bill. The  American people deserve to know whether or not our President is  directly benefiting from legislation that would hurt millions of  Americans.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to bring up Representative Eshoo's bill, H.R.  305, which would require Presidents and major party nominees for the  Presidency to release their tax returns.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the  gentleman from Massachusetts?   There was no objection.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as I stated earlier, there are so many  conflicts of interest in this administration, and especially with this  President. This administration is on a collision course with  corruption. It is time for Democrats and Republicans to stand up and to  be united and to demand a little sunshine on what the reality is.    To discuss our proposal, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Eshoo).   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from  engaging in personalities toward the President.   