 Mr. President, last Wednesday, the Trump administration  unveiled the outlines of a tax reform plan, and, predictably, the plan  has met with both praise and scorn from the usual sectors. Regardless  of where the people might come down on the specifics of the President's  plan, those who have been proponents of tax reform--hopefully those  from both parties--should be pleased to see the President of the United  States fully engaged in this effort.   For 6 years now, I have been beating the drum on tax reform. I have  sought to make the case for reform here on the floor, in public forums  and events, and in private conversations, and I haven't been alone.  Indeed, Members from both parties have acknowledged the need to fix our  broken tax system and have sought to move the ball forward on reform.   One thing I have said throughout this endeavor is that tax reform, if  it is going to be successful, will require Presidential leadership, and  that was not a political statement on my part. With those statements, I  wasn't simply calling for the election of a Republican President; on  the contrary, I repeatedly implored President Obama to engage with  Congress on tax reform but really to no avail.   As of now, we finally have a President who is willing to lead in this  effort. Once again, regardless of where anyone stands with regard to  this President or the specifics of his tax plan, the fact that he is  willing to meaningfully engage with Congress and the public on these  issues should be viewed as a welcome sign for all tax reform advocates,  regardless of their party affiliation.   With regard to the specifics of the outline, I believe the President  has laid out a set of critical core principles that should hopefully  serve as guideposts as the effort moves forward. Most importantly, the  plan is designed, first and foremost, to grow the economy, and it would  certainly do that.   In addition, the plan would greatly simplify the Tax Code to make it  fairer, particularly for individuals and families, which has been a  shared goal of tax reformers from both parties and from both sides of  the aisle. For instance, over two-thirds of taxpayers take the standard  deduction. Those taxpayers tend to be concentrated in the middle and  lower income brackets. Under the President's plan, married couples  would see the standard deduction doubled, so that they would not pay  taxes on the first $24,000 of income. It would reduce rates for both  large and small businesses and job creators, which is also something  both Republicans and Democrats have sought to accomplish in tax reform.   Overall, the President's tax plan would make our country more  competitive in the international marketplace and reduce the tax burden  on millions of middle-class families.   Clearly, as the effort moves forward, Congress and the administration  will have to fill in the specifics. We will need to see how the numbers  work out and where the votes are for any particular reform proposal.  This is going to take some time, but, as the chairman of the Senate's  tax-writing committee, I believe we can be ready to move in relatively  short order. I intend to work closely with my colleagues on the Finance  Committee, our leadership here in the Senate, leaders in the House,  and, of course, the administration to finalize a reform package and get  it across the finish line. The last major tax overhaul in the United  States was more than 30 years ago, so we have a once-in-a-lifetime or  once-in-a-generation opportunity in front of us, and I intend to do all  I can to ensure that we make the most of it.   When I say ``we,'' I am not simply referring to Republicans in  Congress and the White House; I am referring to anyone who recognizes  the problems in our current tax system and is willing to do the  necessary work to fix those problems. My hope is that this will be a  bipartisan exercise. By and large, Republicans appear ready and willing  to work with the President to get tax reform done, and I am working to  find some willing partners among my friends on the other side of the  aisle.   I have said many times that tax reform should not have to be a  partisan exercise. Our current tax system imposes undue burdens and  undue hardships on Republican and Democratic voters alike. Therefore,  both Republicans and Democrats in Congress should be willing to relieve  these hardships, and, as I have stated here on the floor on numerous  occasions, I am willing to work with anyone, Republican or Democrat, to  make this effort successful.   That said, I haven't been all that encouraged by the rhetoric we are  hearing from our friends on the other side of the aisle on these  issues. Setting aside statements we have heard about the policies in  the President's plan or  [[Page S2646]]  elsewhere, the Senate Democratic leadership at times seems bound and  determined to ensure that no Member of their party engages on these  issues.   Most recently, the Senate minority leader has insisted on two  conditions before he will agree to work with Republicans on tax reform.   The first condition is that Republicans commit to not moving tax  reform through the budget reconciliation process. This is an odd  demand, one that is, quite frankly, unprecedented in the modern history  of tax policy. Certainly, the reconciliation process makes it easier to  move reform through Congress on a partisan basis, but, historically  speaking, most major tax bills that have moved through reconciliation  have had bipartisan support. There is no reason, if agreements are  reached on policy, that Democrats could not agree to support a tax  reform package moved through reconciliation, so taking it categorically  off the table before discussions even begin seems, at best,  counterintuitive.    History tells us that reconciliation need not be partisan. In fact,  when Republicans have had control of both Houses of Congress and the  White House, we have enacted tax reconciliation bills that have enjoyed  some Senate Democratic support.   It is also worth noting that at various points in the recent past,  Republicans have stayed at the negotiating table, participating in  formal and informal discussions on major policy matters with  reconciliation instructions in place and without any assurances that  reconciliation would not be used. Are Democrats going to be more  amenable to compromising on policy if reconciliation is not on the  table? It is hard to see why that would be the case. Taking  reconciliation off the table would really only make it easier for  Democrats to prevent any kind of tax reform from passing.   So, essentially, what some of my Democratic colleagues are saying is  that before they will even enter into talks on tax reform, they want us  to ensure upfront that they will have the ability to block the bill  once it is brought up. As I said, that is an odd demand, and not one  you would expect to hear from someone who is willing to negotiate in  good faith.   My colleagues' second precondition for working with us on tax reform  is that President Trump release his tax returns. Like their first  demand, this one makes me doubt whether the Senate Democratic  leadership really wants to be constructive on tax reform. This is a  political demand, pure and simple, likely poll-tested and focus-grouped  to please the Democrats' base. I don't imagine this demand is really  about uncovering conflicts of interest in tax reform. If it is, it is a  horribly misguided strategy.   After all, if tax reform were to succeed, the President is only one  small part of the equation. There are 435 Members of the House of  Representatives and 100 Senators, all of whom would be called upon to  vote either for or against the tax reform bill, and whether a Member of  Congress supports or opposes a particular bill, a conflict of interest  could potentially influence that decision, just as one could  theoretically influence a President's decision to sign or veto a bill.  Yet I don't hear anyone from the other side of the aisle demanding the  release of the tax returns of every Member of Congress before we can  even start working on a bill. That has never been a prerequisite for  working on tax legislation in the past, and it certainly should not be  a prerequisite in the future.   In any event, despite these unreasonable demands, I will once again  state that I am more than willing to work with my Democratic colleagues  on tax reform, and I sincerely hope at least some of them will be  willing to do so. I have been in the Senate for a while now. I think I  have more than sufficiently demonstrated my willingness to put partisan  differences aside and to reach across the aisle.   Make no mistake, I believe Republicans can move a tax reform package  on a purely partisan basis. We have the procedural mechanism in place  that would allow us to do that. But my strong preference would be to  find a bipartisan pathway forward, and I hope that can be achieved.   Speaking more broadly, whether we move forward on a partisan or  bipartisan basis, being successful on tax reform is going to require  that we practice the art of the doable. There are a lot of ideas out  there on tax reform and no shortage of competing interests. I have my  own ideas and proposals that I have been working on for a number of  years that I would like to see included in the final package. However,  no idea should be considered more important than the broader goals of  tax reform. That goes for my ideas and those of anyone else in Congress  or in the administration.   There is a great deal of consensus among Republicans on the most  important tax reform policies and principles. In fact, I would say we  agree on roughly 80 percent of the key issues, which is a good starting  point. I will not go into specifics today, but there are some high- profile items in the remaining 20 percent, and there are some  differences of opinion regarding most of those items.   Bridging that gap and finding the path forward is going to take some  serious negotiation and compromise. My hope is that people will be  willing to adjust their expectations and bend on their preferences in  order to achieve success in this very important endeavor. Speaking for  myself, I can say that I would be willing to do so, and I have  confidence that my colleagues who will also be playing leadership roles  in this effort are similarly willing. Perhaps most importantly, I  believe the President and his advisers in the administration are  willing to make the necessary compromises to finally make tax reform a  success.   This is the closest we have been to success in tax reform in the past  three decades. I hope both parties, both Chambers, both sides of  Pennsylvania Avenue are up to that challenge.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   