 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   H.R. 497 authorizes a land exchange in California between the San  Bernardino Valley Conservation District and the Bureau of Land  Management. After 15 years, stakeholders have finalized the habitat  conservation plan for the Santa Ana River Wash that balances the needs  of endangered wildlife with regional economic development.   This is a stellar example of the Endangered Species Act at work, and  I commend Representative Cook for his work on this bill.   This land exchange is a key component of the Habitat Conservation  Plan and a win-win for all parties. It will help protect important  wildlife habitat while allowing the conservation district to increase  water storage capacity and direct mining activity into the appropriate  areas.   So again, this is exactly how the Endangered Species Act should work.  It is something we should all support. This is a good bill, and I urge  swift adoption by the House.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Aguilar).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 220 would authorize an expansion of the existing  Terror Lake Hydropower project in Alaska to meet increased powder  demands from Kodiak Island.   The expansion would have to comply with environmental protections  required under the Federal Power Act and National Environmental Policy  Act.   This bill unanimously passed both the House Natural Resources  Committee and the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.   I want to thank Mr. Young for his persuasive presentation both in  committee and on the House floor. I fully support the sensible  bipartisan legislation and urge my colleagues to vote for it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, as my friend, Mr. Cook, just pointed out, H.R. 1500  designates a small triangle of land in Washington, D.C., as Robert  Emmet Park. The parcel is home to a statue of Robert Emmet, a seminal  figure in Ireland's quest for independence. The bill also authorizes  the National Park Service, which manages the area, to add interpretive  displays and signage to the area.   Emmet admired the independence we achieved in this country and only  wanted the same freedom and liberty for his compatriots in Ireland.  Designating this small plot of land and the accompanying statue as  Robert Emmet Park will stand as a constant reminder of the call to  liberty and freedom that binds our Nation together.   I would like to thank my friend, Representative Crowley from New York  City, who is also a proud son of St. Patrick, for his work on this  bill, and I urge its swift passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today, H.R. 1073, authorizes the  National Park Service to construct a visitor services facility that  includes a restroom at the U.S. Marine Corps Memorial, also known as  the Iwo Jima Memorial. The memorial is located in Arlington, Virginia,  adjacent to Arlington National Cemetery, and a short drive from the  Pentagon and from here.   This iconic statue of marines raising the flag over Iwo Jima is one  of the country's most recognized memorials--the most recognized  memorial in the whole world--and receives a tremendous amount of  visitation. Unfortunately, there are no permanent restroom facilities  at the site. It goes without saying that this is a major hurdle to  visitor comfort, especially given that this is a popular destination of  our veterans, not all of whom are able-bodied.   However, once this bill becomes law, the National Park Service will  be able  [[Page H5207]]  to construct a restroom with funds that have already been donated for  this purpose. This is in keeping with a broad policy of improving  accessibility of all the memorials on and around The National Mall.   This bill is a long time coming. I want to thank my bill cosponsors  for their support, Mr. Cook of California and Mr. Graves of Louisiana.   I understand that our good friends from the Park Service are watching  with excitement and pleasure this afternoon as we take this up on the  floor. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1135 reauthorizes the Historically Black Colleges  and Universities Historic Preservation program. This program provides  grants to revitalize and conserve historic structures at Historically  Black Colleges and Universities in Virginia.   I am very proud and grateful of the five HBCUs we have in Virginia:  Virginia State, Norfolk State, Hampton University, Virginia Union  University, and Virginia University of Lynchburg.   I point out that the Nation's first elected African-American  Governor, Douglas L. Wilder, was a graduate of Virginia Union  University.   Since the program was first authorized in 1988, as Mr. Cook has said,  there has been over $60 million in grants to help restore iconic  structures on many of these college campuses, and two-thirds of this  money appropriated has been leveraged to generate matching funds to  maximize the impacts of taxpayer dollars. But despite all the progress  made with respect to revitalizing these campuses, there is still a lot  of work that remains to be done in all 107 HBCUs.   Reauthorization and sustained support for this program is long  overdue. So I would like to thank my esteemed colleague from South  Carolina (Mr. Clyburn) for all of his hard work and relentlessness to  bring this bill to the attention of Congress.   I urge my colleagues to join in supporting this good bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Clyburn), the distinguished leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Adams), a distinguished Member of Congress.    Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Butterfield).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Alabama (Ms. Sewell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), a graduate of the University  of Virginia School of Law.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1967 would amend the permitting process for pumped  storage hydropower projects utilizing multiple Bureau of Reclamation  reservoirs.   Currently, hydropower projects involving Reclamation facilities are  subject to either the FERC permitting process or the Reclamation  permitting process, based on whether a Reclamation facility was  originally authorized for hydropower development.   The unique nature of pumped storage projects, which require the use  of multiple separate reservoirs, can mean that a single proposed  project can be subject to both Reclamation and FERC's permitting  processes, since different reservoirs are under different agency  jurisdiction.   If enacted, H.R. 1967 would subject pumped storage projects using  multiple Reclamation reservoirs to just the Reclamation permitting  process instead of the process for both Reclamation and FERC.   Like FERC, Reclamation's permitting project requires authorized  pumped storage projects to comply with the National Environmental  Policy Act, the Endangered Species Act, the National Historic  Preservation Act, and other statutory requirements.   While I believe that H.R. 1967 is a commonsense bill and I support  its passage, I also support ongoing efforts to incorporate feedback  from the Colville Tribe in Washington State as this bill advances to  the Senate and proceeds through the legislative process.   Mr. Speaker, I had the remarkable opportunity to live in Switzerland  for 4 years, and hiked and climbed many of the Alps. It was fascinating  to see the high-altitude dams that made hydropower the dominant form of  power in the country. Eighty percent of all electricity was hydropower  or nuclear.   I thank my good friend, Congressman Lamborn from Colorado Springs,  for his leadership on this issue. I encourage unanimous passage of this  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   