 Mr. President, I have long supported efforts to reform  the Tax Code--tax reform that gives a break to working-class Americans  and small businesses so that they can create more jobs and keep more of  their hard-earned money in their pockets, tax reform that provides  permanent, long-term certainty for job-creating businesses and middle- class families so that they can plan for the future, and tax reform  that doesn't burden future generations with loads of debt.  Unfortunately, the bill that we are going to vote on this week is not  tax reform.   The majority and the administration can call this proposal whatever  they want, but from where I come from, which is north central Montana,  we call it how we see it. This is a tax giveaway to the wealthy--a tax  giveaway that will cut taxes for the wealthiest families while raising  taxes on nearly 14 million middle-class Americans. This tax giveaway  benefits wealthy out-of-staters at the expense of hard-working  Montanans. In fact, folks making less than $30,000 a year will see a  tax hike in 2019, and folks making less than $40,000 will see a tax  hike in 2021. That pattern continues climbing until every individual  will see a tax hike in 2025.   Why is this important?   We haven't done tax reform in 30 years, and 2025 will be here  tomorrow. A tax break for the wealthiest will continue not only to add  to our debt, but it will continue to take money out of the pockets of  hard-working middle-class families. All the while, the large  corporations will enjoy permanent tax giveaways.   It doesn't have to be like this, but the majority has chosen, once  again, to write a bad bill in secret--no bipartisanship, no input from  working families, no regard for how this bill is going to impact folks  down the road. This tax giveaway to the wealthy reeks of the swamp, and  it represents everything that folks hate about Washington, DC.   So why are we rushing this process?   During the Reagan tax cuts in the eighties, the House and the Senate  combined to hold over 20 committee hearings before bringing a bill to  the floor. Why was there no public input in this process today? Why  aren't we waiting for final estimates from the Joint Tax Committee to  let us know what the impacts will be? Why don't we know what the long- term impacts--past the first 10 years--are going to be? Why are we  voting before we have analysis on what happens to those folks 12, 14,  16 years from now? Why are we voting on a bill before we have even had  time to read it?   There is an appetite in this Senate for good tax reform--a tax bill  that will cut taxes for middle-class families and small businesses and  will not add to the debt, a bill that will actually drive our economy.  I don't understand why folks in this body are rushing to pass this tax  giveaway that is going to hurt the folks who need a tax cut the most.  This is not the first time we have been down this road. Next year,  nearly one-third of our national debt will be a direct result of the  Bush tax cuts--over $5.6 trillion. Yet here we are again, a decade  later, and we are about to make the same mistake.   Most folks who serve in this body will say that they came here to  provide more opportunities for the next generation, that they came here  to work on bills and pass bills that will help our kids and our  grandkids succeed. I am here to tell you that actions speak louder than  words. This bill saddles our kids and our grandkids with even more  crushing debt by adding, at a minimum, $1.4 trillion to the debt. Why?  It is so that we can give tax giveaways to the wealthy and big  corporations and so that some politicians can claim a political  victory. If you vote for this bill, you are putting $1.4 trillion on  the credit card that our kids and our grandkids are going to be forced  to pay. That is a fact. Where are the deficit hawks? Where have they  flown? My, how times have changed.   We can do better than this. Our kids and our grandkids deserve better  than this. Hard-working families in this country deserve better than  this. We need to do the right thing and pull this bill from the floor  and work together in a truly bipartisan way to pass real tax reform-- get public input, get support from both sides of the aisle--and get a  bill that Democrats, Republicans, and, as far as that goes,  Independents can support.   The truth is apparent. The other side of the aisle doesn't want to be  bothered by differences of opinion or public input, so we end up with a  poorly written bill that doesn't do what it is advertised to do. Let's  help businesses create more jobs and raise wages, and let's make sure  that hard-working folks can keep more of their money in their pockets.  That is the kind of tax reform that America deserves. Instead, we are  stuck with a partisan gimmick that makes the rich richer while the rest  of us pay the bills.   I am voting no on this bill, and I am voting no for Montana's kids  and grandkids. I encourage my colleagues to take a look at this bill,  by the way, that we don't even have yet. Take a look at it, what is  there, and vote no to avoid, at a minimum, a trillion and a half  dollars being added to our national debt.   When I go home, one of the things that folks ask of me is to work  together--to work together and find bipartisan solutions. Don't just  cast off those on the other side as being wrong. Listen to them. Try to  find that middle ground. That hasn't happened here with this bill.  Anything but that has happened. We have a bill that has been crafted by  one party in secret and has been put in front of us, and they have  said: Here. Take it or leave it. We don't even know the impacts of this  bill, and they don't know the impacts of this bill. Once this passes,  it will be too late. This is the most deliberative body in the world.  We ought to do a little deliberating and get some public input and find  bipartisan support and move forward with a bill that works for America.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.  [[Page S7393]]        