 Madam President, let me thank my colleague, Senator  Manchin, for arranging the time to talk about the ongoing opioid  epidemic across the country. I know his home State of West Virginia-- much like my home State of Rhode Island--has been hit particularly hard  by this epidemic.   This is not happening in some far off place or some distant country.  It is happening in Rhode Island, West Virginia, and, indeed, every  State throughout the Nation. Last year, over 330 Rhode Islanders lost  their lives due to opioids.  [[Page S3174]]    Rhode Island is a small State, so let me talk about a national  statistic that shows the extent of this crisis. Last year, drug  overdoses killed 50,000 Americans. That means more people died last  year because of drug overdoses than due to car crashes or gun violence.  These numbers are staggering, and it is happening in all of our  communities.   Since 2011, the number of overdose deaths has increased by more than  90 percent. Unfortunately, year after year, Rhode Island continues to  top the Nation in terms of rates of overdose deaths. We must work to  turn this around and get more people access to treatment for opioid  addiction.   In 2008, almost a decade ago, Congress enacted the landmark Paul  Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity  Law. For the first time, the law required insurance companies to cover  behavioral health services in the same way that it would cover physical  health services. This was a critical step, but it ultimately did not  solve the problem, as some insurance companies have continued to find  ways to avoid complying with the law--or at least its spirit.   It took passage of the Affordable Care Act to improve access to  behavioral health services. For the first time, critical consumer  protections, like banning discrimination based on preexisting  conditions, ensured that individuals with substance abuse disorders  could not be denied coverage.   Further, the ACA established a set of essential health benefits that  all insurance plans must cover, including mental health and substance  abuse treatment. Gone are the days when consumers would pay steep  prices for health insurance that in actuality did not even cover basic  health services, such as mental health care or maternity care.   In addition, the ACA prohibits lifetime annual limits on care. Before  the ACA, many people with chronic health conditions, such as substance  use disorders, would hit their annual cap just a couple of months into  the year and then would have to pay all other costs out of pocket for  the rest of the year.   Lastly, the expansion of Medicaid has made a tremendous improvement  in access to behavioral health services. In States like Rhode Island  that have expanded Medicaid, we have seen a sharp drop in the  percentage of people with substance use disorders who seek care in the  emergency department because they are uninsured. Medicaid is the single  largest payer of substance use disorder services and pays for one-third  of all medication-assisted treatment in the country.   TrumpCare would reverse all these gains. According to the Center on  Budget Policy and Priorities, repeal of the ACA would mean 2.8 million  people with substance use disorders would be at risk of losing their  coverage. Repeal of the Medicaid expansion would cut $4.5 billion from  mental health and substance use disorders for those with low incomes,  to say nothing of TrumpCare's broader goal of ending Medicaid as we  know it. TrumpCare would all but eliminate this critical safety net.   TrumpCare goes even further to turn back the clock on consumer  protections like preexisting conditions. People with substance use  disorders would be disadvantaged immediately, as their disorder could  be considered a preexisting condition. This has the double effect of  pricing people with mental and behavioral health issues out of the  market entirely and encouraging people not to seek care out of fear of  being labeled by their insurance company as having a preexisting  condition.   On top of that, TrumpCare would gut the essential health benefits in  the ACA. This means that there would be no rules about what health  insurance must cover, such as preventive health services and mental and  behavioral health services. Even with coverage, people will have to pay  out of pocket for the services they need. For substance use disorders,  which could add up to $20,000 a year in out-of-pocket costs alone.   Over the last couple of years, I have worked with my colleagues on  the Senate Appropriations Committee to include historic funding  increases for programs that help the opioid crisis. In fact, the fiscal  year 2017 omnibus provided $511 million for prevention, enforcement,  treatment, and recovery across various agencies, including over $300  million for the Department of Health and Human Services, $50 million  for the Department of Veterans Affairs, and over $160 million for the  Department of Justice. Last year, we passed the 21st Century Cures Act,  which directed $1 billion to States to combat the opioid crisis. We  must continue these efforts.   However, this week, the President released his budget proposal for  next year, and it does the exact opposite. First of all, the  President's budget doubles down on his plan to decimate Medicaid. The  President has proposed cutting hundreds of billions of dollars from  Medicaid, block-granting the program with no protections for the most  vulnerable. In fact, his budget offers no details on how it plans to  structure Medicaid--just that he intends to cut the program beyond  repair.   On top of that, the President's budget makes enormous cuts to the  Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Agency, SAMHSA, which  implements many of our most effective substance use disorder prevention  and treatment programs, such as the Community Mental Health Services  Block Grant Program, which President Trump has proposed cutting by over  20 percent.   Further, President Trump has proposed cutting the National Institutes  of Health by nearly $6 billion, which would interrupt critical research  into new and better ways to treat substance use disorders, along with  research into how we can better treat pain without the use of addicting  opioid painkillers. Coupled with TrumpCare, this budget proposal would  only worsen the opioid crisis.   I am committed to continuing to work with my colleagues to prevent  that from happening. I am heartened to see so many of my colleagues  talk about these very issues this afternoon.   It is my hope that we will be able to work together over the coming  months to ensure that the gains we have made in the fiscal year 2017  omnibus and the Cures Act are not lost. We have much more work to do,  and people in my State and across the country are counting on us to do  that for them.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   