 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, earlier this year President Donald Trump submitted his  budget request for fiscal year 2018 to Congress. The budget request  included a 20 percent reduction in funding for the Environmental  Protection Agency's Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance to  $419 million, $129 million below the fiscal year 2017 level.   The underlying bill cuts roughly 15 percent of the EPA's enforcement  budget, and my amendment would get us closer to meeting the President's  request by cutting an additional $10,234,000 from the EPA's programs  and management account enforcement line item.   Reducing the EPA's enforcement budget will help rein in inappropriate  bureaucratic actions. It is necessary to revive the American economy  and restore regulatory sanity to environmental regulations.   Make no mistake, Mr. Chairman, the American people cannot afford to  continue to be burdened by an out-of-control EPA that overregulates and  promulgates rules and then punishes the American by adjudicating  unconstitutional penalties.   Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to vote ``yes'' on my amendment, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The EPA has no statutory duty to pursue or enforce regulation. My  home State of Arizona, along with the States west of the Mississippi,  are those who are most affected by the heavy hand of the enforcement  arm of the EPA.   In my community, dust is the number one particulate. The EPA's  response is to come to us in a desert and say: ``Water it down. Water  it down.'' Then they come after us because of misuse of water.   This is the inconsistency that we see in the EPA that is weighing  down the economy of many of the areas within the West.   The more I meet with local and national natural resource leaders,  their number one concern mostly deals with the EPA's burdensome  regulations and its enforcement proceedings. Further reducing the EPA's  enforcement budget will limit its ability to stifle the economy and  enforce unconstitutional rules.   I also want to emphasize the need to restore fiscal sanity in our  country. With the ever-growing national debt, my amendment will return  $10 million back to the United States Treasury.   I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith) for partnering with  me on this effort, and to all Members who support our effort to restore  fiscal and regulatory sanity in our country.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   