 Mr. Speaker, I rise today and thank the gentleman from  New Jersey because nobody has fought longer or harder for the cause of  life than this man. I am pleased to be up here because I know we both  believe that we represent and rise on behalf of the hundreds of  thousands of Americans who are going to come to Washington, D.C., and  march here this coming Friday because we believe that giving even one  more life, one more person, the right to change the world is worth it.   For the last 6 years, I have come to the well of the House with the  gentleman from New Jersey and my colleagues on the bipartisan Pro-Life  Caucus to celebrate life and fight for the unborn. On this seventh  occasion, I rise with a renewed sense of hope and optimism for our  children's future.   I commend President Trump for making one of his very first actions  protecting unborn children around the world by preventing U.S. taxpayer  dollars being used for foreign aid from being used to fund groups that  promote abortion under the guise of family planning.   We can't stop here, however. That is just one step. Now is the time  for action. When President Bush restored these protections in 2001, he  wrote:   ``It is my conviction that taxpayer funds should not be used to pay  for abortions or advocate or actively promote abortion, either here or  abroad.''   We took step two earlier today when a bipartisan majority of us here  in the House voted to extend the Hyde amendment across all government  programs and to ensure that no tax dollars from hardworking Americans  are used to fund abortions here in the United States.   Let's take additional steps to fight for the ones who don't have a  voice. This Congress should protect unborn children from the violence  of late-term abortion, protect medical professionals from being coerced  to participate in abortions, and protect women from an industry that  has put its financial interests first above women's health.   Mr. Speaker, the government does not give us our rights. No. In fact,  the government exists to protect our God-given rights that were given  to us by our Creator and to protect the next generation. All you have  to do is look at those original founding documents and it is easy to  see.   Well, we are here tonight for the same reason: that hundreds of  thousands will march on Washington this Friday and fight for the rights  of that next generation. I am pleased and proud to be able to be a part  of that.   Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Michigan for his eloquence, for his commitment, his passion, and for  that steadfastness that will one day yield the result when the unborn  are protected in our laws against the violence of abortion. I thank the  gentleman from Michigan for participating, but most importantly for his  years of service on behalf of his constituents and the unborn.   I now yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. King).   