 Mr. President, I was listening with interest to our  friend and colleague from Minnesota talk about the Russia  investigation. I agree with her 100 percent that it is our  responsibility to get to the bottom of what exactly happened with  respect to Russian involvement in our elections, much as they got  involved in the elections in France, using the combined process  commonly known as active measures. Active measures are a combination of  cyber espionage, propaganda, and a use of social media through paid  trolls who can then actually try to raise the visibility of some of  this propaganda such that it then becomes part of the mainstream media  and becomes accepted as part of the debate in democratic societies.   I believe we share a bipartisan and universal commitment to get to  the bottom of what happened in our last election.   I would note that there are two members of the Senate Judiciary  Committee who actually serve as members of the Senate Intelligence  Committee, which is actively involved in a rigorous bipartisan  investigation. That would be myself and Senator Feinstein, the ranking  member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, who is also the former chair  of the Senate Intelligence Committee.   Senator Feinstein has said recently that there is no evidence of  collusion between the administration and Russia. I think she would  share with me a commitment not to stop there but to find out where the  facts take us. Indeed, thanks to Chairman Burr and thanks to Vice  Chairman Warner, our bipartisan Senate Intelligence Committee has  unprecedented access to raw intelligence, from the National Security  Agency, the CIA, and from all sources of the intelligence community. We  have access to some of the most sensitive intelligence gathered by the  U.S. Government. I think that is due to the credit and leadership of  Chairman Burr and Vice Chairman Warner that our committee has remained  bipartisan and we are leaving no stone unturned to get to the bottom of  what exactly happened.   So I know people are concerned, and I share that concern. We need to  come up with a program of countermeasures to deal with this because the  Russian Government has been amping up their game for some time now, and  now they are operating at certainly dangerous levels when it comes to  trying to interfere in our most basic democratic institutions, like our  elections.   I would say, as far as the Department of Justice is concerned, that  Rod Rosenstein was confirmed by this body by a vote of 94 to 6. That is  probably the only Trump nomination so far since he has been President  that has enjoyed such broad bipartisan support. It is because of his  distinguished record, most recently as the U.S. attorney in Baltimore.   I remember hearing from our Senators from Maryland, for example,  Democrats who were praising Rod Rosenstein and saying he was exactly  the kind of person we needed in this sensitive job as Deputy Attorney  General.   But now our colleagues seem to forget their very own conviction and  vote on Rod Rosenstein, and now they say that he can't be fair, that he  has somehow an appearance of a conflict of interest, making it  necessary to appoint a special counsel, which, by the way, also then  reports to the leadership at the Department of Justice.   I think we ought to give Mr. Rosenstein a chance to demonstrate that  he is capable of leading that investigation at the Department of  Justice, understanding that our role here in the Congress is not to  pursue a criminal investigation and case. That is the job of the  Department of Justice. Our job, in parallel fashion, is for oversight  reasons and to let the American people and ourselves know exactly what  happened. That is why the investigation of the bipartisan Senate Select  Committee on Intelligence is so important, in addition to the hearings  we are having in the Judiciary Committee, on which the Senator from  Minnesota and I happen to serve as well.   So we do need to get to the bottom of what happened, and I am  confident we will. It is our duty, and we will get the job done.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   