 Mr. President, if I could just begin with a hearty  ``amen'' to the great words of my senior Senator, it felt like old home  week there for a moment, with the quote about the Nebraska sky. My  kids--I have one of them with me almost every week in DC. We commute,  and I bring somebody with me. Another two of them are almost surely  going to be exploring along the Platte River later this afternoon, as  happens almost every day. As for the comments about the 1986 campaign  between Kay Orr and Helen Boosalis, it was the first time in America  that two women had run for Governor of any State. I worked for Kay, the  Republican Governor; it was the first campaign I had ever worked on as  a 14-year-old. And then, most fundamentally, were her great words about  the Homestead Act and the settling of America. I am a fifth generation  Nebraskan and descended from homesteaders in the exact counties that  the Senator was talking about engaged in Jefferson County.   Our State on its 150th anniversary, looks back on a history built by  grit from homesteaders, as Senator Fischer mentioned, to a football  team at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln. Today, we celebrate all of those  things that make Nebraska special: hard work, resolve, and love and  care for our neighbors.   Millions of men and women settled Nebraska when our State was still  known as the Great American Desert. The Homestead Act made land  ownership accessible to anyone--to widows, to former slaves, to  immigrants. People of totally different backgrounds could legally own  160 acres of American land, and as long as they worked and lived on  that land for 5 years, they would get the deed. Your care of the land  is what mattered, not your background, not your status, not your family  name, but your willingness to work and to contribute and to feed the  world as our State still does today.   Today, Nebraska is the breadbasket of the world, exporting more than  $6 billion a year of agricultural products. We have cared about the  land for this last century and a half, but we care even more about our  neighbors. Two towns tell that story well.   During World War II, North Platte launched a hospitality initiative  that reached 6 million American troops as they would head for Pacific  and European theaters in World War II. Folks in the town saw trains  stop in North Platte every day and decided that they would cheer those  servicemen who were on their way to the war to fight for our freedom.   On Christmas Day in 1941, a young woman named Rae Wilson, a 26-year- old saleswoman, founded the North Platte Canteen. For 4 years,  volunteers would meet each train--full of troops and passing through  North Platte--with candy, with fruit, with smiles, with hugs, and with  encouragement, thanking those men for how they were going to fight to  defend the freedoms that made places like Nebraska and the rest of this  Nation great. Some soldiers would go on to become POWs, including the  first train of men that went through North Platte on Christmas Day in  1941. They had been sent off by these women of North Platte with food  and with encouragement for their fight. Some never returned home. Who  knows how much the kindness of those women meant to people from all of  the States as they passed through Nebraska on the way to their  deployments.   In recent years, that same generosity has shown up in Pilger, NE. In  June of 2014, twin tornadoes ripped through this small Nebraska town,  killing two and leveling the entire town--destroying 78 buildings. Only  in the two corners of the town were structures left standing. Some  people might not consider a town of 352 people a top priority, but  those folks are not from Nebraska. From all across our State, thousands  of volunteers just began driving to this town where tornadoes had  destroyed people's livelihoods and their homes, bringing meals and  sorting through rubble with people who had been strangers until the  volunteers arrived and became family.   Young and old, Nebraskans from all across our State pitched in 2\1/2\  summers ago. One retired teacher would drive 180 miles every day round  trip to serve in this community, helping people dig out of the rubble.  One little girl sent $70 in from her lemonade stand. Pilger became the  town known as the town too tough to die.   When we are not coming together to help our neighbors, we are usually  coming together to celebrate Husker football. Our team represents  something much bigger than just a typical collegiate sports team. It is  about toughness, and it is about community. The Bugeaters, as the  Nebraska Cornhuskers were first known in the 1890s, started with a  volunteer coach and now boast many Heisman Trophy winners, five  national titles, and a sellout streak that dates to October of 1962.   For those of you who think there are football teams in your States-- and I say this with all due respect to the Presiding Officer, who comes  from a State that has passable football--and for those of you who think  you are from States where football is taken seriously, there has not  been a seat available to a game in Nebraska since October of 1962.  Nebraska has had, by far, the biggest winning streak--the winningest  team--over the course of the last half century in American college  football.   Nebraskans know and love this team, not just because of the prowess  on the field but because Nebraska football is the undisputed champion  of Academic All-Americans in the country, having a 43-award lead over  the second closest team in the history of Academic All-American Awards  and American life.   That is Penn State, not North Carolina, that is in second place, I  say to the Presiding Officer.   We live, we breathe, and we love our football team. After each Husker  win, church attendance goes up, and crime goes down. Literally, for  generations, half of the boys in Nebraska grew up wanting to play  quarterback for Tom Osborne in the option offense. Why only half, you  ask? It is because the other half wanted to play Blackshirts defensive  football to smack the snot out of whoever was going to line up against  the Huskers on a given Saturday.   Success on the field is great, but the real reason Nebraskans are so  proud of this team is that the Cornhuskers embody the hard work,  resolve, teamwork, passion, and sportsmanship of the Nebraska people.  While these are the trademarks and hallmarks of our football, they are  really the hallmarks of our community associations--of Nebraska's  pioneers, of our farmers, our ranchers, our teachers, our small  business men and women, our churches, and our Rotary clubs.   Do you know what? We could not be any more proud of that heritage. On  this 150th anniversary, I join my senior Senator in saying, please,  come visit, and ``Go Big Red.''   I yield the floor.   