 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   (Mr. McGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Byrne) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, we are less than 2 months into 2017, and today we have  another closed rule, or as I call them, ``Putin rules.'' This is how  they operate in Russia--no deliberation. It is simply astonishing that  here in the people's House we continue to have this closed process: no  amendments, no debate, no nothing, completely shut down.   I have very serious concerns about the road we are traveling down.  The 115th Congress is only 6 weeks old, and we have already ushered in  a process that is alarmingly restrictive. It should distress not just  Democrats, but Republicans as well. This is now the norm and is very,  very sad.   Mr. Speaker, today's rule would pave the way for the House to repeal  two important consumer protections that help working families save for  retirement. These protections went through a very lengthy process of  review. We are repealing these protections without the committees of  jurisdiction having any chance to weigh in and in a rushed process that  is completely closed.   These protections, as I said, were reviewed by the relevant agencies;  they were subjected to public commentary; and we are bringing them to  the floor to repeal them without even giving the committees of  jurisdiction an opportunity to actually discuss these bills, to discuss  whether this makes sense.   Mr. Speaker, America is facing a retirement savings crisis, and rules  like this--I should say, protections like this--are essential to  helping workers plan for the future. As of today, 55 million Americans  lack access to a way to save for retirement out of their regular  paycheck. As a result, nearly half of all workers have no retirement  assets. Yet we know that employees are 15 times more likely to save  just by having access to a workplace retirement plan. These programs  are a commonsense solution for working families and small businesses.   Republicans should be working to strengthen programs like these, not  rip them apart. If you have a problem and you want to make a tweak,  maybe you ought to work with the agency to make that tweak, but not an  outright repeal.   Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, pushing dangerous bills like this in a  closed process with no debate is a lousy way to conduct the people's  business. But with the avalanche of alternative facts coming out of the  Trump White House every day, it should be no surprise that the House  Republican majority on Capitol Hill is carrying on in such a heavy- handed way. God forbid, in the people's House, we should actually  deliberate and have debate and have the kind of give-and-take that the  American people expect.   Mr. Speaker, as bad as this process is, as bad as dismantling the  rules and regulations put in place to protect the savings of working  families is, I would like to take a few minutes to talk about something  that is very serious and troubling to the American people.   Mr. Speaker, this administration regularly goes on TV and appears  before the press--and let me say this as plainly as I can--and  consistently spouts falsehoods. Now, I am told, Mr. Speaker, that under  the rules and precedents of the House that there are certain things  that cannot be said. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Rules Committee  and as somebody who respects the precedents of the House, I am going to  be very polite in how I respond here today. I will speak plainly, but  politely. I want people to understand that I would like to say things  much stronger based on what is happening in this country and based on  what is happening in this administration.   Mr. Speaker, I certainly wouldn't want to do anything to hurt  anybody's feelings, but it is troubling what is happening, the  falsehoods and fabrications that we hear each and every day. Some of it  is trivial and some of it is silly, like saying that his inaugural  crowd size was bigger than President Obama's. Who cares?   But some are more sinister and more dangerous, like the claim that 3  million to 5 million ``illegal aliens'' voted for his opponent in the  2016 Presidential election. Every fact checker, every Secretary of  State, both Republicans and Democrats, say this is absolutely false.  There is no basis for this falsehood. It undermines confidence in our  political system. My fear is that the real purpose of this claim is to  put in place policies to restrict voter rights in order to make it more  difficult for people to vote in this country.   Mr. Speaker, every day it feels like President Trump and his White  House are trying to set a new record in terms of misinformation. There  are so many falsehoods coming out of this White House, it makes me  nostalgic for Nixon.   President Trump, in a meeting with U.S. Senators last week, repeated  another falsehood, that he only lost New Hampshire because thousands of  Massachusetts residents were bussed to the State to vote illegally.  This is simply not true. There is no basis for this statement. This is  similar to the President's fabrication that 3 million to 5 million  votes were cast illegally in the 2016 election. Plain and simple,  President Trump and his White House staff continue to provide zero  evidence to back up their claims of voter fraud.   On Sunday, when top White House aide Stephen Miller was asked about  the judiciary challenging President Trump's unconstitutional Muslim  ban, he aggressively attacked critics and said that ``the powers of the  President to protect our country are very substantial and will not be  questioned.'' The powers of the President will not be questioned. I  couldn't believe my ears when I heard that.    President Trump might talk a lot about his love for Vladimir Putin,  but this is not Russia. This is the United States of America. We have  checks and balances to stop authoritarianism. Kellyanne Conway, when  she is not giving free commercials for the Trump family business on the  taxpayers's dime, is making up stories about the Bowling Green  massacre, a terrorist attack which never happened, and spouting  alternative facts on a daily basis. The latest falsehood from the Trump  White House is one of the most serious yet.   In repeated interviews, both Vice President Mike Pence and National  Security Adviser Michael Flynn--I should be saying now, former National  Security Adviser Michael Flynn--said that Flynn did not speak with  Russian officials about U.S. sanctions before President Trump took  office. A new report shows that that is blatantly false.  [[Page H1141]]    After the U.S. intelligence community overwhelmingly agreed that  Russia had actively meddled in our 2016 Presidential election to tip  the result in favor of Donald Trump, President Obama announced strong  sanctions against Russia, including expelling 35 Russian diplomats or  agents from U.S. soil. When Vladimir Putin responded by saying that  they would not expel any U.S. officials in Russia--what many expected  he would not do--a lot of red flags were raised. A new report now shows  that, in the 24 hours that followed, Michael Flynn communicated with  Russian Government officials about the sanctions and may have actively  undermined U.S. foreign policy weeks before Donald Trump even took the  oath of office. And now we know that last month the Justice Department  informed the White House of Flynn's deception of the Vice President and  of the American people in the days immediately following the  inauguration.   Mr. Speaker, this is outrageous, and the fact that President Trump  did not immediately fire Michael Flynn as soon as this came to light is  stunning. I guess he was too concerned about crowd size rather than a  deeply compromised national security adviser.   Mr. Speaker, getting rid of Flynn is not enough. President Trump must  stop the blatant and dangerous falsehoods coming from his White House.  We need a full and independent and bipartisan investigation not only  under the purview of the intelligence committees; we need to have a  full investigation out in the open so the American people actually know  what happened and know how many others were involved in Flynn's  undermining of our national security.   Who knew what when?   Was Donald Trump aware of these unauthorized talks with Russia while  President Obama was enforcing sanctions?   The American people deserve the truth. They deserve transparency.  They deserve this Congress to actually do proper oversight.   One of the most troubling parts of all this is that the American  people would have been completely in the dark if it were not for the  hardworking journalists and patriotic U.S. officials who helped bring  this outrageous scandal to light. Now, more than ever, we need to  support freedom of the press, to hold President Trump and his White  House accountable.   The Republicans in Congress need to start doing their job by  exercising the strong oversight needed. President Trump needs to know  that he answers to the American people and he and no President is above  the law.   Mr. Speaker, America's hardworking families deserve a Congress that  puts them first and a President and a White House that tells the truth  instead of spreading falsehoods to stir up fear and advance a dangerous  and extreme agenda. We can have policy disagreements, but you have to  tell the truth. You can't just make stuff up.   As we are seeing with this administration, alternative facts are  contagious. The White House is rapidly losing the public's trust, and  every day that Congress fails to hold the Trump White House  accountable, we are losing the public's trust as well.   Members of Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, have a  responsibility to stand up for the truth and hold the President and his  White House accountable. We are here to serve the American people, and  they need to know that we are fighting for them, not serving as a  rubber stamp for this administration.   I urge my colleagues to vote against this rule, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The gentleman is correct, I did rise to object to certifying the  electoral college vote. Part of it was because I was appalled by the  unprecedented Russian interference in our election system. I would urge  the gentleman to read--maybe he doesn't want to read the classified  version of the report--the unclassified version of the report. It is  pretty outrageous. That is why so many of us have been calling for an  independent bipartisan commission to investigate this.   But the other reason why I objected was because of voter suppression.  I would say to the gentleman that that is an equally serious issue,  that there is still voter suppression in the United States of America,  and it is something that we need to deal with. I worry very much under  the Republican majority and under this White House that we are going to  see more of an effort to restrict people's right to vote.   Now, the gentleman is trying to paint a rosy picture about what we  are doing here. I mean, we have had 13 closed rules, 6 structured  rules, zero modified open rules, zero open rules. By the end of this  week, we will be a third of the way to breaking the record for the  Republicans' most closed Congress in the history of the United States,  and we are still in February. My friends have outdone themselves in  terms of closing up this process, of shutting people out from  participation.   The fact of the matter is, as I mentioned, these protections that the  Republicans want to repeal went through a long process, lots of review  within the agencies, lots of public commentary, a long time to develop  these protections. Now, if the Republicans aren't happy with it, one of  the things they might do is they could bring up these rules in the form  of legislation where we could have an open process, and people can  amend and add and change and do whatever they want to do to make it  better, if that is what they want to do.   But that is not what they are interested in. It is all about a press  release. This is mindless legislating. When committees of jurisdiction  do not do their job, do not hold hearings, do not do markups, and all  of a sudden the Rules Committee just reports something out and sends it  to the floor under a closed rule, that is mindless legislating. By the  way, I am on the Rules Committee. I don't think that we have yet had a  single bill come before the Rules Committee that went through  committee. I am happy I am on the Rules Committee. At least you see a  little action going on, but I feel bad if you are on any of these other  committees.   This is a lousy way to do business, and I am shocked that my  Republican friends come to the floor and defend the indefensible. This  is not the way this House should be run. This is the kind of process,  as I said at the opening, you would expect to see in Russia, not here  in the United States Congress. Different ideas should be debated.  People ought to have an opportunity to have their voices be heard. But  yet here, in this House of Representatives--which will break records in  terms of being the most restrictive Congress, I think, in history--the  name of the game is to try to shut people out. I think that is wrong. I  think my Republican friends should be ashamed of the way they are  conducting themselves in this Congress. This is not right.   I just point that out because I think it is important for people to  note that, by the end of this week, my Republican friends will be a  third of the way to breaking their own record for the most restrictive  Congress in history, with the most closed rules. That is something that  I don't think anyone should be proud of. But it is the new norm here:  shut everything down, shut everybody out. I think that results in bad  legislation and, again, mindless legislating like we are doing here  today.   Mr. Speaker, we are all deeply concerned, as I mentioned in my  opening statement, with the reports from our intelligence community  regarding potential foreign interference in our most recent election.  Everybody should be. Mr. Speaker, I am going to ask people to vote  ``no'' on the previous question. If we defeat the previous question, I  will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative  Swalwell's and Representative Cummings' bill which would create a  bipartisan commission to investigate foreign interference in our 2016  election. With the revelations about General Flynn coming to light, and  all that we know about his dealings with the Russians, this is  extremely timely.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, to discuss our proposal, I yield 3 minutes  to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. Swalwell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, there is one similarity with Russia and what we are  doing here today, and that is the process. This is completely closed.  This is totally undemocratic. There is no opportunity for amendment.  There is no opportunity for different opinions to be presented here.  So, again, this process is deeply flawed.   Again, my friends on the other side of the aisle may want to defend  it, but I will tell you this is unprecedented. With the number of  closed rules that we have seen, you are going to break all records.   My Republican friends also have the distinction of presiding over the  most closed Congress in history. This will outdo that because they are  moving in such a restrictive and closed way. This is not right.   The idea that we are going to repeal protections with an up-or-down  vote without having the committees of jurisdiction even do a hearing,  even to weigh the very points of view on this, to bring these bills to  the floor like this in a way that would not allow people to improve  these protections is outrageous. But this is the new norm here.  Everything is shut down.   And the gentleman is right that the previous question maybe is a  little bit off subject from the two underlying bills here, but as the  gentleman knows, we are currently debating the rule. This is a tool  used to set the House's agenda and to prioritize consideration of  legislation.   For that very reason, this is, in fact, the appropriate time for us  to explain to the American people what legislation we would like to  prioritize and what agenda we would like to pursue in this House.  Because the fact of the matter is, if we offer amendments to the Rules  Committee by a 9-4 vote, we are turned down. We are shut out all the  time.   So this is our only opportunity to be able to bring some of our  priorities before our fellow Members in the House and to be able to let  the American people know that some of us in this House are horrified by  Russian interference in our election. It is unprecedented what they  did. Anybody who sat through any of the briefings or even read the  unclassified report, I don't know how you could not be horrified by the  deliberate attempt to impact our elections.   And yet, we can't even get oversight in this House. The wagons have  all circled around the President. You can't do anything that will make  him uncomfortable. Well, the fact of the matter is this is about more  than making a President of the United States uncomfortable. This is  about defending our electoral system, defending our democracy.   And the gentleman from California, in arguing in favor of voting  ``no'' on the previous question so we can bring up a bill that would  allow there to be an independent bipartisan investigation of Russian  interference on our election I think is even more important, given what  we know about what happened with General Flynn. Many of us said, when  he was being considered for the top national security spot in the White  House, that this was a bad choice. Why? Well, because this is a guy who  regularly peddled in conspiracy theories, whacky conspiracy theories.   Members of the intelligence community, members of our Defense  Department regularly said, when he was being considered, that this was  a bad choice. My Republican friends said nothing. Now we realize just  how bad a choice this was and how bad the President's judgment was in  allowing a man like this to be elevated to such a high position in the  White House.   There are serious questions that need to be answered here. I would  say to my colleagues, rather than trying to dodge and rather than  trying to hide and rather than trying to frustrate attempts to get to  the truth, there ought to be a bipartisan effort, similar to the 9/11  Commission, where people come together and, in an open, transparent way  so the American people know what is going on, are able to get to the  truth. That is what we are trying to do here. We have no other means to  be able to get our views heard--certainly not in the Rules Committee.  Every amendment we offer is turned down.   So I would say to my colleagues, vote ``no'' on the previous  question. Let us be able to bring up the Swalwell-Cummings bill and  have a vote on it. If you don't want to do an investigation, then vote  ``no.'' But this is important and, I would argue, more important than  the underlying bills, given what we are faced with. This is serious  business, and it is about time my friends on the other side of the  aisle treated it as serious business.   I will just close, Mr. Speaker, by saying that I have served here now  for 20 years, and I have gotten to know some of the finest people in  this Chamber, both Democrats and Republicans. I know there are a lot of  Republicans who believe, as we do on the Democratic side, that we need  to find out  [[Page H1144]]  what happened and we need to get to the truth. We don't want to see  more attempts to block investigations.   I hope that those Republicans would join with us and vote ``no'' on  the previous question because, if you vote ``no,'' we get to bring this  up, we get to vote on it, and we still get to vote on the underlying  legislation. This doesn't slow anything down; this doesn't stop  anything; but it allows us, at this very important moment, to be able  to debate something that I know a lot of people in this country are  very concerned about.   Mr. Speaker, again, vote `no' on the previous question, and vote  ``no'' on this closed, restrictive Putin rule.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, a parliamentary inquiry.    My parliamentary inquiry is, are there any amendments  that have been made in order under this rule?    Can the Speaker respond to whether this is a closed  rule, which means that no amendments are in order?    Thank you, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.  [[Page H1145]]    The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   