 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1665, the Disaster Declaration  Improvement Act, as amended, which will ensure that the severity and  number of recent disasters are afforded greater weight by FEMA when  making disaster declaration recommendations to the President.   This bill addresses an unfair situation where small and rural  communities located in States with large populations are seemingly  denied Federal disaster assistance because of the State's large  population. We have seen instances where a storm inflicts similar  damage in two communities of similar size located in different States,  but the State with a lower population receives a disaster declaration  while the State with a larger population does not receive the disaster  declaration.   For example, in 2013, several counties in Illinois were hit by a  tornado causing 6 deaths, at least 180 injured, and widespread damage.  The same storm system produced tornadoes and caused damage in the  smaller neighboring States of Missouri and Kentucky, both of which  received disaster declarations, while the State of Illinois did not.   To be clear, the Stafford Act prohibits the denial of disaster  assistance to a State or local community based on income or population.  However, given some of the examples, it appears that that is precisely  what is occurring. It is time for this to stop and to treat all small  and rural communities fairly.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. Bustos).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 1679, the FEMA Accountability,  Modernization and Transparency Act of 2017. Our State and local  partners are the first responders to any emergency disaster or  terrorist attack. They do an outstanding job, given their limited  resources and irregular nature of the events to which they respond.   We need to make sure that our partners, States, local governments,  first responders, and nonprofits have access to the latest equipment,  technology, training, and other resources needed to address any gaps in  preparedness and to ensure that they remain as responsive as possible  in an emergency. To assist them in their efforts, the Department of  Homeland Security provides several discrete types of preparedness  grants to help our partners meet the core capabilities needed to  prepare our Nation for any hazard.   FEMA's 2016 National Preparedness Report found that much more work is  needed in areas such as cybersecurity, economic recovery, housing,  infrastructure systems, and supply chain integrity and security in  order to meet our goal of being prepared and resilient.   Despite the valuable benefits these grants provide, President Trump  proposed to cut funding for these grants in his so-called skinny  budget. President Trump has proposed prioritizing a border wall over  the lives and safety of our residents. I am pleased to note that this  week Congress will be voting on an omnibus fiscal year 2017  appropriations bill that funds these programs at sufficient levels.   Since 2015, FEMA has been modernizing its management of these grant  programs by making information technology platforms more user friendly.  As FEMA continues to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of its  grants management, this bill will ensure that FEMA ensures that the  system is more accessible and transparent to applicants.   The bill requires FEMA to include mechanisms to eliminate duplication  of benefits and enable the sharing of information among agencies and  with State, local, and tribal governments, where appropriate, while  FEMA continues its modernization efforts.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1678,  as amended.   I am pleased and proud to yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Frankel), the author and sponsor of this  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1678, which I rise in support of, is a bill that  will clarify the existing statute of limitations for public assistance  provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, to State,  tribal, and local grantees.   Pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency  Assistance Act, or the Stafford Act, FEMA provides public assistance  grants to State, tribal, and local governments to assist in their  recovery efforts after a disaster strikes.   Generally, FEMA approves the use for public assistance funds  immediately after the disaster or while the project is being completed.  This is the appropriate time to decide how a grantee should spend  disaster funds.   Once the project is completed, the grantee submits documentation of  completion to FEMA. However, in some instances, FEMA or the inspector  general has reviewed projects many years or even a decade after the  grantee has submitted project completion documents. At times, FEMA has  changed its policy determination on the appropriate use of the funds,  or the inspector general has second-guessed FEMA's decision on the  appropriate use of the funds. FEMA then tries to recover project funds  years later.   Under this bill introduced by Congresswoman Frankel, FEMA may still  attempt to recover funds but must do so within 3 years after the  project is completed. I commend Representative Frankel for her  commitment to address this issue. She has worked tirelessly to bring  this matter to the forefront.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the measure, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   