 Mr. Chairman, I, too, rise in opposition of this  amendment. The proponent suggests that his amendment is basically  necessary for the functioning of the CFPB. It is not. The CFPB is going  to continue to function but with the accountability of the American  people.   This amendment is inconsistent--inconsistent with the fundamental  principle of American Government: of government of the people, by the  people, and for the people. This amendment is inconsistent with the  fundamental American principle of self-rule. That happens in this  Congress.   Congress needs to have authority over every part of the Federal  Government, including the CFPB, so we can make the determination of  what harm it may be bringing to consumers. We do know that consumers  have been harmed with loss of free checking and losing their local  community institutions because of the overregulation coming from this  town.   So I urge my fellow Members to defeat this amendment and to vote for  accountability over the CFPB.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.   Here we go again: another amendment defending another one-size-fits- all Washington solution, and a solution that the D.C. Circuit Court of  Appeals would say is going to be promulgated by the single most  powerful official, other than the President, in the United States  Government, an official that could effect the lives of countless  Americans who are in need of short-term credit.   This amendment is a solution in search of a problem. There is no  regulation going on in payday lending. The fact is these transactions  are being regulated. They are being regulated at the State level by  legislators who know their States and their constituents.   This CFPB action, if they act here, may very well remove the option  to utilize a small-dollar short-term loan, and that is likely to have a  very real and very harmful impact on the consumer, forcing them to miss  bill payments, shift to alternative--potentially illegal--options, or  exacerbating any number of other conceivable financial emergencies that  could arise.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment.   