 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today not as an elected doctor, not as any  elected thing except as a Member of Congress. But also I rise today as  a father of a child who we were told before she was born that it would  probably be best to kill her; that she had a disability, and it was  probably best that there would be better choices for us to make in life  than to not have her.   I rise today for Micah's bill simply for those that the statement has  been made that once children are here, there are problems that are  political choices and life circumstances. Those are things that we have  to deal with and that we should actually look at, but those are only  available for those who are lucky enough to have a birthday. This bill  is really about a birthday. It is about giving the unborn a chance at  life.   It is interesting to me today, Mr. Speaker, that many medical  professionals who are against this bill also will choose to anesthetize  those same babies in the womb because of their reaction to the  procedure. They don't want to talk about that. They want to talk about  something else.   But I simply come back to saying that this bill is about life. And  maybe, it is said, that this is something we are talking about, a  procedure, but it is talking about life and it is talking about  birthdays. It is talking about that life in that womb matters, and the  potential from life until death is something that I believe God has  given.   When we understand that, let's take it out of the realm of choosing a  choice. We are standing here today and I am standing here today to take  up for the rights of that baby in the womb and making sure that  birthdays come, that life happens. When you look at someone like Micah  and you understand that many people would have wrote them off as  unviable, God had a different choice, and that is, today, that young  boy that was on Capitol Hill last week.   But it doesn't take Micah for me. It just takes Jordan for me, my 25- year-old who just texted me just a few minutes ago to say: Daddy, I  love you. Over 25 years ago someone told me and my wife that she was  not worth having. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to stand for those  still in the womb waiting for life.   