 DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   This is different from the other years that we have stood up here.  This trophy isn't for either team. This trophy is for Steve.   I just want you all to know that when we got the news at our baseball  practice about what was going on, the only thing we could think about  is that we are a family. When we stood in the dugout and prayed that  you were safe and that no one was hurt, we weren't thinking about  Democrats and Republicans. We were thinking about our fellow Members.   I was thinking about your son, Jack, and all the fun times I have had  kidding him. I was thinking about Cedric Richmond's 3-year-old son, who  was with us, and what would have happened if that shooter had come over  to our dugout.   If there is a silver lining to that terrible day, it was reflected in  the outpouring of people who showed up at our game. We normally get a  crowd of 9,000 to 10,000. We had 25,000 people come to that game.   We normally raise about $500,000 for the three charities that the  game supports. I have a check here that says we raised $1.5 million,  but that is not correct. It is $1.7 million. Some worthwhile charities  are going to get a check they weren't expecting.   I want to reiterate what you said about our Capitol Police. To have  someone shooting bullets at you, that is terrifying enough. To make the  decision to put yourself out there and charge at that shooter to make  sure that there wasn't a massacre takes a special kind of person.   To see Crystal throw that ball out last night at the women's softball  game brought a lot of joy to my heart. We owe a real debt of gratitude  to the Capitol Police who protect us on these grounds.   I want Joe to know that we continue to think about all of you. You  are in our prayers, you are in our thoughts. Something terrible  happened. For many of you, it might take days before it hits you. I  would encourage anyone who is feeling that to talk to someone. Don't be  bashful about that. This was a traumatic experience for your team,  especially, but I want you to know that you are in our hearts and in  our prayers.    As we said before, Joe and I are going to walk this trophy over to  Steve's office. When the hospital gives us clearance, we are going to  go over to the hospital and present it to Steve personally. This is for  him right now. We want him to know that the entire Congress thinks  about him every day, prays for him and his family, and we hope to get  him back here on the House floor as soon as possible.   