 Mr. President, last weekend a man camped out on the 32nd  floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel in Las Vegas. He stockpiled 23 weapons  and hundreds of rounds of ammunition. He set up bipods and scopes. He  brought a hammer to knock out the window. Then, on Sunday, he opened  fire. He kept firing for 15 minutes, stopping only to reload and switch  weapons. Over 15 minutes, he murdered 58 Americans and injured more  than 500.   The day after the shooting, I was in Washington. I had seven or eight  meetings, and not a single person in those meetings brought up the  worst shooting in modern American history--not one.   I am not sure if it was two mass shootings ago or three when we  started to accept this as a normal condition of American life, when we  lost our belief that it was within our power to protect our fellow  Americans at a country music concert or at a nightclub or at a movie  theater or at a school.   I know there are strong beliefs about guns in America--principled  beliefs--but there are also steps that the overwhelming majority of  Americans want us to take. There are 90 percent of Americans who think  we need background checks for every gun sale, including 74 percent of  NRA members. There are 89 percent of Americans who think we should  prevent the mentally ill from purchasing guns. There are 82 percent of  Republicans who want us to bar gun purchases for people on the no-fly  or terrorist watch list. Yet Congress has done nothing to respond to  the American people. We did nothing after Aurora, after Newtown, after  Orlando--nothing.   Unlike Washington, in Colorado, after the two mass shootings in  Aurora and at Columbine, our legislators rose to the occasion and made  tough choices after we suffered two of the worst mass shootings in our  Nation's history. After the massacre at Columbine, we closed the gun  show loophole. After the tragedy in Aurora, we strengthened our  background checks in a Western State. Last year, those background  checks blocked 8,704 people from buying guns. That may sound like a  lot, but 380,000 people applied for guns in Colorado last year. That  means just 2 percent of those folks who applied were blocked and that  98 percent were able to buy guns without a problem.   Who were the 2 percent whom Colorado is blocking but whom this  Congress fails to block? Among them were murderers and rapists and  kidnappers and domestic abusers.   No one could come to this floor and tell me Colorado is worse off  because we have kept guns out of the hands of those people. The average  wait time for those background checks is 12 minutes. That strikes me as  a fair tradeoff to keep guns out of the hands of murderers and  kidnappers and rapists. Yet here in Washington, despite now an annual  tragedy--tragedy after tragedy--Congress has done nothing. We haven't  even done the simple things like close the gun show loophole or stop  people on the terrorist watch list from buying weapons.   This is not about taking guns away from people who have them. It is  about keeping guns out of the hands of people who nearly everybody  agrees should not have them. It is about stopping more people like the  Las Vegas killer from modifying his rifles to become almost fully  automatic and far more deadly. I cosponsored a bill this week to ban  those modifications, and I am encouraged that some of my Republican  colleagues seem to be open to that idea.   I know we cannot stop every madman or every random act of violence in  this country--we cannot--just as we cannot stop every murder from  happening, but that does not mean we should not make them less likely  or that we cannot take steps to limit their harm, steps that are backed  by the overwhelming majority of Americans and that are fully consistent  with the Constitution.   I remember, after the shooting at the Pulse Nightclub, I was supposed  to take my daughter to camp that day.  [[Page S6334]]  She was going to be away from us for a month. I can remember I did  everything I could to keep her from hearing the news that day, as the  numbers of fatalities increased during the course of the day, because I  didn't want her to leave us--she was about 12 at the time--with a sense  of fear, the fear I felt and the country felt. I am so sorry my  children and America's children have to grow up in a country where mass  shootings are common, where we are beginning to see them just as part  of our lives.   I heard somebody the other day on television say that is the price of  freedom. What a shame that somebody would say that in the United States  of America. What a surrender that represents to our children and to the  victims of these crimes. I didn't grow up in that America, but  conditions have changed. We have let it happen. The result is, we now  have an entire generation of Americans--of our countrymen, our sons,  and our daughters--who are growing up with a reasonable fear that they  could be victims of a mass shooting or that their moms or their dads  might not come home one day.   I think our kids have enough to worry about. They have every right to  see a movie with their parents, to go dancing with their friends, or to  see a concert on their one night off without having the fear of being  shot down by people who have no business carrying such powerful  weapons. They have a right to expect that this Congress will finally do  something about gun violence in our country--violence which is far  greater than anywhere else in the industrialized world.   In the wake of these horrific acts, as always, Americans spring into  action. First responders secure the area and care for the wounded.  Neighbors hold vigils to honor the victims and support grieving  families. Journalists shed light on what happened and why. Citizens  speak out to demand action from their elected officials. They are doing  their jobs, and it is time for Congress to do ours.   I yield the floor.   