 Mr. President, there are few moments in the life of a  nation when the people are presented with a single choice that directly  affects what equality before the law will mean for the next generation.  The opportunity to grant a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court of  the United States is  [[Page S2331]]  one of those moments. The next Supreme Court Justice will break the 4- to-4 deadlock that has constrained the Court since the passing of  Justice Scalia and this body's unprecedented refusal to act on Chief  Judge Merrick Garland's nomination to fill that vacancy during the  final year of President Obama's second term.   Before discussing the pending nominee's merits, we must consider this  nomination in its historical context. Chief Judge Garland, I believe,  was one of the most qualified nominees for the Supreme Court in  generations. After meeting with him and reviewing his record, I had no  doubt that he easily would have earned bipartisan support and cleared  the 60-vote threshold, as did each of President Obama's prior nominees  to the Court. Yet my colleagues on the other side of the aisle refused  even to meet with him. His treatment was disgraceful.   Rejecting the treatment Chief Judge Garland received, I met with  Judge Neil Gorsuch and shared a thoughtful conversation. I found him to  be intelligent and articulate but at the same time, he was not  particularly forthcoming about his judicial record, which contains many  distressing examples of inconsistency and ideological rigidity. Nothing  in our conversation or his testimony before the Judiciary Committee  convinced me that he plans to moderate his positions to dispense equal  justice under the law. I am deeply concerned that granting him a  lifetime appointment to be a final authority on the meaning of the  Constitution would further tip the scales of justice in favor of  corporations and the powerful at the expense of working people and the  powerless. Therefore, I cannot support Judge Gorsuch's nomination to  the Supreme Court of the United States.   This is a pivotal time for our Nation, when the people's trust in the  judiciary is in decline, attributed by many to the streak of 5-to-4  decisions of the Roberts Court that have consolidated corporate power.  Given how radically the Court has changed many of our institutions over  just the past decade, it is difficult to overstate the importance of  understanding a nominee's judicial values and the human element the  nominee will bring to the Court.   I have applied the same, simple test to each Supreme Court nominee  throughout my time in this body. It is not enough for a nominee to  display intellectual gifts or to possess a textbook understanding of  American history and jurisprudence. Judicial decision making at the  Supreme Court is not an assembly line where mechanical application of  the law will resolve every dispute.   Rather, the nominee must demonstrate that she or he will use judicial  discretion to give meaning to the text and spirit of the Constitution.   Justice Harlan Fiske Stone laid the foundation for this model of  judicial review in United States v. Carolene Products Co. He wrote that  judges must enforce the specific text of the Constitution, but he went  further than that, urging judges to apply stricter scrutiny to laws  that impede the effective operation of government and channels of  political participation. Judges should likewise demand the most  compelling justifications for laws that single out powerless, discrete,  and insular minorities. These principles deeply influenced future  scholars and judges and laid the groundwork for modern constitutional  law as we have understood it since the Warren Court.   These are the decisions that struck down race and gender segregation,  proclaimed the rule of ``one person, one vote,'' enshrined the right to  remain silent and to counsel in police custody, and recognized  the fundamental right of a person to marry for love, regardless of race  or gender.    This tradition stands in stark contrast to the new wave of hyper- partisan legal activism we have seen manifested in our courts in recent  years. This judicial activism attempts to disguise judges' personal  political agenda by arguing that they are merely applying pure,  indisputable, mechanical logic. This philosophy goes by varied names:  textualism, originalism, strict constructionism, and so forth. But in  the main, it is an ideological prism to disguise traditional judicial  discretion, expand the law without limits to benefit politically  powerful majority groups and corporations, and constrict the law for  the minorities, workers, and the politically powerless.   We know too well the devastating effects of this line of thinking as  it has manifested itself in the Roberts Court. In the case of Shelby  County, the Court disregarded congressional intent and ruled 5 to 4  that the preclearance formula that helped millions of African Americans  secure the vote in States with a history of discrimination was no  longer necessary. This freed several States to enact severely  restrictive election laws that clearly benefit one party and racial  group at the expense of another, and courts are still working to  resolve these imbalances.   In Hobby Lobby, with an intellectual framework formed in part by  Judge Gorsuch, the Court ruled 5 to 4 to give for-profit corporations  religious rights to opt out of providing comprehensive health coverage  for their employees. This has opened the door for corporate religious  challenges to an untold number of duly enacted restraints on corporate  excess, from child labor laws to basic protections against employment  discrimination.   In Citizens United, as we all too well know, the Court broke with  decades of precedent, the facts of the case, and common sense to create  a constitutional right for corporations to spend unlimited money on our  elections. Indeed, our political system is still reeling from billions  of dollars in anonymous political expenditures, and we are only now  beginning to recognize the national security concerns that have  resulted, with hostile powers, such as Russia, seeking to influence our  democracy. In order to satisfy partisan, ideological ends, the Court  has left us powerless to limit the purchase of political influence or  even to know who is spending all this money on our politics.   Judge Gorsuch's record strongly suggests that he would contribute to  the Roberts Court's partisan, pro-corporate orientation. Indeed, the  very same business groups that spent $7 million in dark money to block  Chief Judge Garland's nomination to this seat also spent $10 million on  ads and lobbying efforts to support Judge Gorsuch's nomination. It  stands to reason that these groups believe that Judge Gorsuch shares  their right-wing beliefs and will benefit their interests.   The Judiciary is supposed to be above politics. Judges write opinions  to satisfy due process and establish precedents that will guide future  decisions. The opinion-writing process is not intended to be an arena  for judges to pursue self-serving or ideological ends. That is why I am  deeply concerned with Judge Gorsuch's clear willingness on the Tenth  Circuit to go beyond precedent and the facts of a case before him to  advance arguments designed to bend the law to his ideology.   In Riddle v. Hickenlooper, Judge Gorsuch joined a panel decision that  struck down uneven contribution limits in Colorado election laws. He  then wrote separately to advocate that all campaign finance laws should  be subject to greater constitutional questioning. This was both  unnecessary to decide the case, and a clear signal by Judge Gorsuch  that he would work to abolish what remains of laws limiting the flow of  anonymous corporate money into our elections.   Judge Gorsuch has reached furthest beyond precedent when doing so  would deconstruct Federal agencies that constrain corporations, and  protect workers, consumers, and the environment. This confirmation  process has introduced many to a relatively obscure doctrine of  administrative law called Chevron deference. The Chevron case stands  for the essentially uncontested proposition that, when someone sues a  Federal agency and a reasonable person could read the statute at issue  more than one way, the court should defer to the agency's reasonable  interpretation of the law it is charged with enforcing. This case has  long been a target for attacks by corporations and their advocates  because it levels the playing field in cases between massively well- funded corporate lawyers who want no regulations, and agencies charged  with bringing big business into compliance with the law. Judge Gorsuch  has written strongly against this principle, but even Justice Scalia  acknowledged the sound reasoning behind the Chevron case.   Judge Gorsuch would seemingly return us to the old days when powerful  [[Page S2332]]  companies could pollute the environment, scam their customers, and  discriminate against their employees as long as they could pay enough  lawyers and get the right judge when the Federal agency sues. In the  case of Gutierrez-Brizuela v. Lynch, he took the very unusual step of  writing a concurrence to his own majority opinion in order to attack  Federal agencies and make the case that decades of Chevron precedent  should be overturned. It is highly unusual, after you have written the  majority opinion at the circuit level deciding the case, that you would  then step aside and write a separate epistle advancing your ideas.   He wrote in language that is familiar to those of us in the political  branches of government, but out of the ordinary for a Federal judge. He  compared Federal agencies to a ``tyrannical king'' and a ``behemoth''  and a ``colossus'' and laid out his constitutional theory for  challenging Chevron in the Supreme Court. None of this analysis was  necessary to the case before Judge Gorsuch. Yet in writing this and  similar opinions, Judge Gorsuch signaled his willingness to break from  precedent and contort the law to fit his ideological vision of how the  system should work to benefit the powerful and his preferred interests.   My colleagues on the Judiciary Committee spent a great deal of time  and effort questioning Judge Gorsuch and trying to elicit responses  about his basic judicial philosophy. Unfortunately, his answers were  largely nonresponsive and failed to address many of our concerns about  his record.   Judge Gorsuch's record and writings shows he believes judges should  always interpret the Constitution and other laws from the perspective  of those who first drafted the law, regardless of how the world looks  today.   The Founders and Framers, however, did not leave us a blueprint to  answer every new question of law. Nor did the delegates to the  Constitutional Convention demand that all future judges be  ``originalists.'' The laws and values of 1789 would shock and  alienate--as they should--many Americans today, particularly women and  racial and other minority groups. Worse yet, a judge attempting to  resolve a case as if it were the 18th, 19th, or even 20th centuries may  wittingly or unwittingly use that construct to inject into the case the  judge's own view of how the government ought to work.   The Hobby Lobby case is a key example of this ideological  inconsistency at work to the detriment of less powerful Americans. This  case concerned, as I noted earlier, whether a for-profit corporation  could refuse to comply with the Affordable Care Act's mandate that  employers provide health coverage, including contraceptives, to over  23,000 employees on the ground that doing so would conflict with the  corporation's purported religious rights under the Religious Freedom  Restoration Act, or RFRA.   The text of RFRA provides that the ``government shall not  substantially burden a person's exercise of religion even if the burden  results from a rule of general applicability.'' The legislative history  of RFRA is both recent and clear. In the case of Employment Division v.  Smith, decided in 1990, the Supreme Court rejected two peyote users'  claim of a religious right to consume the drug on grounds that the  Constitution permits some burdens on religion if the aim of the law is  secular and generally applicable. When Congress debated RFRA in 1993,  the House and Senate reports showed explicitly that Congress's aim was  ``only to overturn the Supreme Court's decision in Smith'' and to  require courts considering RFRA cases to ``look to free exercise cases  decided prior to Smith for guidance.''   No Supreme Court case prior to this time had ever granted  corporations religious rights and nothing in RFRA's legislative history  suggested that Congress's intent was to do so. Notwithstanding these  facts, Judge Gorsuch joined his colleagues to hold that a for-profit  corporation's religious beliefs may overcome its employees own  consciences and rights to comprehensive health coverage. He relied on  an 1871 law called the Dictionary Act, which provided that in certain  circumstances, Congress's use of the term ``person'' can also mean  businesses, ``unless the context indicates otherwise.'' This reference  to context means that Judge Gorsuch had discretion to use history and  common sense to reach the conclusion that corporations don't have  religious views, but people do, and RFRA was enacted to protect real  people's rights. But instead, he took this opportunity to endow  corporate entities with religious rights that could help them escape  the law in untold circumstances.   Let's explore for a moment Judge Gorsuch's belief that judges should  always give meaning to the original intent of a law's draftsmen. In  this case, what is a corporation and how does it operate? In 1787,  there were roughly six non-bank corporations in America, and their  powers were severely restricted in the wake of colonists' experiences  with the abusive practices of the Crown and royal English corporations.  Around the time that Congress passed the Dictionary Act, corporations  were harshly regulated by law to achieve specific commercial ends and  nothing more. There were legal limits on the capital they could raise.  Many could not operate outside their state of incorporation. They were  often prohibited from owning property that was not necessary for  specific commercial activities. Most were even forbidden to engage in  any activity that was not explicitly enumerated in their corporate  charters, and a real person could sue to render a corporation's action  a legal nullity if it were not expressly in furtherance of the  corporation's business mission. The idea that a corporation in this  context could exercise fundamental religious rights, much less that its  religion should excuse it from complying with duly enacted laws that  protect real people, would have been outrageous to the Framers and the  Congress that passed the Dictionary Act.   Judge Gorsuch knew or should have known the ahistorical nature of his  decisions. We have yet to see the full scope and consequences of his  vision of a near-unlimited right of corporations to opt out of our  laws, but we can imagine the harmful choices and difficult litigation  on this point that may lie ahead. I, for one, have deep concerns about  any judicial philosophy that bends so far in the direction of corporate  interests and completely ignores tens of thousands of real people in  the process.   For as much as Judge Gorsuch's record shows that he is willing to  entertain new or arcane legal theories to reach a better outcome for  corporations and the powerful, it is also clear that he will go to no  such length to vindicate the rights of minorities, the disabled or  workers.   One example highlighted during Judge Gorsuch's confirmation hearing  is his record on lawsuits under the Individuals with Disabilities  Education Act, or IDEA. The purpose of IDEA is to ensure that students  with disabilities receive a public education that is tailored to their  special individual needs. In the 2008 case popularly referred to as the  Luke P. case, however, Judge Gorsuch ruled against the parents of a  severely autistic child who sought reimbursement for the cost of a  specialized school because their son was not making appropriate  progress in the public school. In denying the parents relief, Gorsuch  reinterpreted IDEA to require that public schools need only provide de  minimis, or nonzero educational progress to children with disabilities.  Not only did Judge Gorsuch go beyond the facts of the case to close any  path to relief for the family, but in this and similar cases, he  attempted to set a legal precedent for future cases that effectively  eviscerated the meaning and protections of IDEA.   Fortunately, the Supreme Court intervened. In a rare unanimous  decision released, ironically, on the second day of Judge Gorsuch's  confirmation hearing, the Court rejected Judge Gorsuch's narrow reading  of the law. In fact, the Chief Justice did not mince words when it came  to Judge Gorsuch's lower bar for schools. He said Judge Gorsuch's model  would hardly provide ``an education at all'' for children with  disabilities, and that ``receiving instruction that aims so low would  be tantamount to `sitting idly . . . awaiting the time when they were  old enough to drop out.' '' This stark, unanimous rebuke of Judge  Gorsuch's view of the law in the middle of his confirmation hearing was  yet another reminder that this nominee is outside of the judicial  mainstream.  [[Page S2333]]    But Judge Gorsuch has not just restricted his reading of the law in  the educational context. In TransAm Trucking, Inc. v. Administrative  Review Board, a majority of the Tenth Circuit held that a truck driver  was wrongfully fired when he drove away from his trailer to find help  after being stranded for hours in subzero temperatures in a vehicle  with no heat and a rig with failed brakes. Judge Gorsuch disagreed so  sharply that he penned a dissent. Under his strict textualist view of  the law, the driver was protected from firing for ``refusing'' to  operate in dangerous conditions, but the word ``refusing'' could not be  interpreted to include driving away to get potentially lifesaving help,  rather than freezing to death. Again and again, Judge Gorsuch's record  shows he is capable, but either unwilling or unable to give the same  benefit of the doubt to average working people as he does to their  employers, their landlords and the most powerful among us.   Mr. President, Constitutional law is not concerned with easy cases or  simple answers. We have constitutional guarantees to inalienable rights  because we know that majority rule sometimes gets it wrong,  particularly when it comes to the rights of the minority. That is what  makes the qualifications for a seat on the Supreme Court fundamentally  different from any other Federal or State court in the Nation. A  judge's job is to apply precedent, be faithful to the law, and exercise  measures of empathy and common sense to dispense justice. A Supreme  Court Justice's job is to decide when the law is wrong and must be  changed in order to fulfill the promise of the Constitution. The  Supreme Court cannot perform this function unless the individual  Justices bring to it the values and willingness to be the last resort  for the powerless when the system fails. They must be able to make  unpopular decisions and side against political and cultural majorities.  They must be able to reject precedent when the established way of doing  things no longer safeguards the fundamental protections to which every  American is entitled. They must do this for the least and most derided  among us, because if they do not, there is nowhere else to turn. They  have the final word on the meaning of the law.   I take Judge Gorsuch at his word that he respects the law and  approaches this nomination with seriousness and a sense of  responsibility. A thoughtful reading of his work as an advocate and a  judge reveals that he has a consistent predisposition to favor  corporations and the powerful over human beings and the powerless. To  be sure, there is nothing inherently wrong when a corporation, or a  landlord, or an employer or a President of the United States wins a  case in a court of law. The system often works as it should even when  it hands new victories to those who seldom lose at anything. But at  this moment in the life of our Nation, it is vital that the next  Justice of the Supreme Court be willing and able to elevate the rights  of the people above the prevailing political view of the wealthiest and  most powerful when the two are in conflict. I cannot conclude that  Judge Gorsuch meets this standard. Therefore, I will oppose his  nomination and I would urge my colleagues to do the same.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gardner). The Senator from New Mexico.    Mr. President, the Senate has decided on a purely partisan  basis to resolve the impasse of Judge Gorsuch's nomination by invoking  the so-called ``nuclear option.'' For the first time in our history,  nominees to the Supreme Court of the United States may advance from  nomination to confirmation with a simple majority vote in this body.   I have heard many of my colleagues ascribe blame equally to both  sides, and I have heard analysts and experts say the same. One can  question that diagnosis, as some very respected scholars like Norm  Ornstein of the American Enterprise Institute and Thomas Mann of the  Brookings Institute have demonstrated that our political polarization  over the last several years, and hence our current impasse, has been  driven predominantly by the ever more conservative ideology of the  Republican Party. Regardless, here we are.   The Gorsuch nomination lacks the traditional level of support  required for a Supreme Court seat, and the majority leader has chosen a  step that Democrats clearly and emphatically rejected when we needed to  confirm nominees with broad support but were blocked because they were  submitted by President Obama.   I had hoped it was not too late for cooler heads to prevail.  Unfortunately, adherence to the principle of 60 votes for consideration  of a Justice of the Supreme Court and indeed the existing rule in the  Senate was ignored, and we are at this impasse.   Since many have drawn a false equivalence between the last so-called  ``nuclear option'' vote of several years ago and what occurred today,  let me take a moment to explain, for my part, why I very reluctantly  supported a change to the Senate precedent for nominees other than the  Supreme Court in 2013.   During President Obama's tenure, Republicans necessitated more  cloture votes than were taken under every previous President combined.  Let me repeat that. During President Obama's tenure, Republicans  necessitated more cloture votes than were taken under every previous  President combined, from George Washington to George W. Bush. In  numerical terms, Republicans demanded a cloture vote 79 times over just  5 years. In contrast--from the Founding Fathers all the way through  George W. Bush--the Senate only faced that situation 68 times.  Republicans obstructed Obama nominees more in 5 years than the United  States Senate obstructed all nominees combined over the course of more  than two centuries.   The bitter irony, of course, was that after a nominee would break  through, Republicans often would vote overwhelmingly to confirm the  very nominee they so adamantly delayed. It was clear their sole guiding  principle was obstruction and delay.   Judges nominated by President Obama faced some of the longest median  and average wait times under the five most recent Presidents, and  President Obama tied with President Clinton for the fewest number of  circuit  [[Page S2406]]  court nominees confirmed during that same period. All that time,  judicial vacancies stacked up. Justice was delayed and denied. Critical  public service roles went unfilled, and the American public came to  regard Congress as a place where nothing of substance can occur.   It was under those dire and unprecedented circumstances that I  reluctantly joined my colleagues to change the filibuster rules for  executive nominations and judicial nominations, other than the Supreme  Court--very consciously excluding the Supreme Court, which at that time  was recognized as appropriate by all my Republican colleagues. But  there really is no equivalence between that decision and what the  majority did today.   Even in 2013, at the height of Republicans' partisan attacks on  President Obama, Senate Democrats believed the Supreme Court was too  important to subject to a simple majority vote. The Supreme Court is a  coordinate branch of our government, and its lifetime appointees have  final authority to interpret the Constitution. We understood then--as  we do now--that the traditional 60-vote threshold to conclude debate on  the highest Court in our nation was too important to the consensus- driven character of this body to sacrifice.   I think we also have to acknowledge that a President already has  nominated a consensus choice capable of earning 60 votes to a seat on  the Court, and that nominee was Chief Judge Merrick Garland. The  unprecedented treatment he received by the majority has already made  this one of the most infamous and politicalized Supreme Court  nominations in American history. It is all the more disconcerting that  Judge Gorsuch witnessed Judge Garland be treated so poorly but now  seems to feel entitled to his seat on the Court, even if the Senate  must change its precedence to give it to him.   I already addressed this body about my deep concerns regarding Judge  Gorsuch's judicial record of ideological activism and championing the  powerful over the powerless, but it is worth going into greater detail  on one of his opinions that is emblematic of this, and that has  recently come to the fore.   In 2008, Judge Gorsuch heard what is referred to as the Luke P. Case.  In that case, the parents of an autistic child sought reimbursement  from a school district for the cost of specialized education because  the school had not provided adequate accommodations for the child under  the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act or IDEA. The case  presented heart-wrenching facts that are too familiar for families  affected by disabilities such as autism. The child, Luke, experienced  severe behavioral issues in public and at home. His parents sought  advice from the best sources available to create the most effective  atmosphere for him to make progress in school. Ultimately, they  recognized the public school Luke had attended could not provide the  learning atmosphere required by the law for Luke. So they placed him in  a different school setting.   Luke's parents exercised their rights under IDEA. The Colorado  Department of Education, the Colorado Office of Administrative Courts,  and a Federal district court all agreed that the law entitled them to  reimbursement from the school district that was not able to provide an  adequate learning environment for Luke. This should have been the end  of the matter, but when the school district appealed the case to the  Tenth Circuit, Judge Gorsuch's decision reversed all these factfinders  to hold in favor of the school district.   In order to reach his conclusion, Judge Gorsuch went to great  lengths--picking and choosing passages from previous decisions--to  weave a new standard that essentially eviscerated the protections under  IDEA. His strict interpretation of this landmark law utterly ignored  congressional intent and created a new precedent that schools need only  provide ``merely more than de minimis'' or, in plainer terms, just a  little bit more than zero educational opportunity for children with  disabilities. The immediate result of this decision was to force Luke  back into an inadequate learning environment and leave his parents with  yet another unexpected financial hardship. At the same time, Judge  Gorsuch's new legal standard threatened to degrade the quality of  education for children with disabilities all across the country.   The good news for Luke's family--and for so many others--is that the  Supreme Court of the United States intervened in a rare unanimous  opinion, reversing Judge Gorsuch's position--ironically during his  confirmation hearings. The Nation has been spared the potential harm  that could have resulted from lowering expectations for schools  nationwide and leaving families like Luke's without sufficient  recourse.   Yet as my colleagues and I have pointed out at every turn of this  confirmation process, this is far from the only decision by Judge  Gorsuch that is widely outside the mainstream of modern jurisprudence.  He is not--and was never intended to be--a consensus nominee to fill  the vacancy on the Supreme Court. It should not come as a surprise,  therefore, that this body is divided over his nomination to the highest  Court in the land, and Judge Gorsuch could not earn enough support  under the 60-vote threshold.   The filibuster was intended to be an institutional safeguard that  protects the minority by requiring broad consensus for major decisions  by this body. It should be equally apparent in this circumstance that  the filibuster did its job. A large minority of this body viewed Judge  Gorsuch as too extreme for the Supreme Court, and that minority blocked  cloture on his nomination. There was no national emergency, no danger,  no serious consequence whatsoever that prevented the majority from  reversing course and working with Democrats and the President to find a  consensus nominee. In one day, the majority has lessened the  distinction between our Chamber and our colleagues across the Capitol,  all the while lowering ourselves further in the eyes of the Nation and  opening the door to an even more polarized judiciary.   I regret that this is the case, and I hope this body can turn back  from the course we find ourselves on today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   