 Mr. Chairman, management of the forests and  forest fires is an important and significant topic, but it is not the  issue that we are having here today. Climate change is an important  significant topic, but it is not the issue that we are talking about  today.   We are talking about how you transfer power from point A, where it is  produced, to point B, where people live, and make sure that you can  continue to have that power flowing there because it impacts the  quality of life. This is about how we improve our lives. That is the  key issue.   The examples have been given out here before of examples of where  that has been interrupted simply because we failed to maintain  transmission lines. A good example is down in New Mexico, where, once  again, an ash tree--pun intended--actually fell on a forest, on the  line, creating a 150,000-acre fire; and then the company that actually  owned the line and wanted to maintain it but was not allowed to by the  Forest Service was given a $35 million bill. Unfortunately, the  liability of that company was only $20 million, so you can understand  the difficulty that company is in right now.   That is the reality in which we are dealing, and we have to realize  that this is a solution to that issue. It is about how we provide power  to people.   The only chance I had of meeting President Obama was when he came to  Utah and visited Hill Air Force Base, and he was there to talk about  solar power that is being used on Hill Air Force Base.   Hill Air Force Base also has a great power source that comes from a  neighboring trash dump, which provides steam and methane power that  goes to the base itself. And I told the President, when he asked us  questions about this, that it is very easy for Hill Air Force Base to  have this power source because it is next door. But for most people,  they live miles and miles away, and you have to have transmission lines  that get the power from where it is produced to where they live, and  often across Federal lands.   To his credit, President Obama lit up and said: Yes, not only is that  an important issue, but it is also an issue dealing with our entire  grid structure that needs to be worked on; another issue that is not  today's discussion matter.   And to his credit, his office did contact our office, our committee,  and started helping us work on some issues. Even though they did not  stay with us to the final conclusion of the bill, the bill we have  before us today is the result of those discussions, the result of that  effort.   I try to emphasize how bipartisan this bill is; an effort to try and  solve a real problem that helps real people with real circumstances  that have caused problems in the past that need to be changed. That is  what we are attempting to do here.    So I applaud the committee that came up with this bill. I applaud the  chief sponsor of that bill. I urge my colleagues to please support  this. This is the right thing to do if you really care about helping  people.   