 Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking Congresswoman  Sinema and Congressman Murphy and all of my Democratic and Republican  colleagues for trying to bring attention to this very important issue.   I also want to thank Secretary Shulkin, who has announced his Get to  Zero initiative to try and address this problem of 20 veterans every  day committing suicide in our country.   Just today, as on many days, I saw a veteran who had lost both of his  legs. It is common here in Washington, D.C., but it is common  throughout every city and every town throughout our country that we see  more and more veterans who have injuries. After 16 years at war, there  are more and more veterans in our country who have been disabled.   With 20 veterans committing suicide every day, we know, however, that  there are many injuries that we cannot see, injuries that veterans  carry around by themselves at home, alone, in the dark of night, with  nothing but their pain.   As Congressman Murphy pointed out, 70 percent of the veterans of the  20 per day that commit suicide in our Nation--70 percent, 14 of the  20--do not have access to veterans benefits at the current time and do  not utilize those services.   In fact, in our Nation today, there are 21 million veterans,  approximately, and of those 21 million veterans, only 7 million have  access to veterans benefits.   I have introduced a bipartisan bill, H.R. 2736, to suggest that what  we need to do in our Nation is provide mental health benefits to every  single veteran in our country, regardless of whether they were Active  Duty, whether they were in the National Guard or in the Reserves,  whether they were honorably discharged or less than honorably  discharged. It is estimated that, since 2009, there have been 22,000  veterans with mental illnesses that have received other than honorable  discharges. Arguably, most of those discharges were because of the same  mental illness that they now carry around with them today.    Think of a veteran who is in crisis, a veteran who is contemplating  suicide, a veteran who, as Congressman Murphy described, is at the end  of their rope and feels that there is no help and the only way to  escape their pain is to commit suicide. Think of that veteran who  reaches out for help at the VA.   Could you imagine going through the bureaucracy to figure out whether  or not you were even eligible for services if you weren't currently  enrolled? You are seeking help, you are in the middle of a crisis, and  you have got to fill out a form. You have got to determine whether or  not you meet the criteria.   I am an attorney and a certified public accountant and a Member of  the United States Congress. I read the requirements, and I couldn't  figure them out. We need to make it much easier for anyone who has ever  worn a uniform in any capacity whatsoever: in battles that we won, in  battles that we lost, whether they were in combat or whether they  worked on a truck, whether they were Active Duty, whether they were  Reserve, whether they were in the National Guard. Every veteran should  have access to mental health services during a crisis. We have to make  it much simpler.   We heard a story tonight from Congressman Johnson, who talked about a  veteran who was trying to get an appointment to get mental health  services in the midst of a crisis, and the time was put off and put off  and put off, and he finally got the appointment. And the Congressman  was informed when he called the VA: Oh, we have good news; the  appointment has been scheduled. The Congressman advised the VA that the  veteran had already committed suicide.   So we have got a couple obligations, I believe. Number one is for  those veterans who are currently utilizing VA services. We have to, as  has been suggested by some of my colleagues, make sure we have the  resources in place so that those veterans receive the services that  they need on a timely basis, especially when they are in crisis, to  make it as easy as possible for them to navigate the bureaucracy and  get the help that they need.   Additionally, we need to make sure that those veterans who are not  currently enrolled for veterans services and veterans benefits are made  eligible for mental health services, certainly in crisis conditions, so  that when someone reaches out to them, they are embraced with the  loving arms of their country, as manifest in the VA, and they are  brought in and cared for and helped to navigate through that crisis in  their life.   There will be talk about how much it is going to cost. There will be  a challenge as to whether or not we can afford to take care of these  men and women who have served our country and are now facing this  crisis in their life.   But I would guarantee you that any American in this country would say  that we have to expend any cost for every veteran because there is no  higher obligation in this Nation than taking care of the men and women  who have worn our uniform, no greater obligation in this country. We  can never forget the vet.   I want to thank Congresswoman Sinema for inviting me here tonight to  talk about my bipartisan bill, H.R. 2736, and for helping to bring  attention  [[Page H7573]]  to this very serious crisis in our country.   