 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk as the  designee of the gentleman from New York (Mr. Donovan).    Mr. Chairman, first I would just like to thank  Subcommittee Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Lowey, along with the  full committee and Chairman Frelinghuysen and their staff for their  willingness to help with this amendment, as well as for all the hard  work that they have done in putting together this important funding  bill.   I also want to recognize Congressman Donovan, who is not able to be  here today, but I offer this amendment along with him because it does  seek to increase funding for the U.S. African Development Foundation by  $15 million, bringing it up to the $30 million that it was awarded back  in fiscal year `17.   The U.S. African Development Foundation is an independent U.S.  government agency that excels at doing development differently. It uses  small grants to focus on ventures in the fields of food security,  healthcare, education, and technology. Our taxpayer money is maximized  to its full potential, as host African governments invest a share of  their own money in this grant program. These grant programs are leading  to self-sufficiency and entrepreneurship in countries that are plagued  by conflict across the world.   In fact, the Center for Global Development has ranked the USADF  second only to the Millennium Challenge Corporation on the maximizing  foreign efficiency scale.   Mr. Chairman, the U.S. African Development Foundation represents the  very best of modernized foreign assistance because they are so  innovative, and I am honored to support it. I hope the rest of my  colleagues will join me in supporting this amendment as well.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, let me start by acknowledging my colleagues,  Representatives Emmer and Nolan. I'm proud to call both of you my  friends, but I'm speaking tonight because I disagree with this  amendment.   We can be open to new types of mining in Minnesota when the necessary  environmental reviews are met, like in the case of Polymet, which I  support.   Taconite mining is part of Minnesota's DNA. However, the copper- nickel mining being proposed on the edge of the Boundary Waters Canoe  Area is not taconite mining, and has never been done before in  Minnesota. Earlier this year, the Trump administration said it would  allow the current environmental review process to proceed to  completion. I support that decision, and I oppose this amendment's  effort to defund an ongoing environmental review to protect one of  Minnesota's natural treasures. Indeed, it's one of our country's most  spectacular wilderness areas.   The Boundary Waters is Minnesota's Yellowstone. Hundreds of thousands  of Americans visit on fishing and canoe trips annually. Some of the  best memories of my life have taken place in the Boundary Waters, both  as a child and now as a parent with my daughters.   The public process that is underway after hundreds of thousands of  people weighed in with their comments, should not be ignored and tossed  aside. And, a science-based assessment of the best management practices  of this sensitive ecosystem should be adhered to. We owe it to future  generations to understand the impact copper-nickel mining poses to  Minnesota's most precious water and land before we put it at risk.   