 Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of Arkansas seems to be regular in form and  authentic, and it appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the State  of New York received 6 votes for President and Michael R. Pence from  the State of Indiana received 6 votes for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of California seems to be regular in form and authentic,  and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State of New York  received 55 votes for President and Tim Kaine of the Commonwealth of  Virginia received 55 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of Delaware seems to be regular in form and  authentic, and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State  of New York received 3 votes for President and Tim Kaine of the  Commonwealth of Virginia received 3 votes for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the District of Columbia seems to be regular in form and authentic,  and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State of New York  received 3 votes for President and Tim Kaine of the Commonwealth of  Virginia received 3 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of Hawaii seems to be regular in form and  authentic, and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State  of New York received 3 votes for President, and Bernie Sanders of the  State of Vermont received 1 vote for President, and Tim Kaine of the  Commonwealth of Virginia received 3 votes for Vice President, and  Elizabeth Warren of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts received 1 vote  for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of Idaho seems to be regular in form and authentic, and it  appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the State of New York  received 4 votes for President and Michael R. Pence of the State of  Indiana received 4 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of Iowa seems to be regular in form and  authentic, and it appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the State  of New York received 6 votes for President and Michael R. Pence of the  State of Indiana received 6 votes for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of Kansas seems to be regular in form and authentic, and  it appears  [[Page H187]]  therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the State of New York received 6  votes for President and Michael R. Pence of the State of Indiana  received 6 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of Maine seems to be regular in form and  authentic, and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State  of New York received 3 votes for President and Donald J. Trump of the  State of New York received 1 vote for President and Tim Kaine of the  Commonwealth of Virginia received 3 votes for Vice President and  Michael R. Pence of the State of Indiana received 1 vote for Vice  President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of Maryland seems to be regular in form and authentic, and  it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State of New York  received 10 votes for President and Tim Kaine of the Commonwealth of  Virginia received 10 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of Montana seems to be regular in form and  authentic, and it appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the State  of New York received 3 votes for President and Michael R. Pence of the  State of Indiana received 3 votes for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of Nebraska seems to be regular in form and authentic, and  it appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the State of New York  received 5 votes for President and Michael R. Pence of the State of  Indiana received 5 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of New Jersey seems to be regular in form  and authentic, and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the  State of New York received 14 votes for President and Tim Kaine of the  Commonwealth of Virginia received 14 votes for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of New Mexico seems to be regular in form and authentic,  and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State of New York  received 5 votes for President and Tim Kaine of the Commonwealth of  Virginia received 5 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of North Dakota seems to be regular in form  and authentic, and it appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the  State of New York received 3 votes for President and Michael R. Pence  of the State of Indiana received 3 votes for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of Ohio seems to be regular in form and authentic, and it  appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the State of New York  received 18 votes for President and Michael R. Pence of the State of  Indiana received 18 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania seems to be regular  in form and authentic, and it appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of  the State of New York received 20 votes for President and Michael R.  Pence of the State of Indiana received 20 votes for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of Rhode Island seems to be regular in form and authentic,  and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State of New York  received 4 votes for President and Tim Kaine of the Commonwealth of  Virginia received 4 votes for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of Tennessee seems to be regular in form  and authentic, and it appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the  State of New York received 11 votes for President and Michael R. Pence  of the State of Indiana received 11 votes for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of Texas seems to be regular in form and authentic, and it  appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the State of New York  received 36 votes for President, John R. Kasich of the State of Ohio  received 1 vote for President, and Ron Paul of the State of Texas  received 1 vote for President, and Michael R. Pence of the State of  Indiana received 37 votes for Vice President, and Carly Fiorina of the  Commonwealth of Virginia received 1 vote for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the Commonwealth of Virginia seems to be regular in  form and authentic, and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of  the State of New York received 13 votes for President and Tim Kaine of  the Commonwealth of Virginia received 13 votes for Vice President.   Senator BLUNT. Mr. President, the certificate of the electoral vote  of the State of Washington seems to be regular in form and authentic,  and it appears therefrom that Hillary Clinton of the State of New York  received 8 votes for President, Colin Powell of the Commonwealth of  Virginia received 3 votes for President, and Faith Spotted Eagle of the  State of South Dakota received 1 vote for President, and Tim Kaine of  the Commonwealth of Virginia received 8 votes for Vice President,  Elizabeth Warren of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts received 1 vote  for Vice President, Maria Cantwell of the State of Washington received  1 vote for Vice President, Susan Collins of the State of Maine received  1 vote for Vice President, and Winona LaDuke of the State of Minnesota  received 1 vote for Vice President.    Mr. President, the certificate of the  electoral vote of the State of Wyoming seems to be regular in form and  authentic, and it appears therefrom that Donald J. Trump of the State  of New York received 3 votes for President and Michael R. Pence of the  State of Indiana received 3 votes for Vice President.   The VICE PRESIDENT. For what purpose does the gentlewoman from  California rise?   