 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join in this  commitment to civility.   First off, I want to thank all of my freshmen colleagues on both  sides of the aisle for participating today and going through the  orientation and getting to know one another. It was a wonderful  experience. I had the pleasure of talking with many of them over the  last few weeks, and they share many of the same goals as I do, as this  entire body does.   I agree with many of my colleagues on many issues. I can safely say I  also disagree with some of them on a few issues. But while we may  disagree, we do not assume that they are acting in bad faith. Rather  than dismiss those who disagree with us, we must use that disagreement  to challenge ourselves to be better.  [[Page H1165]]    You see, this process isn't easy, and addressing the issues our  Nation is facing isn't easy either. In fact, I would argue, our ability  to get things done, why we were sent here, rests on the ability to  participate in productive political dialogue and discourse.   So substituting sincere communication, honest debate with  grandstanding or a political ambush or shouting louder than somebody  else is too clever by half, and it will not get the things done that we  need to get done. Shouting louder than your neighbor doesn't accomplish  anything other than silencing your neighbor. In fact, that is not  progress; that is an affront to free speech and the ability to listen  to all of those around us. It doesn't help, when we shout over each  other, help you understand your neighbor's beliefs, and it doesn't help  your neighbor understand your beliefs.   Now, I am reminded of this quote that gets used all too often these  days: While I disapprove or might disapprove of what you say, I will  defend to the death your right to say it.   So we may disagree with each other, we may even disapprove of what  somebody else says, but it is important to know, it is always important  to let each other say it. Freedom of speech is not limited to the  loudest among us; it is a right afforded to all of us.   Of course, this commitment to civility doesn't mean we don't believe  in the essence of free speech or the right and necessity to disagree  with one another. We will. It simply means that we will do it in way  that respects the rights of everyone. We believe, and so should those  who oppose our policies, that the right to speak also entails the right  to be heard.   