 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts  for yielding me this time, and I want to thank, as well, the  cosponsor--actually, the lead sponsor--Mr. Roskam, for his work here  today.   Today is a good day for the American taxpayers as, hopefully, the  House of Representatives will soon, once again, pass the Clyde-Hirsch- Sowers RESPECT Act to enact vital reforms to the Federal Government's  civil asset forfeiture process.   Civil asset forfeiture is an important tool that the IRS and other  Federal agencies use to go after ill-gotten funds from drug dealers,  human traffickers, terrorists, and other criminals. This bill will not  weaken that vital law enforcement tool one iota, and that is an  important point to make. But this legislation will codify into law  much-needed reforms to the process to stop what we believe is an abuse  of the asset seizures practiced, abusive seizures such as the  government's ability to take a person's bank account without ever  charging them with a crime.   The Oversight Subcommittee on the Ways and Means Committee, under the  guidance of Chairman Peter Roskam, undertook a painstaking, multiyear  investigation to get to the bottom of these abusive practices. This  investigation included holding a series of congressional hearings--that  doesn't always happen anymore around here, Peter, as you know--meeting  with officials from a number of Federal agencies, including the IRS. I  want to thank Commissioner Koskinen for his input and frankness as  well, as the ranking member has just indicated.   The subcommittee continued keeping pressure on the IRS and the  Justice Department to proactively reach out and return any assets  seized from people who were never, ever charged with a crime. These  actions culminated in this bipartisan legislation that passed the Ways  and Means Committee unanimously.   This bill, the Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act, aims to take what we  have learned and fix the system to better protect all law-abiding  citizens. Specifically, it prohibits the IRS from taking any asset  related to structuring unless the funds are from an illegal source or  the funds were structured to conceal other criminal activity.   Additionally, to provide due process to affected taxpayers, the bill  requires the IRS to notify an account holder of a seizure within 30  days--fairly reasonable. Once an account is seized, the bill allows the  person whose assets were seized to seek a hearing within 30 days. Now,  we know that those engaged in illegal activity and illegal actions will  usually not contest the seizure. But for those who committed no crime,  this bill simply levels the playing field for them.   My colleague, Mr. Roskam, and I will continue to keep the pressure on  the Federal Government to quickly return the assets of those innocent  taxpayers--those who are not charged with any crimes but whose bank  accounts and other items are still being held by their own government.   But passage of this bill isn't the last part of the fight on wrongful  asset forfeiture. This bill is expected to pass this House unanimously,  as it did last year, because we all recognize and believe in the basic  American judicial premise of innocent until proven guilty. However, I  am concerned by the Trump administration's statements and those of  Attorney General Jeff Sessions, in particular, that the government  intends to increase these asset seizures without any intention of  charging affected Americans with crimes.   Let me be clear: I support civil asset seizures when the government  can make the case that the money was derived from illicit activity. As  I said before, nothing in this bill hinders the ability of the  government to do just that. But we must fight any effort by the Trump  administration to expand wrongful civil asset forfeiture and continue  to take innocent people's own money without charging them with a crime.   Finally, as I close, I want to remind my colleagues of the importance  of a larger discussion on much-needed criminal justice reform and an  issue I hope this Congress can begin to tackle this year.   Just like the Clyde family, the Hirsch family, and the Sowers family  who we named this bill after, far too many American families have seen  the U.S. justice system unfairly work against them rather than for  them. We need to address that issue of criminal justice reform in the  same bipartisan way that Chairman Roskam and the entire Ways and Means  Committee dealt with this particular issue.  [[Page H6637]]    With that, Mr. Speaker, I look forward to passage of this bill. I  thank Mr. Roskam, again, for the sponsorship of this legislation  working together in a very bipartisan way to get this bill out of  committee to the floor and pass the House.   