 Madam President, I have had a little bit of time to  listen to some of the speeches that have been given on the floor today,  and I just want to talk about a few of those today.   My great colleague from Maryland, with whom I have enjoyed the  privilege of serving on the Foreign Relations Committee, talked about  an open process and at the same time talked about being able to offer  amendments. The definition of an open process is being able to offer  amendments and that is what we are going through. We are going through  later this week something called a vote-arama, where we will be having  amendments.   We talked about the permanent tax changes.    I am pleased to yield.    If the Senator would like to work with us on fixing the  budget process, I hope he will. I hope we can change the budget  process. It is fundamentally broken. We haven't changed it since 1974,  the year I was born--maybe a few years after that. We ought to change  this process so it works for the American people. We ought to do  something to make this process more effective.   We have heard people come and talk about Medicare and Medicaid. These  are very critically important social safety nets for this country.  People in my community, my parents, our families, and people we have  lived with and known for our entire lives rely on Medicaid and  Medicare, but there is this big myth out there that Washington has this  ability to increase funds but yet rename it as a cut. You have a group  of people in Washington, DC, who are trying that Washington, DC, Kabuki  dance, where they say a decrease in the rate of increase is a cut. That  is like saying that my son, who is 6 years old, is supposed to grow 4  inches next year, and the doctor says: Your son is going to grow 4  inches next year, based on the charts. If my son grows only 2 inches  that year, did he shrink? No. He still grew. But in Washington, DC,  they would say: No, he is shorter than he was. This is absurd.    Let's be honest with the American people. Medicare increases in  funding. We are trying to be more responsible with the dollars we have  because the United States is in debt, and the way we are going to fix  that is to be responsible with the dollars we have and to grow our  economy.   A couple of weeks ago, I saw a map of the United States. It showed  distressed communities in this country. It showed that the haves have  more and the have-nots have less. It is time we do something about that  in this country. It is time we fix the fact there are counties in our  country that are suffering. There are communities in our country that  haven't seen a new net job for nearly two decades. We can do better  than that.   It has been 30 years since Congress last passed major tax reform. It  was 1986. I was 12 years old. For those who are wondering what the No.  1 movie was the last time we passed tax reform, it was ``Top Gun.'' The  one thing I wanted that same year, the last time we did tax reform, was  an Atari 7800. That is what I wanted the last time this body passed tax  reform.   Fast forward to today, 30 years later. The last time we did tax  reform was 30 years ago. We now live in a world of Wi-Fi, self-driving  cars, and Smartphones, but we still have an Atari-era tax code. It is  clunky. It is outdated. It is bloated to more pages than any of us  would care to read. I wish I had come up with this, but I didn't. I  will repeat it: The Tax Code is longer than the Bible, and unlike the  Bible, there is no good news in it. It feeds the suspicion that you can  game the Tax Code if you are wealthy. If you are average, you will be  stuck with the bill.   We can do better. That is the opportunity we have now. We must seize  it in a way that helps hard-working American families and businesses to  create jobs on Main Street, to change this unfair system that we have.   When I go across the State of Colorado, throughout the four corners  of our great State, there are people I meet who have been very  successful. If you go to Denver, CO, right now, you will think the new  State bird is the construction crane. Dozens of construction cranes are  on the horizon, showing the success we have had in that State. If you  go to Southeastern Colorado, Western Colorado, Northeastern Colorado,  there are pockets of poverty that remain as strong as ever because we  haven't been able to find the tools necessary to grow the economy the  way we should. That is what this debate allows us to do--to grow this  economy, to get this Nation firing on all cylinders again. It is the  opportunity we have. We should seize it right now, passing this budget  leading to tax reform, to make sure that we can grow American  opportunity and innovation because too many people haven't had a  meaningful pay increase for far too long. They know they spend too much  time working through a tangled mess of rules just to file their taxes  that are too high to begin with.   As a country, we spend 6 billion hours and $263 billion each year  just to jump through all the hoops and tangles and check the boxes of  our Atari-era Tax Code. That is $263 billion we are spending on a 1986- era tax code, just to check the boxes, to fill the forms, to pay the  accountants, and to find the lawyers. That is the entire GDP of the  nation of New Zealand. That $263 billion is more than the GDP of New  Zealand. We spend as much money preparing and filing our taxes in this  country as the entire economic output of the nation of New Zealand.   American people need relief. It starts by reducing the number of  brackets, simplifying the Tax Code, and reducing our rates. For many  American families, this will leave them with more money in their  pockets at the end of the day. It also would cut that 6 billion hours  that are spent working, trying to file taxes, and leave families with  more time to do things that matter to them--not trying to fill out a  tax form, but letting them be with their family, be at work, and invest  the way they want to with their time and their money. It is just a  start.   The end of the unfair death tax will bring relief to regular  Americans. Let's start with the death tax. I have heard people  criticize the death tax. It is unfair and at times cruel. That should  be reason enough for this Congress to repeal it. We have a tax that  causes families to have to confront breaking up businesses that have  been in the family for generations or selling off the family farm just  to keep what they have built and what they have already paid taxes on  because somebody died. The government seems to think death is a taxable  event.   When I visit with Colorado's farmers and ranchers, one of their  biggest concerns--in fact, I met with a group of farmers this past week  in Colorado who said that the repeal of the estate tax is more  important to them than passing a new farm bill because it is affecting  their way of life. These aren't billionaires whom we hear so many  complaints about on the Senate floor and in the political op-eds and by  the pundits on TV. These are families and ranchers whose families have  been working for generations. They have dirt under their fingernails.  These are people who have sacrificed for generations to build up land  and capital, not liquid assets. That apparently makes them into  billionaires, and it is bad enough that they ought to be penalized when  they die.   If you are fortunate enough to have some incredible land in Colorado  underneath your farm or ranch--maybe a homestead around Vail or Aspen.  Are you going to be forced to break up that estate, forced to sell that  land, that 36-acre parcel, so you can pay the estate tax when it was  open space and we are able to conserve that open space and enjoy that  great beauty? Washington, DC, is driving local development decisions,  all because of the estate tax. It is suffocating our way of life in  rural America, and it must end.   Reforming business taxes will bring tax relief to American families,  hard-working families. The corporate tax rate is the highest in the  world, and employees are paying the price for uncompetitive corporate  tax rates. We  [[Page S6508]]  have the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world.  President Obama said that in his 2011 State of the Union Speech.   If you just look at what we can do by decreasing tax burdens on  American businesses, we can actually increase the average American  household income by between $4,000 and $9,000 a year. This is an  average increase to American households across the country. This isn't  to the millionaires or billionaires. This is to hard-working American  families who are just trying to get ahead in life. So this puts $4,000,  at a minimum, in their pockets as a result of lower tax rates. That is  not just a one-time increase either. We are not talking about a one- time hit. It is not just for the top earners. The Tax Foundation says  that workers across the income distribution will feel the effects year  after year.    Go home and ask your constituents whether they would like to have  more money in their own pockets or whether they would like to have that  in the hands of Washington or Wall Street. Do you know what? I am  pretty sure they are going to say: I can spend it better than any  bureaucrat or Member of Congress ever could. If I keep it, I will make  smart choices for my family. That is what we have to focus on.   The Council of Economic Advisers put out a report explaining how  reducing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent would  result in the average American household income going up by $4,000 to  $9,000. It is worth walking through what they said. Before 1990, when  corporate profits went up by 1 percent, worker wages actually went up  by more than 1 percent. Before 1990, profits went up by 1 percent and  workers' wages went up by more than 1 percent. Since 1990, that  relationship between corporate profits and workers has changed. Over  the last 8 years, from 2008 to 2016, a 1-percent increase in corporate  profits increased workers' wages only by 0.3 percent, a 0.7-percent  decrease. Part of the reason for that is our uncompetitive corporate  tax rates.   We will go to our numbers to illustrate what has happened. During the  same time, from 1990 until this decade, foreign countries, foreign  nations figured out that lowering the corporate tax rate leads to more  money in their workers' pockets. While our tax rate has stayed  stubbornly high, the high tax rates in other countries have plummeted.  The United States has decided that we are going to keep the highest tax  rates while other economically developed countries are dropping theirs,  resulting in higher wages for their workers. Today, U.S. corporate tax  rates are far higher than those of any other country I have talked  about today.   Look at this. If you look at where the United States is right now, we  are right here, top of the chart, 35 percent. That is the U.S. Federal  tax rate, the 2017 average statutory corporate tax rate. Look at OECD  countries: 10 percent lower than our statutory rate. Asia is at 20  percent, which is 15 percent lower than our statutory rate. Europe is  at 18 percent, and some countries in Europe are going lower because  they have realized that when they lower their taxes, they have done a  better job of attracting businesses, growing their economy, and  creating more work.   It would be tempting for some to assume that taxing corporations  skims some of the cream off the top. You will hear plenty of rhetoric  about lowering corporate tax rates being a giveaway. Here is the sad  truth. I hope the people take the time to learn this lesson. It is the  employees that bear the burden of corporate taxes. Studies show that  workers pay between 45 percent and 75 percent of corporate taxes in the  form of lower wages. How do you fix that? Lowering the corporate tax  rate from 35 percent to 20 percent will alleviate that burden and  result in higher income to that average American family, allowing them  to keep as much as $9,000--a kind of wage increase of $9,000, an  effective increase of $9,000, as much as that each and every year. It  is an average increase, according to the Council of Economic Advisers.  Once those effects are fully felt, those effects are going to continue  year after year across all income distributions.   We are going to another chart here. The family will be able to spend  that $4,000 to $9,000 the way they want to. It could be the difference  between having a rainy day fund and living paycheck to paycheck. It  could be the downpayment on a new home or a route to a better education  or a way they can do what they want to with their free time, if they  have some or are able to get some because of innovations we are able to  create and the jobs we are able to make better and wages people are  able to see increased. It is about them putting more money into their  families instead of their government.   None of that is going to happen, though, with this current Atari Tax  Code. None of that is going to happen unless we can give families and  businesses the relief they need. That is what we have the opportunity  to do here today.   This week, when we approve the budget, we set the stage for the  budget reform, the budget bill, to move forward on tax reform and tax  relief, allowing the American people to keep more money in their own  pockets. We can provide meaningful relief with a simpler code, less  hassle, less squandering of money to avoid the unfair death tax, and  more businesses hiring more workers and paying higher wages. That is  why this budget is so important. That is why I hope it is approved this  week and we set the stage for a brighter future in the coming months  and years, as we fight for every chance for the American people to keep  the dollars they work so hard to get.   Thank you.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call  up the following amendments and that the Senate vote in relation to the  amendments following disposition of the Sanders amendment No. 1119,  Nelson No. 1150, Heller No. 1146, Sanders No. 1120, and Collins No.  1151; further, that there be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided in  the usual form, prior to all votes in the series at 3 p.m., with an  exception of 10 minutes prior to the vote in relation to the Heller  amendment, and that no second-degree amendments be in order prior to  the votes.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following  leader remarks on October 19, it be in order to call up the following  amendments; that the time until 11:45 a.m. be for debate on the  amendments, equally divided between the managers or their designees;  that at 11:45 a.m., the Senate vote in relation to the amendments in  the order listed, with no second-degree amendments in order prior to  the votes: Wyden No. 1302, Capito No. 1393, and Cantwell No. 1141;  further, that following the disposition of the Cantwell amendment,  Senator Warner's amendment No. 1138 be called up and the time until 2  p.m. be equally divided between the managers or their designees; and  that at 2 p.m., the Senate vote in relation to the Warner amendment,  with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the vote.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 293, submitted  earlier today.    Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 2989, which was received  from the House.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m.,  Thursday, October 19; further, that following the prayer and pledge,  the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be  approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their  use later in the day, and morning business be closed; finally, that  following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H. Con.  Res. 71 under the previous order.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:31 p.m., adjourned until  Thursday, October 19, 2017, at 9:30 a.m.   