 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the sponsor of this legislation, the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Davidson). It was a pleasure working with him,  and I am pleased that he and I introduced this legislation.   This legislation deals with a broader issue of cybersecurity. From  Equifax to Moscow, worldwide, people are concerned with cybersecurity.  One particular part of cybersecurity that is important is the SEC's  accumulation of very sensitive data, whether it be about individuals  and their trading, or about the overall market.   In September, the SEC disclosed that hackers had breached the SEC  EDGAR database, which is the home to millions of public and nonpublic  filings, and that that breach had occurred in 2016. The breach, which  was not discovered until August of this year, may have led to some  illicit trading activities.   This bill requires the SEC to develop and implement cybersecurity  risk controls to ensure that market data is protected. This will help  protect our markets from harmful disruptions and manipulative trading.   In addition, this bill requires that FINRA--the Financial Industry  Regulatory Authority--and the operator of the new consolidated audit  trail develop and implement risk controls to protect the data they  store. The new consolidated audit trail system will not accept data  until they have the cybersecurity risk controls necessary to protect  it.   Once the CAT, or consolidated audit trail, is operational, it will  serve an important purpose in assisting the SEC in identifying issues  that deserve investigation. But it will also store a large amount of  data, and it is important that this data be secure. We must ensure that  there are proper controls in place.   Now, this bill passed our committee by a vote of 59-1 in its present  form. There was an effort after the bill passed committee to try to  broaden the bill, and it may very well be that other related issues  need to be dealt with by this House. But I think we made the right  decision in bringing to the floor today the bill that passed our  committee 59-1.   We should then have hearings and perhaps work on additional  legislation that will add to our ability to provide for cybersecurity  in this area. I look forward to working with the chairman of the  subcommittee, and Mr. Davidson, and so many others, on additional  legislation designed to ensure our cybersecurity is as good as it can  be, and to make sure that we are not putting information into systems  unless we are sure that everything has been done so the systems can  protect that information.   Mr. Speaker, I call upon all of our colleagues to support this  legislation that had 59-1 support in our committee, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge an ``aye'' vote. Since I have no  speakers seeking time on my side, I yield back the balance of my time.   