 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to S.J. Res. 34, a  bill that would strike most of the internet privacy guarantees  protecting the American people today.   I have grave concerns with this effort. Our agenda here should be  working on behalf of our constituents to protect their privacy and give  them, not their service providers, data security. Instead, this effort  would eviscerate any real online privacy protections and would limit  data security.   Some of my colleagues have claimed that this commonsense rule has  created challenges for consumers. I have found just the opposite. My  office has been inundated with calls demanding that Congress protect  their privacy and data security by opposing S.J. Res. 34. To everyone  who has called, I hear you and I stand with you in opposing this  harmful and misguided effort.   Back at home in New York's capital region, I have been hearing from  many people who are frightened by the thought that S.J. Res. 34 will  become law and the last shred of their online privacy will be lost  forever.   They know how much information their internet service provider has  mined from their search and browsing history, including financial,  medical, and other very personal and sensitive details. They rightly  believe that they should have a say in when that information can be  bought and when it can be sold.   They understand that gutting these privacy protections would mean  that internet service providers could sell their private information  without their permission. It means their private internet browsing and  search history, the text of their emails, and their mobile app usage  can all be sold without their permission.   They have a right to control what they search for, their financial  information, their health insurance, and information about their  children. They have a right to protect their Social Security numbers  and the contents of their emails. These rights are enshrined in our  Constitution.   Privacy rules also require providers to use reasonable measures to  protect consumers' personal information, a clear and commonsense  standard that all who do business online should be required to uphold.   Finally, internet service providers must notify customers if hackers  breach the system and may have access to their private data. With  hackers from Russia and elsewhere running rampant across the net, this  is a critical provision for our American families.   This is not too much to ask. The American people deserve to know that  their data will be protected and that they will be notified if their  data is compromised.    