 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 2210, a bill to designate the  Community Living Center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Butler  Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the Sergeant Joseph George  Kusick VA Community Living Center.   Sergeant Joseph George Kusick was awarded the Silver Star for  sacrificing his life in an effort to ensure that as many of his  comrades as possible made it home from Vietnam. The resulting recovery  effort was to be recorded by the squadron as one of the largest and  most hazardous on record.   As a radio operator, Sergeant Kusick served as the connection between  the 5th Special Forces Group, who found themselves under enemy ambush,  and the forward air controller charged with coordinating their  evacuation.   Although Sergeant Kusick was seriously injured during the ambush, he  refused multiple offers to evacuate, ultimately refusing two  helicopters, only to board a helicopter that was then shot down by  intense Viet Cong fire.   His bravery and sacrifice earned him a posthumously awarded Silver  Star with the following citation: ``Kusick's gallantry in action, at  the cost of his life, was in keeping with the highest traditions of the  military service and reflects great credit upon himself, his unit, and  the United States Army.''   Mr. Speaker, I salute Sergeant Kusick for his selfless bravery, and I  support the passage of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I associate myself with the remarks of the gentleman from  Pennsylvania. I am very thankful that the gentleman has brought  Congress' attention to Sergeant Kusick's deed on behalf of our Nation.  I was reflecting on his youth, 22 years old, and to think that so many  younger, his age, step forward to defend our Nation and to give up  their lives.   I think it is well for all of us in this Chamber to reflect on that  sacrifice as we struggle to reach across the aisle and to come to  agreement to serve our country, to note the ultimate sacrifice that  they put forward. I thank you very much for the effort you have taken  to remember a great American hero.   Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   