 Mr. President, I want to thank the senior Senator from  Texas for his leadership in the disaster response, and I pledge my  commitment to whatever is needed for Houston and the areas around  Houston, as well as Florida. I appreciate the commitment at the  legislative level for what needs to be done in Puerto Rico.   Mr. President, we also need to continue to apply pressure to the  administration because it does appear as though there is an unequal  response between what is happening in Puerto Rico and what has happened  in Houston and in Florida. So we need to hold as a country the  executive branch accountable for the lack of a sense of urgency for 3.5  million Americans who are mostly going to be without power for 9  months, who are currently without potable water, who are in a  devastated situation. It is our obligation to do everything we can.   Mr. President, the Senate is about to make an important decision  about who leads the Federal agency that oversees everything from the  internet, to the TV, to radio.   This vote is a choice: We can either give our stamp of approval on  the FCC's direction under the leadership of Chairman Pai, or we can  decide that his leadership has put the FCC on the wrong track and that  it is time for someone else to take charge.   Generally speaking, here is how I approach a nomination. There are  three reasons one might reject a nominee. If the person is corrupt, it  is a nonstarter. If the person is nonqualified, it is also a  nonstarter. And even on policy grounds, in the policy space, just  disagreeing with someone can often boil down to the fact that there is  a President from another party and is not sufficient to vote no.   Chairman Pai is someone I know. He is skillful, he is a decent human  being, he is very smart, and he is qualified. When we disagree, we can  do it in a way that doesn't ruin our ability to work together on the  following day on the following issue. And this is no small thing in  today's political climate. So it is important that if we are ever going  to get something done, we are able to disagree and find common ground  afterward.   I do like Chairman Pai as a person. I think he is ethical and he is  capable. But he is just so wrong on policy. For me, that means he is  not the right leader for the FCC. I want to highlight four of the  concerns I have.   First, the FCC really is trying to end the internet as we know it by  getting rid of net neutrality. If they succeed, your internet service  provider will have the power to stop you from seeing certain kinds of  content. They will be the ones that make decisions about what you can  access online and how fast and how much you have to pay for it.   Some people say that companies aren't going to change the internet  because it is not in their interest to change the internet, even if the  law goes away. But think about this: Most often, these ISPs are  publicly traded companies, and they are going to make decisions based  on their own financial interests. It is not just an objective; it is  their obligation. If there is an opportunity to change their business  model for internet service, they are duty bound to pursue it. They do  not have any obligation to a free and open internet; they have an  obligation to shareholders and to profits.   That is why net neutrality exists in the first place--because we  should not leave it up to any company to decide whether they are going  to charge people more to stream video, for example, or block certain  content altogether. If we allow the FCC to end net neutrality,  Americans across the country are going to find that the internet no  longer works in the way that it should. And this has happened under  Chairman Pai's leadership.   It is not just bad policy that he is pursuing; they have also had  some serious process fouls. When Chairman Pai announced that the FCC  was revisiting the rules, he made clear that the FCC was going to get  rid of net neutrality regardless of what happened throughout the  process. He said: ``This is a fight we intend to wage and it is a fight  we intend to win.'' Why is that a significant thing to say? ``This is a  fight we intend to wage and it is a fight we intend to win.'' This a  quasi-judicial agency. They just opened up a public comment period.  There were 22 million members of the public who submitted public  comments after the Chairman of the Commission has already announced  that he has decided which way they are going to go. I think that is  antithetical to the governing statute, and it is antithetical to the  basic premise that if you have an open comment period where an  individual has an opportunity to express themselves, you have to listen  to them. You don't say: I already decided, but you 22 million people-- if you have an opinion, I will be happy to receive it and file it and  do what I planned to do all along. That is the exact opposite of how  this is supposed to work.   The agency proposes the rule, the public weighs in, and then the  agency considers the comments from the public in making the decision.  But Chairman Pai turned it upside down. The FCC has tried to diminish  the fact that so many people tried to weigh in. About 96 percent of the  roughly 22 million people who have weighed in have weighed in in favor  of net neutrality. They are trying to lay the groundwork to get rid of  net neutrality even though the vast majority of people are for it. By  doing that, the FCC is effectively saying that lobbyists and law firms  matter more than regular citizens.   This is just the tip of the iceberg. The FCC has claimed that cyber  attacks kept people from being able to comment, but they have not been  forthcoming about what exactly happened, and we are still working in  our oversight role to figure that all out.   Secondly, I would like to address media ownership. Local TV  broadcasters are an essential part of every community. People know  their local TV station. They trust it. There is a range of perspectives  offered. Because the broadcasters are based in the community, they have  relationships with their viewers that make their content better and  more relevant.   For decades, Congress and the FCC have taken steps to keep local  broadcasting local because it benefits the public interest. These are  the public airways. It is like fast food options across the country.  You may not mind McDonald's once in a while, but you don't want that to  be the only option in your hometown. You want something that captures  the local culture in your community. That is what local broadcasting  does. It makes TV in Honolulu different from TV in Hartford or Houston.   But now the American tradition of local broadcasting is in real  danger because the FCC is going to change the rules so that these  stations can be bought out by a single company without any limits. I  have no doubt this would create a world of sort of nationalized content  distributed through each of these local companies, with consumers  having to watch whatever is distributed to them by their national  headquarters. This is no longer local news, and this is not the  broadcast media that Americans deserve.    The third area I want to talk about is broadband access. Right now,  Americans have widely different levels of internet speed basically  based on where they live. In some places, you have great broadband  access, no trouble streaming video, accessing government services  online, downloading, uploading, but in rural and Tribal communities,  they are very, very far behind. As the FCC noted, 39 percent of rural  America and 41 percent of those on Tribal land lack access to advanced  broadband. Even if they have cell phones with internet access, a mobile  network will typically offer slower speed than fixed broadband, so they  can't go online and do the things we can in Washington, DC, or in many  [[Page S6214]]  other cities across the country. So everyone, on a bipartisan basis,  understands that this needs to change.   High-speed broadband is the cornerstone to economic development,  public safety, and quality of life in every community, no matter how  many people live in your community. The FCC has historically worked so  that every home, school, and business has had adequate access to the  internet because that is what it will take to unlock the innovation and  potential for all Americans.   The FCC has worked on this issue by setting the bar for what it will  take to connect more Americans to the internet. There is already a  threshold in place which says that this is what high-speed internet  access is, so we know who has it and who doesn't. But instead of  actually working to get more people broadband, the FCC is working to  change the definition of broadband so that it looks as if they have  gotten people more broadband. That way they can say that more Americans  are covered, even if they have internet service that does not meet  their needs. In other words, they are not actually solving the problem;  they are literally just redefining what it means to have access. Rather  than giving people access, they are papering over the problem that they  are not solving. This is a real issue, and it is something that the  Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee members have worked on  on a bipartisan basis.   The way to get more people broadband access is to get more people  broadband access. It is not to change the rules and to change the  metrics so that you can come back to the Congress and say: Look, we  just achieved more access by allowing these companies to claim that  people are covered who are not.   The fourth and final concern I want to raise is a little more  sensitive because, as I said, I like Chairman Pai, and I respect  Chairman Pai, but he made some comments during his confirmation hearing  that worried me. I asked if he agreed with the President's comments  calling the media the enemy of the state. He would not give a direct  answer.   I understand that Mr. Pai is a Republican. That is not the problem. I  understand Republicans will be appointed in a Republican  administration. I am the former Democratic Party chairman of the State  of Hawaii, so I understand party loyalty. I respect party loyalty.   We have a President and a White House that are pushing to blur the  legal, moral, and ethical boundaries in our Nation's Capital. This is  not the time to get cute when we ask a question about the rule of law.  This is not the time to finesse an answer. The only acceptable answer  is this: I will not let anyone interfere with my work, whether it is  the President or anyone else, and the media is not the enemy of the  state. Mr. Pai did not take that opportunity. This was one of a few  opportunities Mr. Pai had to be unequivocal. The senior Senator from  New Mexico, if I remember correctly, and other members of the panel,  sort of gave him a second and third bite at the apple so that he could  get it right. It was an easy one to get right.   I understand it is politically complicated, but sometimes you have to  set aside the politics and just say what is right and do what is right.  My instinct is that he will not use the FCC to do anything that crosses  any ethical boundaries that I am worried about, but the fact that he  will not say so leaves an opening that should not be there.   The President has tweeted about media companies that give him bad  coverage. He consistently refers to the media as ``fake news'' media  and ``garbage'' media and makes unsubstantiated claims about various  networks and newspapers and threatens to come after them. So it is not  out of the realm of possibility that this could go beyond some partisan  talking point from the Democrats in the Commerce, Science, and  Transportation Committee and into a real crisis.   I just want to hear from Mr. Pai. He will be confirmed on Monday, but  I want to hear from Mr. Pai that he does not believe the media is the  enemy of the state and he will not allow any interference from the  White House.   I would like to end by bringing this back to the American people.  This vote is our chance to stand up for them. There will not be a vote  on net neutrality on the floor in the next weeks or months, but they  deserve to keep their faith in local broadcasting, they deserve a free  and open internet, and they deserve to have adequate access to the  internet no matter where they live. That is why I have to vote no on  this nominee.   I admire Chairman Pai. I like him as a person, but he is the wrong  leader for the FCC. I urge my colleagues to join me and vote no on his  nomination.   I yield the floor.   