 ``No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in  consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and  account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be  published from time to time.''    Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to address you and my  privilege to be recognized by the gentleman from Georgia.   I wanted to address this rule, and I share some of the sentiment that  came from the gentleman from Massachusetts. I like to have open rules.  I like to have open debates. I would like to have more than one debate  on what we might do with this resolution that is before us. I would  like to have a debate on the one-state solution versus the two-state  solution because I believe that the two-state solution has run its  course and we need to pack up our tools, ship those off to the side,  and start all over again with a new look.   I believe we needed to have a resolution that refreshes this in such  a way that it completely rejected Resolution 2334, that vote that took  place in the United Nations and said to the Trump administration: Let's  start this fresh with a new look rather than a direction of being bound  by implication to a two-state solution.   But that is not what we have ahead of us. What we have ahead of us is  a resolution that has come to the floor under a closed rule that sends  a lot of a good and right message to the rest of the world that America  and the United States Congress reject what happened in the United  Nations the other day and that decision to abstain from that vote. On  the other hand, we really don't have the focus here to take on the rest  of this issue. I am hopeful that we will.   I will be introducing a resolution later today that addresses the  two-state resolution in a way I would like to have done it with a  resolution here.   As I said to the gentleman from California, it is not my intent to  blow up his bill or his initiative. I want to see the best success we  can on what is going on here today.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made  in order under the rule.    Mr. Chairman, first, I want to say that I have been  a long and strong supporter of the REINS Act. I want to compliment  Congressman Geoff Davis of Kentucky for introducing and crafting that  legislation. While he was doing that, I was drafting a bill that I  named the Sunset Act, and I looked at this from the broad scope of  this, that we have a lot of regulations that exist and have existed for  decades. Some of them are burdensome and some of them are not.   The effect of the REINS Act, which I certainly will support on a  final passage, hopefully with the King amendment adopted in it, but the  REINS Act de facto simply grandfathers in existing regulations. So it  is only prospective. It addresses the major regulations going forward,  but not those that we are stuck with, such as the Waters of the United  States, the Clean Power Plan, the overtime rule, the fiduciary rule,  the net neutrality rule, the Dodd-Frank rules, and, heaven forbid, the  ObamaCare rules if we should fail to repeal ObamaCare.   So what the King amendment does is it directs and allows the agencies  and the executive branch of government to send a minimum of 10 percent  of their regulations to the Congress each year for the duration of a  decade encompassing a full 100 percent of all the regulations in place  at the time of passage and enactment of the underlying legislation.   That gives Congress, then, authority and a vote over all of this. It  gives us an ability to amend that legislation. We can pass them all en  banc, we can amend them accordingly, or we can do what our Founding  Fathers envisioned we should do. That is the essence of this.   By the way, President-elect Trump has made some strong pledges on  dramatically reducing regulation in the United States. He doesn't have  the tools without the King amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would inquire as to how much time  may be remaining for each side.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Marino).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Chairman, first, I would say that yes, we can blame a lot of debt  and deficit on a burden of regulations. We can blame it because there  is a huge cost to our executive branch of government. That cost, much  of it, the unnecessary component, all that goes against our debt and  deficit.   We saw, as Barack Obama came in as President, we had a $10 trillion  debt, which he was very critical of throughout his campaign in 2007 and  2008. Now, as he leaves office here, thankfully, in a couple of weeks,  it is a $20 trillion debt, and we can start to ratchet this thing back  down.   Looking at the Obama administration and their reports on the costs of  regulation, they come up with this number reported to the Heritage  Foundation that the annual cost of regulations to the United States,  according to the Obama administration, is $108 billion, Mr. Chairman.  So that is what we are looking at here for costs.   But I want to get at the real meat of this. Article I of the  Constitution says Congress shall make all law. Yet, we have the courts  making laws across the street, and we have regulations coming at us at  a rate of--and I expressed to the gentleman from Georgia--ten-to-one.  For every law we passed in the 114th Congress, there were at least 10  regulations that were poured over our head, and we are sitting in a  place where we don't have the tools to undo them.   Now we have a President that is ready, and he wants to undo these  regulations. If we make him march through the Administrative Procedure  Act, it is heavy, it is burdensome, and it is time-consuming. But the  King amendment gives the tools for the next President of the United  States to work with Congress to trim this regulatory burden down. And  the most important part is, it makes all of us in the House and the  Senate accountable then for all of the regulations.   The APA was allowed to dish off this legislative responsibility to  the executive branch. Congress took a pass. They ducked their  responsibility of being accountable for all legislation and found a way  to be producing less than 10 percent of the legislation that exists  even in a given year.   The King amendment says that over the period of a decade, 10 percent  a year at a minimum, Congress will have to review all the regulations.  The people from across America--we the people--will weigh in on that  regulation. And then an even better part is not only will we be  accountable here in Congress--and we should be--but when the nameless,  faceless bureaucrats are across the desk from our constituents and they  refuse to listen to our constituents, there is going to be a little bug  in the back of their ear that is going to be saying to them: You know  what? This constituent that may be losing their business over this  regulation, the next stop they make is going to be with their  Congressman. These regulations that we promulgated are going to be  subject then to being repealed by the United States Congress, as they  should be.   Support the King amendment. It puts the authority back into the hands  of Article I, we the people.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   