 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    In its current form, I am.    Mr. Speaker, I have something very, very special for  us in the next 3 minutes. This is an opportunity for us to vote on  something everybody in this Chamber wants. That is right.   Everybody in this Chamber wants American jobs, they want American  manufacturing to succeed, and they want American--how should we put  this?--made in America, right? Manufactured in America, right? Yes,  that is it.   Let me read to you this amendment, which, if accepted, would not stop  this bill from passing, which I suspect it will, whether this is  accepted or not. But here is your chance, colleagues.   This amendment reads: ``The road and road corridor described in  section (4)(b) shall be constructed using only materials and equipment  manufactured in the United States.''   Who is opposed to that? Who is opposed to that? Surely, my colleagues  on the left and the right want to have American equipment used in  manufacturing this road or any other road, any other pipeline, or any  other infrastructure project. This is what we all want, all of us.   This amendment is about as simple as it could be, and it is about as  important as we would find on any of the amendments.   I am not going to do a gotcha thing today. All too often these MTRs  are simply gotcha votes. I am not going to do that to you today.   But I want all of us to consider the art of the possible. Consider  for a moment the art of the possible, that we could come together and  we could amend this piece of legislation and other pieces of  legislation that will be coming to us on infrastructure and roads and  highways and water, and we could put into each and every one of those a  very simple sentence that says they will be built with American  equipment, American labor, and American materials. That is it.   I know my Republican colleagues want it as much as my Democratic  colleagues, although you are shy and you are not willing to shout up in  support. But I will tell you what I will give you the opportunity to  do. I am aware of that talk as much as any of you are, and here is my  promise to my Republicans colleagues and to my Democratic colleagues.  Give us a resounding  [[Page H6131]]  ``yes'' so that the very clear ear of our Speaker can hear a ``yes''  vote from all of us, and let's go home.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, without regard to the argument in  opposition to my amendment, I think we ought to go home and let it be.  I am not going to ask for a recorded vote.   