 I appreciate that, and I thank you for yielding and  thank you for taking the charge on this this evening to share this  message.   Mr. Speaker, first, do no harm. Do no harm. These are three short  words, but, to physicians, they represent a sacred charge--three short  words that now hang in the balance here in the District of Columbia  after the D.C. Council passed the Death with Dignity Act legalizing  physician-assisted suicide in the Nation's Capital.   In authorizing doctors to violate the Hippocratic oath of ``do no  harm,'' physician-assisted suicide undermines a key safeguard that  protects our Nation's most vulnerable citizens: the disabled, the sick,  the poor--a key safeguard that helps to ensure our loved ones receive  the best medical care when they need it the most.   Instead of simply providing end-of-life comfort and a potential for  cure, D.C.'s new law is poised to do more harm than good. This act  leaves patients unprotected, doctors unaccountable, and our most  vulnerable citizens at risk of having fewer medical options at their  disposal rather than having more. It is too broad. This act allows  adults diagnosed with a terminal disease having less than 6 months to  live to receive a prescription for medication to end their life on  their own--alone.   There are concerns that the definition of ``terminal disease'' is too  broad since most doctors will admit that accurately predicting life  expectancy is almost impossible; and it is. There are many conditions  such as diabetes or HIV--they are considered incurable or  [[Page H999]]  irreversible, and they are terminal if left untreated. There are many  diseases that are terminal if left untreated, but curable if treated.   This bill fails to accurately protect patients from coercion or  abuse. Despite the fact that depression is commonly associated with a  patient seeking assisted suicide, D.C.'s legislation does not make  screening for mental illness mandatory. It also has no safeguard  against pressure that family members or heirs might exert on a patient  to choose suicide.   It leaves doctors unaccountable. Compliance with the bill's limited  safeguards is difficult to track because the bill directs doctors not  to place the actual cause and manner of death on the death certificate.  It doesn't say ``suicide.'' The report requirements in the bill are not  subject to the Freedom of Information Act. Perhaps most concerning of  all, once the prescription for lethal medication is filled, oversight  is nonexistent. There is no requirement to ensure that the prescription  was used as intended.    This could limit care. Under the new law, patients may end up with  fewer options, not more options. D.C. residents who are not able to pay  for health care out of pocket may find their options limited when  facing a new diagnosis, suffering from a chronic illness, facing a  disability, or struggling with mental illness. For certain medical  conditions, assisted suicide could become the cheapest option.   Ultimately, whatever its intentions, D.C.'s new law puts patients at  risk and could limit their access to high-quality health care. It could  limit their access to cures. It prioritizes cost over compassion, cost  over care. We have weighed this legislation. We have looked at it  seriously, and we find it very wanting. D.C. residents deserve better.   Twenty-two years ago, my sister was diagnosed with an incurable  cancer, and she had very little time to live. She was, at one point,  given the option of a bone marrow transparent, and her insurance said:  It is experimental. We don't cover it.   We had to fight that, and we were going to do it anyway. It is 22  years later. She survived. She is doing well. She is married and has  two children, but somebody was telling her: It is not worth it.   This affects people with disabilities. This affects the poor. This  attitude reminds me of a comment from the movie, ``It's a Wonderful  Life'' when Mr. Potter says to George Bailey: ``George, you're worth  more dead than alive.'' That is not who we are, folks.   In this bill, there is no verification or validation that the  prescription was taken as intended, for the person intended, or even  taken at all. There is no witness necessary, no provider to address any  complications that may occur when taking the medications, no assurance  that it is not misused or used on someone else, and no actual cause of  death is reported.   In this, they say: ``Actions taken in accordance with this act do not  constitute suicide, assisted suicide, mercy killing, or homicide.'' Oh,  really? Maybe they should look up the definitions of those words. The  definition of homicide is the killing of one person by another whether  intended or not. The definition of suicide is the act of taking one's  own life voluntarily and intentionally.   This bill is bad for the people of D.C. This is bad for America. This  is not who we are. This is not who we are as a compassionate, caring  group of Americans--especially caregivers, especially doctors. We can  do better, and we all need to stand up against this.   