 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the Hatch  amendment.   Because of the Affordable Care Act, more than 2 million children have  health insurance today that did not have it prior to the Affordable  Care Act.   In my State, Governor Kasich, a Republican, who is a friend of mine  and of many of us in this Chamber, has said that he has admonished his  Republican colleagues to not repeal the Affordable Care Act without an  immediate replacement. Governor Kasich expanded Medicaid. As a result,  700,000 Ohioans were provided insurance because he expanded Medicaid.  He asked the question: What happens to these 700,000 people in my  State--just in Medicaid expansion alone--what happens to them if the  Hatch amendment passes or if the Affordable Care Act is repealed?   I ask my colleagues to vote no on the amendment.   Mr. President, I raise a point of order that the pending amendment is  not germane to the underlying resolution. It violates section 305(b)(2)  of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Utah.    Mr. President, I call for amendment No. 86.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment is pending.    Mr. President, thanks to Medicaid and the Children's  Health Insurance Program, CHIP--two programs made stronger by the  Affordable Care Act--95 percent of children in America now have  affordable, comprehensive health insurance that covers annual  physicals, dental care, and hospital stays. Why would we want to move  backward instead of building on that 95 percent?   Amendment No. 86 creates a budget point of order against any  legislation that would decrease coverage, reduce benefits, or raise  costs when it comes to children's health insurance. Rather than ripping  away coverage from children, we should be building on that 95 percent  number; we should build on that progress; we should work to get 100  percent of our Nation's children covered.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b)(2) of  that act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas  and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The question is on agreeing to the motion to waive.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.    How am I recorded?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator is not recorded.    On behalf of 700,000 Ohioans losing their insurance, I  vote no.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not allowed during a vote.   