 Mr. President, we are here today because Republicans'  discrimination against women knows no boundaries. They think a woman's  right to choose is still up for discussion. It is not.   Let me be clear. A woman's right to choose is a discussion for a  woman and her doctor. That is it. A healthcare provider receiving  Federal funds should be judged on their ability to serve a patient.  That is it.   Today, Republicans are voting on a measure that would allow States to  discriminate against family planning providers simply because they do  not like the populations they treat or the services they provide. It  would embolden a State to restrict Federal funding for only health  centers that serve primarily minority populations or patients who  identify as LGBTQ, and it would allow a State to strip away Federal  investments in family planning  [[Page S2137]]  clinics that serve women's reproductive health needs.   These are not hypothetical concerns. Women's reproductive care is  under attack by extreme rightwing Republicans across this country.  State politicians introduced more than 500 bills restricting access to  reproductive healthcare in 2016, enacting more than 60 new abortion  restrictions last year.   Let's be clear. The result of today's vote means that there will be  less access to care for women and families across this country. Health  centers receiving title X funding provide basic primary and preventive  healthcare services, such as HIV testing and contraception, to more  than 4 million women and men at nearly 4,000 healthcare centers  nationwide. It is because of the work done at these centers that we are  now at a 30-year low in unintended pregnancies, a historic low in teen  pregnancies, and we have the lowest rate of abortions since the Supreme  Court ruled that abortion was legal in 1973. We are a healthier Nation  because of family planning clinics that receive title X funding.   Now, more than ever, we need to stand and raise our voice against the  Republican Party's agenda of discrimination. It is about fighting for  the freedom to make decisions in our personal lives without the fear of  interference from our own government. It is about the access to  opportunity that comes from quality, affordable healthcare and making  sure that access is never restricted, no matter what gender you are.  But with Donald Trump as President and both Chambers of Congress now  controlled by the GOP, national Republicans are in the best position in  decades to enact a radical agenda that rolls back women's rights. Today  is just one step in their massive plan to take women's rights right  back to the 19th century.    I know they will not back down from enacting their radical agenda,  but I also know that we who want to protect women's rights will not  back down from this fight. It is a historic battle. This vote is a  historic vote.   I urge all Members to vote no.   I yield back the remainder of my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Colorado.   