 Mr. President, I think the Senator makes a great point.  We have had a debate here this afternoon about economic growth. One of  the realities now on which both sides of the aisle can agree is that  the tax relief we are putting out there, which is helping middle-class  families to have a little healthier family budget, is also helping  workers with regard to the international competition. Right now, our  workers are competing with one hand tied behind their back. All of this  is going to generate more economic growth. It is going to come from  more investment, more productivity.   In fact, the number that the Joint Committee on Taxation put out  today, although it is significantly lower than other numbers, is over  $400 billion in more revenue coming in. That is enough growth to  generate that much more revenue coming into the Federal Government.    Exactly. So that is the number--let's say roughly $400  billion--that they have.   By the way, there are 137 economists who tell us that it will be not  $400 billion, but it will be $1 trillion. This is their quote. Their  letter came out yesterday. ``Economic growth will accelerate, if the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passes, leading to more jobs, higher wages, and a  better standard of living for the American people.'' This is 137  economists who say that actually it is going to be more than twice as  much as Joint Tax says. There are other studies that the Senator from  South Dakota talked about that indicate there will be even more  economic growth.    That is one part of the debate: How much economic growth  is going to come out of these tax reforms that we are putting forward?  We know there will be a lot; the question is, How much? But this is all  based on a Congressional Budget Office estimate of growth over the next  10 years, the GDP growth, the economic growth. So we are sort of in a  straitjacket. Although we believe this tax reform proposal will help in  terms of that growth, we have to go by this number of 1.9 percent. So  1.9 percent is anemic growth. That is sad. If we can't do better than  1.9 percent, we have real problems in this country, and that is over  the next 10 years, projected.   As the Senator has said, it is kind of interesting that they are  projecting 1.9 percent and others are projecting higher numbers. In the  context of us having just finished a quarter that was 3.3 percent--it  was adjusted yesterday to 3.3 percent--and then the quarter before, the  second quarter of this year, was 3  [[Page S7536]]  percent. So 3 percent, 3.3 percent over the last two quarters, yet they  say 1.9 percent. There is a private forecast that indicates there will  be between 3 and 4 percent growth next year. The average, as Senator  Thune said, even with a lot of things happening, such as a recession  and hurricanes and other natural disasters, is 2.5 percent or more. So  this is not normal. In other words, this is a relatively low rate.   I know we can do better. I don't say, as some do, that this is  somehow the new normal. We have to do better. If we don't do better, we  can't begin to get wages back up again, which have been flat really for  the last couple of decades when you take inflation into account. We  know we can do better. That is why this tax bill is so important, to  give the economy that shot in the arm.   But let's assume for a minute that it will be only 1.9 percent-- dismal growth. Let's assume this tax proposal passes. Let's assume we  get the benefit of the increased revenue from that.   By the way, what we say in the tax proposal is that about $1.4  trillion to $1.5 trillion of tax relief will be part of this, and that  is out of $44 trillion over the next 10 years. That will provide a  little bit of a tax relief because we know the growth will come from  that. So let's assume that this is true. Let's assume you use the right  policy baseline, assuming that we are going to continue with the  current extenders, which we always do. We end up--stick with me here-- with about a $533 billion deficit over the next 10 years if we assume  this really low rate of growth.   If you assume that instead of 1.9 percent, we go not to 3 percent,  not to 2.5 percent, not even to 2.4, 2.3, 2.2, but let's just say 2.1  percent growth--again, very conservative, and I sure hope we will do  better, and I believe we will--but let's assume it is 2.1 percent. That  will generate enough revenue, because it is up to $270 billion per  every 0.1 percent, to have this tax reform proposal actually result in  money going back into the Treasury--in other words, reducing the  deficit.   So I think this is very fiscally responsible. I think it is very  conservative. I think 2.1 percent growth is not something that is at  all out of bounds. In fact, I think it is going to be far higher than  that based on the growth we have already had recently and the growth  that has been projected by outside forecasters.   So I would just say to folks who are hearing that this is somehow  blowing a hole in the deficit, I think it is the opposite. I think it  is going to actually result in more money going into the Federal  Treasury to get the deficit down.   Let me say something else. This is a debate we can have, but we have  to deal with the growth side if we are going to get the deficit under  control, there is no question about it, not just the spending side. We  have to get it under control. But even to do the important work we have  to do on a bipartisan basis with restrained growth, it is much more  likely that we will do it when we have higher growth. If it is 1.9  percent, we are not going to get there.   So let's get some pro-growth tax reform. Let's get the economy  moving. Let's give people the sense that we can tackle these problems.  Let's do something about the debt and deficit. We can do that by very  meager growth--2.1 percent versus 1.9 percent--and actually take money  that is currently in the economy at 1.9 percent--not moving much. Let's  get it moving more. Let's create more economic activity. Let's do that  to get that growth rate up a little bit through this tax reform, and  then let's actually begin to reduce that debt and deficit.   I just wanted to make that point. When we hear that this is somehow  fiscally irresponsible--I think it is very responsible fiscally, very  conservative. I think we will do better than the numbers we have seen  here of 1.9 percent growth. Certainly just 2.1 percent growth actually  reduces the deficit, and I think that ought to be brought into the  debate.   