 Mr. President, something truly outrageous is happening  today on the floor of the Senate. The resolution we will consider today  signals to the American people, in no uncertain terms, that they do not  deserve the right to seek justice when big banks or other financial  service providers rip them off, leave their personal information  exposed to hackers, or engage in discrimination. The resolution of  disapproval before us today will strip Americans of their rights in  court and will ensure that corporate wrongdoing can remain shrouded in  secrecy--all to protect powerful companies like Wells Fargo and  Equifax.   Access to our court system is a fundamental principle in American  society. It ensures that all those who wrong others, no matter how  powerful, are equal in the eyes of the law and can be held accountable.  That may no longer be the case. Access to our courts is under assault  by companies that slip forced arbitration clauses into the fine print  of agreements for basic services like checking accounts and credit  cards. For some of these companies, like Equifax, consumers are not  even their customers. They sell consumers' financial information to  other companies. They have little incentive to protect consumers or  even treat them fairly. That is how Equifax can actually make  significant profits after it carelessly allowed the personal  information of half of the adult population in the United States to be  compromised. This is wrong.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB, rightly put some  commonsense limitations on the abuse of forced arbitration clauses. The  rule provides that financial services companies cannot force consumers  to sign away their right to join a class action lawsuit. The rule also  requires more transparency when arbitration is used to ensure that  wrongdoing cannot be hidden by powerful companies to keep consumers in  the dark. Protecting consumers in this way should not be controversial.   With the blunt instrument of a resolution of disapproval, the  majority is seeking to strike the CFPB's rule and prevent it from ever  implementing a similar rule in the future. This action, through a  simple majority vote, would slam the courthouse door shut on every  American who is ever ripped off by a company like Wells Fargo or has  their sensitive personal information carelessly left unprotected by a  company like Equifax. If we go down the path of striking this rule,  consumers will only be left with the same empty, meaningless apologies  we always hear from these companies when they are finally caught red- handed.   I hope the American people are following this vote today. If they  want to know whether their Senator stands with them or stands with  corporate abusers, they will certainly find out. Whose side will the  Senate be on when the rollcall is taken on this key vote? The American  people, and their rights as citizens and as consumers? Or the powerful  corporate interests who are pushing to repeal this protective rule? We  shall soon see.   This should not be a partisan issue. We all represent the American  people. It is time we act like it. The Vermonters I represent are  watching. They know what is at stake by repealing this rule. I urge  every Senator who shared my outrage at Wells Fargo and Equifax to take  a stand and reject this shameful resolution.   