 Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank my friend, the  gentleman from Alabama, for letting me participate in this very  important debate today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule, but specifically to voice  my very strong support for one of the bills of the underlying  legislation. That would be H.R. 3043, which is the Hydropower Policy  Modernization Act of 2017.   This legislation, which is sponsored and spearheaded by my good  friend and fellow Washingtonian, Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers,  will improve the licensing process for U.S. hydropower resources by  promoting accountability as well as transparency, by requiring greater  cooperation among Federal and State agencies, as well as by reducing  needless duplication of efforts.   Mr. Speaker, I am a strong, steadfast supporter of hydropower--I  admit that--which, as America's first renewable electricity source, has  provided our country with low-cost, clean, reliable energy for over a  century. In my own home State of Washington, nearly 70 percent of our  energy is derived from hydropower.   While there are still some misguided, extreme efforts to breach our  dams and remove these critical sources of electric generation, I  believe we need to increase our use of clean and renewable resources.  By passing the Hydropower Policy Modernization Act, we can take a very  major step in doing just that.   Mr. Speaker, FERC, or the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,  serves as the lead agency to coordinate hydropower reviews and convene  stakeholders to participate in collaborative,  [[Page H8538]]  transparent public proceedings. However, FERC lacks the authority to  improve the hydropower licensing process, including the ability to  resolve disputes among agencies and enforce scheduling deadlines.    Far too often, it is those Federal and State agencies, as well as  other bureaucratic bodies, that stand in the way of moving these  licensing efforts forward. In fact, in response to a House Energy and  Commerce Committee's subcommittee hearing, FERC reported that there are  26 separate cases where the Commission has finished its environmental  review and is currently waiting for action to be completed by another  agency before FERC can issue a decision on any particular project.   Mr. Speaker, the licensing process for these projects should not be  taking 10 years or more. Natural gas-fired facilities and other carbon- based energy sources are being approved in considerably less time.  Meanwhile, less than 3 percent of the dams in this country produce  electricity.   I will continue to support efforts to increase hydropower generation  that will provide our country with reliable, stable, and clean energy.  We can usher in a new era of U.S. energy independence derived from our  very first renewable energy source by streamlining these processes.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this rule and, particularly,  its underlying legislation, H.R. 3043, the Hydropower Policy  Modernization Act of 2017.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thought I had heard everything. The gentleman from  Alabama got up and said how proud he is of the Rules Committee and of  the process in this House. Oh, my God. The fact that the gentleman  would get up and say that with a straight face, you take my breath  away. It is unbelievable.   Today, we are considering our 49th closed rule of the 115th Congress,  officially making this the most closed session in Congress in history,  and the gentleman is proud of that.   More than half of the rules Republicans have reported out of the  Rules Committee have not allowed any amendments. That means that no  Member, Democrat or Republican, can offer their ideas on the House  floor.   The gentleman says: Well, we want to prevent killer amendments from  being made in order. So all the Republicans that offer amendments to  the Rules Committee have killer amendments? It is ridiculous to say  that about the Democratic amendments.   In total, just so the gentleman understands this, in total, the Rules  Committee has blocked more than 1,300 amendments this year. That is  1,300. They are all killer amendments? They are all not deserving of a  debate in the people's House?   They blocked 1,300 amendments, including 955 Democratic amendments.  You blocked 260 Republican amendments and 121 bipartisan amendments.   Blocking these amendments has a very real impact. A bad process  produces bad policy. Shutting out input from the vast majority of  Members, both Democrats and Republicans, may make it easier for you to  jam your agenda through the House, but that speed comes at the expense  of the policy itself.   When you block amendments, you are shutting down debate on incredibly  important issues, issues that this House of Representatives should be  debating and voting on.   Here are a few examples of germane amendments that the majority  didn't think were worthy of a debate and an up-or-down vote in the  House. These were totally in order.   There is my bipartisan amendment to require a Presidential  determination and congressional action to increase troop levels in  Afghanistan. With the longest war in American history, I thought maybe  it was worth some debate, but the Rules Committee said no to that.   Also, a bipartisan amendment to phase out the 2001 Authorization for  Use of Military Force, they blocked that.   Also, an amendment to ensure that the U.S. doesn't withdraw from the  Paris climate agreement--I know my Republican friends think climate  change is a hoax. They don't believe in science. But, you know what?  You ought to have the guts to debate it. But you blocked it.   You blocked an amendment for funding for troops in Syria.   You blocked an amendment to create the National Russian Threat  Response Center.   The list goes on and on and on.   These aren't killer amendments. These are important issues that get  blocked time and time again. These issues are at the very core of our  responsibilities here in Congress, and you blocked them from even being  considered by the full House.   In this Congress, the majority has blocked over 1,300 amendments from  coming to the floor. You are proud of that? That is disgraceful.   I truly hope that breaking the closed rule record is a wake-up call  and that some of you over there will decide to do things a little bit  differently around here and a little bit better around here, starting  next week with your tax bill, but I am not going to hold by breath.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr.  Ellison).   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would request that all Members  direct their remarks to the Chair.   