 Mr. President. I rise to speak on behalf of the Crapo- Brown-Corker-Cardin Countering Russian Aggression and Cyber Attacks Act  of 2017. This is filed as amendment No. 232 to the pending Iran  sanctions bill, and as has been indicated, we will vote on it in just a  few minutes. This amendment is the result of a partnership between the  Senate Banking Committee and Senate Foreign Relations Committee.   Amendment 232 ratchets up pressure against the Russian Federation for  its illegal invasion and annexation of Crimea, its continuing  escalation of violence in eastern Ukraine, and its malign cyber  activities against businesses and citizens of the United States. It  also provides Congress with strong oversight over almost any  termination or suspension of these sanctions.   I spoke yesterday about the hard work of Senators Corker, Brown,  Cardin, and their staffs. I thank them again for their leadership. I  also thank Senators McCain, Graham, and Shaheen, who contributed to  these efforts. I recognize our latest cosponsors, Senators Perdue,  Menendez, Warren, Rubio, Scott, Heitkamp, Reed, and Toomey. I  appreciate their cosponsorship and support as well. We appreciate the  leadership of Majority Leader McConnell and Democratic Leader Schumer,  who helped ensure we could move a good Russia sanctions package. The  need for this legislation is underlined by the fact that many Americans  have deep concerns about Russia's behavior over the past few years.   Since coming to power, Russian President Putin has become  increasingly belligerent, nationalistic, and autocratic. Americans are  concerned about Russia's behavior in Ukraine and Syria, and they are  concerned about Russia's increased cyber intrusions.   Many of us on both sides of the aisle feel the United States needs to  be much stronger in its response to Russia. Americans want to see the  United States stand firm in defense of our long-held values, which  include respect for territorial integrity, human rights, and liberty.   The Crapo-Brown-Corker-Cardin amendment signals to the world that the  United States has unflagging commitment to the sanctity of territorial  integrity, human rights, and good governance. Our amendment also  demonstrates our resolve in responding to cyber attacks against  American citizens and entities and against our allies.   In summary, the Crapo-Brown-Corker amendment does the following  things: It escalates and expands the current sanctions regime against  Russia, it creates new sanctions against Russia, it engages Congress at  a higher level than before by providing a mechanism for Congress to  vote before lifting any sanctions on Russia, and it increases the  Treasury Department's ability to track illicit finance, including  illicit flows linked to Russia.   The amendment will result in some very powerful and new sanctions.  Amendment No. 232 includes Congressional Review Act language to ensure  Congress exerts proper oversight over the use of these powerful  sanctions. It also requires the creation of a national strategy for  combating the financing of terrorism and related forms of illicit  finance. This strategy ensures that the United States pursues a  coordinated and effective fight against illicit finance at all levels  of the Russian Government.   As we move forward with this amendment, we must engage all of our  allies and our trading partners. It is important that we work together  to minimize collateral damage and unintended consequences.   This is a strong bipartisan measure that, in important respects,  represents the next step forward. Even though unilateral actions are  not the best option, America must lead on the issue now and encourage  others to follow. The times call for clarity of purpose and a correct  amount of pressure. We have that in this amendment.   Again, thank you to Senators Corker, Brown, and Cardin for your hard  work and support, and all of the other Senators I have mentioned. Thank  you to our cosponsors, and especially to Leader McConnell and  Democratic Leader Schumer for all of your help and your support. I look  forward to passing this measure in short order.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader.   