 Mr. Speaker, I want to begin my remarks by offering my  thoughts and prayers to Majority Whip Steve Scalise and his family, as  well as Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner, and the two  other members of our community who were injured in yesterday's attack.   We are a family--from Members to staff, to the Capitol Police  officers who keep us safe. Families have disagreements and arguments,  but, in the end, we support each other. Speaker Ryan got it absolutely  right yesterday: an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.   We owe it to the American people to hold a vigorous and public debate  of our ideas, but we also owe it to them and to each other to do so  without losing touch with our humanity.   With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2372, which  would protect access to tax credits for up to 7 million veterans on the  American Health Care Act. However, I am concerned by the process that  led to this legislation.   In testimony to the Rules Committee and on the House floor, I  described this loophole in the bill that jeopardizes access to tax  credits for veterans who are eligible but not enrolled in the VA.   Repeatedly, supporters of the AHCA told me that veterans' tax credits  would be protected by existing regulation. This bill is evidence that  the loophole is an issue and that the existing regulation would no  longer apply if the Affordable Care Act was repealed.   While I am glad we are making this fix, I am concerned that the  rushed process for considering the AHCA led to the House passing  disruptive healthcare legislation without fully understanding its  impact on millions of Americans, especially our Nation's veterans.   The tax credit issue is relatively easy to solve, but there are more  complicated issues for veterans under the AHCA that require more  comprehensive solutions.   The $834 billion cut to Medicaid could impact nearly 2 million  veterans. The potential for States to waive protections like essential  health benefits could lead many veterans without health coverage for  the invisible wounds of war. Indeed, military service could be  construed as a preexisting condition.   As someone who repeatedly called out this veterans loophole, I feel  compelled to support this fix, but my support is not an endorsement of  the AHCA or its impact on veterans and their families.   