 Mr. President, let me thank my friend, the Senator from  Delaware, for his kind comments. More importantly, I thank him for his  good work that he brings to the issue of fiscal responsibility. Before  he served here in the Senate, he served as the head of one of the  largest counties in Delaware. Whether you serve as a county chairman or  as a Governor, you are used to the notion that you have to pay your  bills. I very much appreciate his support for this amendment, that of  keeping pay-go in place.   Let me also echo that I absolutely support his notion that the  American citizens in Puerto Rico deserve not to be forgotten and  deserve to receive the same attention we have bestowed upon Americans  in Texas or in Florida or in Louisiana or elsewhere around our great  country when they were victims of national disasters. I hope the  Senator from Delaware gets a chance to submit his amendment.   While Puerto Rico is not receiving sufficient attention, there is  another American territory nearby, the U.S. Virgin Islands, that also  has those same kinds of challenges. If the Senator gets a chance to  submit that amendment, I hope he will include the U.S. Virgin Islands  in there as well.   Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 1138, which I filed at the  desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading  of the amendment be dispensed with.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in favor of my amendment  to strike language in this budget resolution that would exempt the $1.5  trillion tax reconciliation instructions from Senate rules that are  meant to prevent this body from dramatically increasing our debts and  deficits.   I know that everybody is coming back from lunch, and they probably  feel pretty good and do not want to get indigestion, but remember, our  country is sitting on top of a $20 trillion debt at this point, an  accumulation in which both parties have unclean hands.   In the years that I have been in this institution, I have worked with  my Republican colleagues on issues that try to address debts and  deficits, but there is the notion that we are about to take on a budget  resolution this afternoon and start with the premise that the rules  that are there to try to protect us from being fiscally irresponsible  are going to be blown off at the outset. To say that we are going to  start with $1.5 trillion in the hole before we start counting is beyond  irresponsible.   I thank my friend, the Senator from Delaware, for joining me in  offering this amendment.    I am pleased to yield to my friend, the Senator from  Texas, for a question as long as I still get a chance to finish my  comments.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Texas for his  comment.   Let me say where I might agree with some of Senator Cornyn's  principles. I believe that we need a more simplified Tax Code. I  believe that a goal of our Tax Code ought to put American business on a  competitive basis with those of other countries around the world. I  believe, as well, that to do that, one of the goals of tax reform ought  to be to lower corporate rates. I will point out, though, three quick  things so that I may get back to finishing my comments.   One, let's actually look at where America's tax burden stands versus  those of other nations that actually have lower corporate tax rates,  for example. Out of the 34 OECD nations--35 now--if you were to listen  to some folks on this floor, you would think that America must rank at  the top of that list, but we are 31 out of 35.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent, since I had a few  moments and I was trying to give courtesy to answer my colleague, for  an additional 5 minutes.    Five minutes to answer the Senator's question and to make  my very short statement.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   