 I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I first want to thank Chairman Hensarling and the entire  Financial Services Committee for the work they have done on this bill.  They have listened to Members and they have listened to constituents  throughout this country. They studied the issue and they found the very  best policy.   We all know we need economic growth, but we also know that growth  means little if wages will not rise, if jobs do not return, and if more  businesses close than open.   If a rising tide lifts all boats, we need to make sure every American  is in the boat. Repealing Dodd-Frank with the Financial CHOICE Act  lifts people back in so they can participate in America's economy. It  will reestablish the severed ties that link communities to the money  they need to start businesses and hire employees.  [[Page H4721]]    Bringing back the community banks that Dodd-Frank destroyed means  that more people, not just the wealthy, will have access to credit. But  if we want everyone to be part of the American economy, we don't want  people to face the same risks they did before. We want people to be  treated fairly.   In 2008, people lost everything. Aided by misguided Washington  policies, some played fast and loose and put almost everyone else at  risk. So it is only natural that people looked around and asked: Why do  we have a system where, when things go wrong, banks need to get  bailouts, but the American people get nothing?   It is not a fair system. Dodd-Frank made it worse. It actually  codified bailouts into law and made a taxpayer slush fund. On top of  all that, we all know the regulations it created were just ridiculous.   Why is it that the rich and powerful get to game the complicated  rules produced by their friends in the bureaucracy while everyone else  faces a mountain of paperwork and regulations that no human being has a  chance of understanding?   We all know that is not fair. All this ends up boxing out small- business owners and normal Americans who can't hire lawyers to sift  through it all.   The Financial CHOICE Act levels the playing field. It makes both Wall  Street and Washington accountable so that their bad decisions don't  cost the taxpayers money. It makes things simple so that you don't need  an Ivy League law degree to understand the rules that govern our lives.   America is a nation for the people. Everyone has a shot. Everyone  should be treated the same. Everyone has a chance to succeed. The  Financial CHOICE Act brings us a little closer to that America one more  time.   