 Mr. Speaker, the collapse of TrumpCare in  the Senate shows that we need a new way. The process from the very  beginning was fatally flawed. The plan was really behind closed doors.  There were no hearings. No witnesses, no doctors, no insurance plans,  no patients, no nurses, nobody could testify in front of Congress and  let people know about the current healthcare system.   I am not ObamaCare. I am willing to work with Republicans, with the  President, with Democrats to update and improve ObamaCare. Any law can  be made better, but to repeal ObamaCare without a plan is a really  stupid way to go about it, and to repeal it with an even worse plan  known as TrumpCare is an even more stupid way to go about it.   The version that the House passed was going to cause 23 million  people to lose their health insurance, increase premiums in 2018 and  2020, and then take people with preexisting conditions and give them  enormously higher costs. No wonder the Senate killed that version.   Now we are in a position where the Republicans, instead of trying  four, five, six, seven, eight different versions of TrumpCare, they  should do the one thing they haven't yet tried, which is  bipartisanship.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlemen from Arizona (Mr. Gallego), who  will make some comments as well.    I like you.    Mr. Speaker, Representative Gallego and I  both served on Active Duty in the United States military. Before we  could do that, we had to take an oath to the Constitution. That is the  same oath that Members of Congress take, and it is also an oath that  members of the executive branch take.   Under the Constitution, Congress passes the laws. ObamaCare is the  law of the land. Under the Constitution, the President has a duty to  enforce those laws.   Today, the President tweeted that he wants ObamaCare to implode. Not  only is that mean, mean, mean, it is also a dereliction of duty. The  job of the President is to help Americans, not hurt millions of  Americans out of spite.   Let me give you an example of what it was like before ObamaCare.   I was at a restaurant and a waitress came up to me. She knew I was a  legislator. I was in the State legislature at the time, and she wanted  help. Her daughter had just turned 18, and, in California, where I am  from, you cannot get government health insurance if you don't have any  minor children. So  [[Page H6563]]  she lost her government health insurance.   She was recently diagnosed with breast cancer. She tried to get  private insurance. None of them would cover her. And I realized that  she is now going to slowly die because she could not get health  insurance coverage.   She could not go into an emergency room and get treatment because her  breast cancer had not progressed to that point. But one day she is  going to get to that point. She will go to an emergency room; she will  get treated for a few days; and then she will die. And I thought, in a  country as great as America, that should never be happening.   Now that the Affordable Care Act is the law of the land, you cannot  be discriminated against because of your preexisting conditions. There  are some incredibly amazing elements of this law. That is why the  Republicans could not repeal it. Because the American people, after  looking at it for 7 years, the majority said, you know, this is a  pretty good deal. Is it the best deal? No. We could definitely make it  better.   Mr. Speaker, Representative Gallego and I are offering to the  Republicans and Speaker Ryan to engage in bipartisanship. The one thing  we are asking the Speaker to do is to not enable the President to  sabotage the Affordable Care Act. Not only is that wrong, but it would  be enabling his dereliction of duty, and it will cause millions of  Americans to suffer greatly just out of spite.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gallego).    Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, the House of  Representatives is going to go on recess in August. Now is the time for  millions of people across America to contact their Member, ask them to  hold townhalls, ask them to explain their vote on the awful TrumpCare  legislation that passed the House, and ask them to now work with  Democrats and work on a bipartisan basis to improve ObamaCare. Now is  the time for millions of Americans to speak up. They have the entire  month of August to contact their Member of Congress, and I urge them to  do so.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gallego).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of  my time.   