 Mr. President, the big debate right now, as we all know  in our country, is this: How do we repeal and replace ObamaCare?   It is pretty clear that the American people want something done. They  voted, ever since the bill was passed, for those who opposed ObamaCare  and had a desire to both repeal and replace, culminating in the  election of President Trump.   Now, I and Susan Collins, as well as others, have introduced  something called the Patient Freedom Act, which is our attempt to  replace ObamaCare. But what I want to emphasize here is the bill's  emphasis upon federalism. The key feature is that we take power from  Washington, DC, and give it back to patients and back to State  capitols.   We think that we find plenty of examples where Washington has done  that, allowing States to be the laboratories of democracy. It has  worked out well for all.   First, let's look at the parameters that President Trump has laid  out. President Trump says he wants to repeal the Affordable Care Act  but replace it with something which covers everyone, takes care of  preexisting conditions, does not have mandates, and lowers cost. Those  are the marching orders, as far as I am concerned. With the Patient  Freedom Act, we attempt to achieve President Trump's goals.   Now, how do we do that? Under our bill, Congress would pass  legislation this year which next year would give States one of three  options.   The Patient Freedom Act has something we call the better choice. That  would be one option that States could choose. But really, a State would  have the choice to say nothing: We don't want anything from the Federal  Government. Good-bye. Get out of here. That is one option the State  has, and the last option the State has is to stay with the status quo-- or the Affordable Care Act.  [[Page S511]]    We have actually gotten a little bit of criticism for that from  conservatives, and I am saying: Why? This is federalism.   We are going to repeal the ObamaCare taxes and penalties. We are  repealing that. But if a State and a State capitol wants to reinstitute  taxes and penalties upon the people in its State and upon the  businesses in that State, God bless them. I think it is a mistake, but  they should have that choice. In fact, they have that choice now. All  we are saying is that you can exercise the right that you currently  possess.   The States would choose in 2018. They would implement their choice in  2019. By 2020, ObamaCare would be repealed and replaced. That is our  goal: to repeal and replace while achieving President Trump's goals of  insuring all, taking care of those with preexisting conditions, without  mandates and at a lower cost.   Now, by the way, let's talk a little bit about federalism.  Conservatives have always thought the 10th Amendment, which grants the  States every responsibility not delegated to the Federal Government, is  an important consideration. That is what we are embracing here--to  allow the State to choose.   There are some States in which the Affordable Care Act, I am told, is  working well. The folks in California and New York swear by it. It is  not working in Louisiana.   A friend of mine got his quote for the renewal of his and his wife's  policy. They are 60 and 61, or thereabouts. It was $39,000 a year-- $39,000 a year for the renewal of a policy.   Yes, Mr. President, it is $39,000 a year for the renewal of a policy.  No one believes me. I put it on my Facebook page, holding up the quote  sheet with their names darkened out, but you can see, it is $39,000 a  year. That is the ``un-Affordable Care Act.''   As you look around the country, you can see, for example, in Arizona,  there was one county that for a while had no insurance company there,  and when one came in, it raised the rates 116 percent in one year--more  than doubled in one year, on top of the increases in all the previous  years.   If California and New York say that the Affordable Care Act is  working for them, keep it. It is not working for Arizona. It is not  working for Louisiana. It is not working for other States in the Union.  Why not take power from our Nation's capital and give it to the State  capital, and allow the State capital to come up with a solution that  works for that State?   I read an editorial today, and it was out of Rome, GA. It pointed to  the Welfare Reform Act, in which a Republican Congress and President  Clinton devolved to the States many of the reforms necessary for  welfare. It has been considered a tremendous legislative success. They  used that example as an endorsement of the approach to federalism we  are taking now.   It isn't just that we give power back to the States; we also give  power back to the patients. We let them choose the benefits they wish  to have. We put in measures such as price transparency so that someone  knows how much something costs before she has the tests performed, as  opposed to being surprised by a huge bill 6 months later. With that and  other means, we give power to patients.   We hope all those who wish to see President Trump's mandates  fulfilled to cover everyone, take care of those with preexisting  conditions, lower costs without mandates, in the process of repealing  and replacing ObamaCare, will endorse the federalism of the Patient  Freedom Act as well as those other provisions.   Mr. President, I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select  Committee on Intelligence be authorized to meet during the session on  January 31, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. in room SH-219 of the Senate Hart Office  Building.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   