 Mr. President, I rise today during Human Trafficking  Awareness Week to talk about the scourge of human trafficking, and,  specifically, about an investigation that the Senate has just concluded  that matters to every single State represented in this Chamber and to  every American.   We are told now that human trafficking, including sex trafficking, is  a $150 billion a year industry. That makes it the second largest  criminal enterprise in the world, behind the drug trade. Unfortunately,  it is happening in all of our States, including my home State of Ohio.  It is growing as a problem.   A couple of weeks ago, two people were arrested in my home town of  Cincinnati in connection with sex trafficking. Police charged a women  with luring an underage girl to commit a sex act with a 56-year-old  man.   That was just 2 weeks after police in Blue Ash, OH, just up the road,  broke up what they said was a sex trafficking ring at a hotel. Police  said that two men and two women rented two rooms at a hotel, paying  cash, and forced four different women to perform sex acts. The women  were given crack cocaine and heroin, presumably to keep them dependent  on their traffickers.   This is what I am hearing back home a lot when I talk to victims of  sex trafficking. Typically, drugs are involved. In Ohio, it is usually  heroin. These cases are alarming, and, unfortunately, we have reasons  to believe that the problem is getting worse not better. The National  Center for Missing and Exploited Children, really, the expert on this  issue, particularly of kids who get involved in sex trafficking,  reports an 846-percent increase in reports of suspected child sex  trafficking from 2010 to 2015. That is an over 800-percent increase  just in those 5 years.   The organization found this spike to be ``directly correlated to the  increased use of the Internet to sell children for sex.'' So it is kind  of the dark side of the Internet, isn't it. What I am told sometimes by  survivors of trafficking is that they say: Rob, this has moved from the  street corner to the cell phone. There is widespread evidence that sex  trafficking is increasingly doing that all over our country.   In order to confront this problem, as chairman of the Permanent  Subcommittee on Investigations, along with my colleague and ranking  member Senator Claire McCaskill, I opened a bipartisan investigation  into sex traffickers and their use of the Internet. This investigation  began about 2 years ago. The National Center for Missing & Exploited  Children says that nearly three-quarters--73 percent--of all suspected  child sex trafficking reports it receives from the general public  through its cyber tip line are linked to one Web site--a single Web  site. That Web site is called Backpage.com.   According to a leading anti-trafficking organization called Shared  Hope International, ``[s]ervice providers working with child sex  trafficking victims have reported that between 80 and 100 percent of  their clients have been bought and sold on Backpage.com.'' Eighty to  100 percent of their clients have been bought and sold on Backpage.com.   Again, that is consistent with everything I have heard when I have  been back home and spoken to and met with sex trafficking survivors.  Backpage now operates in 97 countries, 934 cities worldwide. It is  valued at well over half a billion dollars. According to an industry  analysis, in 2013, 8 out of every 10 dollars spent on online commercial  sex trafficking in the United States went to this one Web site,  Backpage.   Others, by the way, have chosen not to engage in this. There have  been a number of cases around the country, including in Ohio, where  Backpage.com was used by traffickers to sell underage girls for sex.   Last spring, in my own State of Ohio, a man, who by the way has nine  children of his own, was sentenced to 12 years in Federal prison for  trafficking four underage girls who had run away from home in Akron and  Canton, OH. He kept them locked in a hotel, supplied them with drugs  like marijuana, heroin, and ecstasy, and sold them for sex on  Backpage.com. When he was arrested, by the way, he was found with more  than 8,000 bags of heroin.   Just this week, or a week later after that, a man from Fort Wayne,  IN, was charged with human trafficking and child prostitution after he  was arrested on his way to Ohio. His intention, police say, was to  traffic a 14-year-old girl whom he had met on Facebook, raped, and whom  he planned to sell on Backpage.com.   Backpage says it leads the industry in its screening of  advertisements for illegal activity. In fact, Backpage's top lawyer has  described their screening process as the key tool for disrupting and  eventually ending human trafficking via the World Wide Web.   But despite these boasts, this Web site and its owners consistently  have refused to cooperate with our investigation, with other  investigations relating to lawsuits around the country. With regard to  our situation, we subpoenaed them for the documents, and they still  refused to provide the documents or to testify. As a result, as my  colleagues will remember, this body, the Senate, for the first time in  over 20 years, voted unanimously to pass a civil contempt citation to  require them to supply the documents, to come forward with this  information.   In August a Federal court order rejected Backpage's objection to that  subpoena and compelled the company to turn over the subpoenaed  documents to the subcommittee. Backpage appealed that and asked for a  delay in that order. They took it all the way up to the Supreme Court  of the United States. But their request was rejected. Since then, the  subcommittee has been able to review the documents that have been  submitted--over 1 million documents--including emails and other  internal documents.    What we found was very troubling, to say the least. After reviewing  the documents, the subcommittee published a staff report on Monday of  this week that conclusively shows that Backpage has been more deeply  complicit in online underage sex trafficking than anyone imagined. We  reached three principle findings: first, that Backpage has knowingly  covered up evidence of criminal activity by systematically editing its  so-called adult ads; second, that Backpage knows that it facilitates  prostitution and even child sex trafficking; and third, that despite  the reported sale of Backpage to an undisclosed foreign company in  2014, taking them outside of the United States, the true owners of the  company are the founders--James Larkin, Michael Lacey, and Carl Ferrer,  their chief executive officer.   First, on the editing of ads, our report shows that Backpage has  knowingly covered up evidence of crimes by systematically deleting  words and images suggestive of illegal conduct, including of child sex  trafficking. That editing process sanitized the content of millions of  advertisements in order to hide important evidence from law  enforcement.   In 2006, Backpage executives instructed staff to edit the text of  adult ads, not to take them down but to edit them, which is exactly how  they facilitated this type of trafficking, including child sex  trafficking. By October 2010, Backpage executives had a formal process  in place of both manual and automated deletion of incriminating words  and phrases in ads.   Backpage CEO Carl Ferrer personally directed his employees to create  an electronic filter to delete hundreds of words indicative of sex  trafficking or prostitution from ads before they were published.   Again, this filter did not reject the ads because of the obvious  illegal activity. They only edited the ads to try to cover it up. The  filter did not change what was advertised, only the way it was  advertised. So Backpage did nothing to try to stop this criminal  activity. They facilitated it knowingly.   Why did they do that? Backpage executives were afraid they would  erode their profits. It is a very profitable business. In Ferrer's  words, they were  [[Page S309]]  afraid they would ``piss off a lot'' of customers. What terms did they  delete? Beginning in 2010, Backpage automatically deleted words  including ``lolita''--referencing a 12-year-old girl in a book who was  sold for sex--``teenage,'' ``rape,'' ``young,'' ``little girl,''  ``teen,'' ``fresh,'' ``innocent,'' ``school girl,'' and even ``amber  alert''--and then published the edited versions of the ads on their Web  site. Backpage also systematically deleted dozens of words related to  prostitution.   This filter made these deletions before anyone at Backpage even  looked at the ad. When law enforcement officials asked for more  information about the suspicious ads, as they have routinely done,  Backpage had already destroyed the original ad posted by the  trafficker, and the evidence was gone.   So this notion that they were trying to help law enforcement is in  the face of the fact that they actually destroyed the ads that had the  evidence. We will never know for sure how many girls and women were  victimized as a result. By Backpage's own estimate, the company was  editing 70 to 80 percent of the ads in the adult section by late 2010.   Based on our best estimate, that means Backpage was editing more than  half a million ads every year. Internal emails indicate the company was  using the filter to some extent as late as 2014. We simply don't know  if they are still using a filter. Eventually, Backpage reprogrammed its  filters to reject some ads that contained certain egregious words  suggestive of sex trafficking.   But the company did this by coaching its customers on how to post  clean ads to help facilitate the criminal conduct of these traffickers.  So they did reject some ads, but then they went back to the customer to  say: This is how you could do it better. For example, starting in 2012,  a user advertising sex with a teen would get this error message:  ``Sorry, `teen' is a banned term.''   With a one-word change to the ad, the user would be permitted to post  the same ad, the same offer. In October 2011, Backpage CEO Carl Ferrer  directed his technology consultant to create an error message when a  user entered an age under 18 years old. Just like the word filter, the  customer could just enter a new age that the ad would then post.   With regard to ownership, our investigation revealed that acting  through a serious of domestic and international shell companies,  Backpage's founders lent their CEO, Carl Ferrer, more than $600 million  to buy the Web site. While Ferrer is the owner of Backpage, Backpage's  previous owners retain near total debt equity in the company and  continue to reap Backpage's profits in the form of their loan  repayments.   They can also exercise control over Backpage's operations and  financial affairs pursuant to the loans and to other agreements. The  elaborate corporate structure under which Ferrer purchased Backpage  through a series of foreign entities appears to provide absolutely no  tax benefit--based on their accountant's information to us--and serves  only to obscure Ferrer's U.S.-based ownership.   Based on all of these findings, it is clear that Backpage actively  and knowingly covered up criminal sexual activity--sex trafficking-- that was taking place on its Web site, all in order to increase its  profits at the expense of the most vulnerable among us.   Backpage has not denied a word of these findings. Instead, several  hours after our report was issued, the company closed what they call  their adult section. They closed it down. Frankly, this just validates  our findings.   The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children said this about  Backpage's closure of its adult site: ``As a result [of this closure],  a child is now less likely to be sold for sex on Backpage.com.''   No one is interested in shutting down legitimate commercial activity  and speech, but we do want to put a stop to criminal activity.   I want to thank Senator McCaskill and her staff for their shoulder- to-shoulder work with my team on the Permanent Subcommittee on  Investigations on this bipartisan investigation. I am also grateful to  the members of the full committee and the Senate as a whole for  unanimously supporting us as we pursued the enforcement of this  subpoena against Backpage.com.   But we are not done. In the weeks and months ahead, I intend to  explore whether potential legislative remedies are necessary and  appropriate to end this type of facilitation of online sex trafficking.   At a hearing on the report on Tuesday, Backpage CEO and other company  officials pled the Fifth Amendment, invoking the right against self- incrimination, rather than respond to questions about the report's  findings.   The subcommittee also heard powerful testimony from parents whose  children had been trafficked on Backpage.com. One mother talked about  seeing her missing daughter's photograph on Backpage.com, frantically  calling the company to tell them that was her daughter and to please  take down the ad.   Their response: Did you post the ad?   Her response: Of course I didn't post the ad. That is my daughter.  Please take it down.   Their response: We can only take it down if you paid for the ad.   I urge my colleagues to join me in this effort to ensure that does  not happen again. What happens to these kids is not just tragic; it is  evil.   I urge my colleagues to join me in reforming our laws so they work  better to protect these children.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   