 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Guthrie) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 58. I am pleased to join  Congressman Guthrie as a cosponsor.   As a parent, I know the critical difference teachers can make in a  student's life. That is why many young people choose the path of  education as their career and their mission.   This rule creates an arbitrary tie between teacher preparation  programs and student test scores. What is worse, this rule unfairly  discriminates against teachers who commit to teaching STEM subjects or  different languages--critical subjects already facing a teacher  shortage and occupations desperately seeking skilled employees.   In Michigan--my home State--teacher training program enrollment  declined 38 percent between 2008 and 2013. The number of people who  actually pursue teaching after going through a prep curriculum declined  by 26 percent. We face a teacher shortage in Michigan and nationwide.   I frequently hear from the people I serve, teachers and parents in my  district, that they are disheartened and frustrated by the Federal  Government's overreach and arrogance that turns educating young people  into a test score.   Mr. Speaker, let's return authority where it belongs with teachers  and, more importantly, parents.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Joint  Resolution 57. I am pleased to join Congressman Todd Rokita as an  original cosponsor.   As a parent, I know that success looks different for each child. I  frequently hear from parents, teachers, and school boards in my  district that with more local flexibility, they can better meet the  needs of local students. This is why the Every Student Succeeds Act  replaced the one-size-fits-all approach to K-12 education, and gave  power back to states and school districts. Unfortunately, the previous  administration used executive authority to impose an inflexible  accountability system and take away the local voices; voices that are  critical in determining how schools should be held accountable. Local  schools, teachers, and parents, not Washington bureaucrats, know best  what success looks like.   Mr. Speaker, let's return authority where it belongs--with teachers,  schools, and school districts.   Success and accountability should be about meeting students' needs,  not Washington's mandates. I urge my colleagues to support passage of  House Joint Resolution 57.   