 Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman's  courtesy, and I appreciate her advocacy on this.   This is serious business. There are people--no secret--in the  administration and there are people in Congress who would like to  undermine this agreement. The mixed signals that have been sent by the  administration are truly disturbing.   One has to wonder what North Korea is thinking about, that there are  people who suggest that we ought to go ahead and blow it up when, in  fact, they are abiding by the terms of the agreement, and officials in  the administration agree with this. What sort of deterrent is that to  North Korea in terms of its reckless action with nuclear weapons? It  seems to reinforce that behavior.   But there are also elements in Iran, hardliners who didn't agree with  this agreement, who felt that it was too evenhanded, who felt that the  leadership gave up too much, and who don't want closer relationships  with the United States or the other Western powers that worked with  us--including China and Russia--to enact this historic agreement,  which, as I pointed out, was agreed to even by officials in the Trump  administration that Iran has abided by.   Are they a nation of bad actors? Absolutely. There are forces within  the government that are very destructive. But the point is we focused  on something that all of us agree is absolutely critical, and that is  not having Iran rushing forward to become another nuclear state. We  have seen that the breakout time under this agreement has lengthened.  It is acting as we intended.   It was also one of those rare areas where we actually had Germany,  Great Britain, France, Russia, and China working with us to negotiate  an agreement.   Now, this is going to be perceived as an effort by the United States  to undermine the agreement. Should we give them and the hardliners in  Iran an excuse to walk away because we violated it? What is going to be  the assessment of our allies who are deeply committed to this and have  resisted efforts to unravel it?   We need all the help we can get in the international arena. We have  watched this administration systematically isolate us, this last week  with the reckless decision to go ahead and relocate the Embassy--or at  least claim we are going to relocate the Embassy--condemned by  virtually everybody else in the world. We are standing alone with an  action to destabilize a very volatile situation.   This comes forward at a time when Iran is abiding by it, to go ahead  and crank up the report on the assets of a variety of Iran's senior  political, religious, and military leaders, including people who aren't  subject to the sanctions.   It is placing, it has been mentioned, strain on the Department that  has finite resources--it needs to focus on things--taking away  resources from efforts to target on actual sanctionability. It seems to  be decidedly wrongheaded.   It is interesting that Congress had until this week to reimpose the  sanction lifted under the agreement per Trump's decertification in  October. Congress chose not to. I think that was a wise decision. To  me, it indicates, at least, that the agreement has been largely  successful.   But, if we are going to jeopardize the framework, giving the hardline  elements an opportunity to claim that we are repudiating, while giving  a green light to some of the folks there who have no intention of being  able to work on a cooperative basis, we ought not to fan the flames. We  ought to be trying to nurture opportunities for cooperation.   We should focus on areas where they are doing things we don't agree  with. If you want to target some specific sanctions that we somehow  haven't imposed that are within the purview of the framework and  wouldn't violate it, go ahead. But having these actions, I think, sends  the wrong signal. It is the wrong resource.   Mr. Chairman, I think it is important to reject this legislation.   