 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition of H.J. Res. 111, which will  overturn the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's rule, prohibiting  forced arbitration for many consumer contracts, including student loan  contracts.   Banks and large corporations often take advantage of ordinary  Americans by burying forced arbitration clauses and boiler plate fine  print in standard contracts.   When corporations force consumers to secretly arbitrate with  handpicked firms, which rely on those same corporations for repeat  business, the system is rigged.   Take, for example, Matthew, who enrolled in a for-profit aviation  school that closed before Matthew could finish his degree. At the  recommendation of the school, he had taken out $56,000 in private  student loans.   With debt and no credential because the school had closed, Matthew  joined a class action with thousands of other students. But due to a  class action ban in the loan contract, the court ruled that thousands  of individual students must individually settle their disputes with the  bank in arbitration.   That means each individual student had to hire their own lawyer, take  time off to present their case, and everything else you have to do to  present a case. That is why most victims of this kind of fraud will  never collect what they are owed.   If each victim only loses a little bit, virtually nobody will bring a  claim. With the class action, at least you can achieve an injunction so  the corporation will stop. Each plaintiff might receive a little bit,  but without the class action, the corporation is free to continue the  fraud.    Without this rule, the banks will continue to use forced arbitration  clauses to advance their special interests at the expense of innocent  victims who will be ripped off.   Mr. Speaker, that is why we need to stand with consumers. I urge my  colleagues to do that: stand with consumers, reject this repeal of the  important rule, and vote ``no'' on H.J. Res. 111.   