 Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. McClintock for yielding me the  time and for his kind words.   Mr. Chairman, I am not going to respond to the other side of the  aisle because some things that are said on this floor are so ridiculous  that they don't deserve a response. So I just want to talk today, Mr.  Chairman, about the facts that we face in the San Joaquin Valley.   So in the southern and central San Joaquin Valley, we have about 3  million acres of farm ground, land that is the most fertile farmland in  the world--not just in the United States, in the world. We are in  danger of losing about a third of that farmland largely because the  leftwing government in California has overreached so far that they are  now taking away people's private property rights.   So I want to talk first about our water shortage. So this is the  shortage of water that we have in the valley. So it is about 2.6  million acre feet are what we need on average to farm all of the land  that we have historically farmed in our area.   Now, these are farms that provide food for not only the people of the  United States and all over the world but also for the families that  work on these farms.   So we hear a lot about drought, and we have had supposedly a severe  drought, and it was no question a severe drought, but what the left  continues to not want to talk about is all the water that gets dumped  out into the ocean every year. So just from October of last year to  just a couple days ago, 46 million acre feet of water have gone out to  the ocean. So if you go back to the chart I just had, we are only short  2.6 million acre feet. So of the water that has flown into the delta in  the middle of California, 92 percent of that water has gone out to the  ocean, and it has been wasted.   Now, some on the other side of the aisle, they continually talk about  global warming, and they continually talk about how the oceans are  rising. Well, if you believe the oceans are rising, why would you want  more water to flow out into the ocean? I don't understand that.   So this is about a million acres of farmland that is going to come  out of production if we don't do anything about it. About 1 million  acres over the next decade will begin to come out of production. In  fact, some this year is already out of production because none of the  water was moved early enough so that it could get to farms in time.   So even though we have flooding--so this picture was taken just a  couple days ago--this is water spilling over the top of the dam that is  going to go all the way out into the ocean and be wasted, for an ocean  that supposedly is rising because of global warming. So this is  happening because, as Mr. McClintock said, we are not building water  storage projects.   So what this bill does is it reverts back to what the Founding  Fathers of our State built, mostly Democrats, by the way. It was  Democrats working with the Republicans who built this water system in  California. So if we take the existing water system that we have, we  add to that four or five facilities, like Mr. McClintock is talking  about, all the land gets farmed, all the species get saved, everybody  goes to work.   What you will not hear from the left, and this is very disturbing, I  only picked the least disturbing of all the pictures, but I think it is  important for people here in Washington and all over the United States  to understand this, this is just one family of many of thousands of  families where their homes actually ran out of water. So this picture  is not from Africa, it is not from somewhere in Southeast Asia. This is  a picture from my area, from my district, from the central and southern  San Joaquin Valley. These are people who are out of water.   So the left always talks about wanting to protect people, wanting  people to be able to work, yet we have people with no water in their  homes, and yet they are willing to see 92 percent of the water flush  right out by the Golden Gate Bridge and be wasted for an ocean that  supposedly is filling up.   