 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday I went to Benito Juarez high  school in Chicago, in the southwest part of the city, in the Pilsen  neighborhood. It has a predominantly Mexican-American enrollment at  this high school. It is one of my favorites. I have been there time and  again for so many different events. It is full of life and full of some  amazing young students and some great teachers and a great principal,  Mr. Ocon. I was there 2 weeks ago for a mariachi band ensemble,  training students across the city to be musicians in the Mexican  tradition. There is so much life there.   But yesterday was not the happiest occasion. It was sad and  worrisome. I met with about 20 of the students there, all of whom have  been protected by DACA. DACA was President Obama's Executive order that  was issued in 2012. That Executive order said that if you were brought  to the United States as a child, an infant, a toddler, a young person,  and grew up in this country undocumented; if you had no problems of any  serious nature with the law; if you finished your education; if you  went through a criminal background check and paid a fee, you would be  protected and be able to stay in America 2 years at a time to go to  school, to work, whatever your aspirations may be.   Under President Obama's Executive order, 780,000 young people came  forward, and the 20 I met at Benito Juarez were among them. They got  the protection they needed to legally get a job. For a lot of these  young students, that is a critical part of their lives because, being  undocumented, they don't qualify for any Federal assistance to go to  college. If they want to go to college, they have to save up for it,  and they have to find the money and work for the tuition and other  expenses. So getting a job is a very important part of it.   These young people, as they went through the DACA process, knew that  they were safe from being deported. That is a fear which many of us  can't even understand, but it is a real fear for many people in this  country who are here undocumented. So for these young people, they have  that chance.   On September 5, President Trump announced he was ending the DACA  protection program as of March 5 of next year, putting an end to the  protection these young people have. As their DACA expires, they will be  vulnerable to deportation. They will reach the point where they can no  longer work in America.   The end of DACA as we know it will dramatically change the lives of  thousands of young people. It will change the lives of 900 of these  DACA-protected young people who volunteered to serve in our military-- currently serving in our military, willing to risk their lives for a  country that will not give them legal status. Imagine that for a  moment. If they had to prove that they really cared about America, what  more could they do then to put their lives on the line? They have done  it, 900 of them. When DACA goes away on March 5 of next year, they have  to leave the military service. That is the end of their opportunity to  serve America. Many of them are in the military because they bring  special skills and special capacities to lead. We will lose them.   It will mean that 20,000 of these DACA-protected young people, when  it goes away for them, will no longer be able to teach--20,000 teachers  across America. I met one of them yesterday, Katherine Galeano.  Katherine, whom I had met before, is a special-ed teacher. Her family  originally came from Nicaragua. She told a heartbreaking story about  what happened 10 years ago. She was in high school. She was taking a  shower in the morning before she was to go to school. There was a knock  on the bathroom door. Her mother was crying and screaming: ``Come out.  Come out.'' Katherine came out to see her father being handcuffed. They  were deporting him to Nicaragua. He was gone. That was the last time he  saw her and she saw him--10 years ago. As she told the story, she said  that her mother tried to make it as a single mom with her kids here in  the United States and finally gave up and went back to Nicaragua,  leaving Katherine to raise herself, to pay her own way through college,  to get a teaching certificate and teach special-ed in the city of  Chicago. As of March 5 next year, Katherine is finished teaching. It is  over. DACA is gone.   When I met with these students yesterday, you can imagine what they  were worried about. They are worried about themselves and their future.  They are worried about their families. They are worried about having  turned over all this information to the government when they signed up  for DACA which can now be used against them and their families. That is  what they are worried about.   Many of them, I am sure, reflect on the fact that this could be their  last Christmas in the United States of America. If that seems overly  dramatic, then you need to meet them and talk to them and understand  the reality of their lives. That is what they face.   While President Trump did prospectively eliminate the DACA Program,  he issued a challenge to us. He said to Congress: Now do something. If  I am going to eliminate this Executive order, what is Congress going to  do in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives? Will you pass a law  to deal with this challenge?   He said that in September, and here we are in the middle of December  having done nothing--nothing--and the clock is ticking. It is a clock  that means an awful lot to thousands of young people across America,  including those at Benito Juarez high school in the city of Chicago.   There are people who want to get this fixed, Republicans and  Democrats. We need to come together and get this done. There is no  excuse for delay. We know what needs to be done. We need to give these  young people a chance.   I introduced the DREAM Act 16 years ago here in the Senate, and the  DREAM Act said to these young people: We are going to put you on a path  to legalization and a path to citizenship. It won't be easy, and it  won't be quick, and you will have to show us that you can be a  productive part of America's future, but then we will give you your  chance. These young people grew up in the United States of America,  pledging allegiance to that flag, singing our national anthem,  believing in their heart of hearts that this was home, but it really  wasn't, legally. They were undocumented and illegal in America. Now the  question is, What will we do to make that better, to fix it, to come up  with a just solution?    Some of my Republican colleagues say: Well, you have to give us more  than just fixing their problem; you have to give us some fix to our  immigration system. I am not against that. I was part of a group of  eight Senators who spent months together--four Democrats, four  Republicans. We crafted a comprehensive immigration bill, which I am  proud of. It passed on the floor of the Senate and was sent over to the  Republican House of Representatives where they refused to even consider  it. They would not bring it up for a vote. It died in the Republican  House.   I know this immigration system in America is broken. I have talked  about one specific piece of it this morning, but there are many aspects  of it that are broken. The Republicans have said to us: Do something to  make our borders stronger. Sign me up. I voted for that on the  comprehensive immigration bill. Does that mean more technology, more  equipment, making certain that it is clear that our border is going to  be a real border that you cannot cross at will? Of course. I am  prepared to do that, and many Democrats--maybe all the Democrats--would  join in that effort. There are things that we can do to fix this  system, but what we cannot do is ignore it. We cannot ignore what is  happening to these young people, the threat to their future, to their  families, and we can't ignore the reality that this is a basic test of  who we are as Americans.   I stand here today as the son of an immigrant mother. My mom was  brought to this country when she was 2 years old, and thank goodness my  grandmother decided to put her on a boat, bring her from Lithuania to  the United States. I wouldn't be here otherwise. That is my story, that  is my family's story, and that is America's story. That is who we are.  I cannot imagine my grandmother and grandfather, whom I never knew,  making the decision to come to a country where they didn't even speak  the language,  [[Page S8077]]  giving up everything and leaving it behind in their mother country of  Lithuania to try a new country called the United States of America.  That story has been repeated millions of times, and thank goodness it  has. They not only brought strong backs and strong minds, but they  brought with them a part of their DNA, which was a DNA of culture,  courage, and determination, and I think that is part of who we are as  Americans--and proud to be.   Let me tell you the story of one of these Dreamers, as I call them,  or DACA young people. All of my speeches notwithstanding, these stories  tell more about this situation than anything I could possibly say. This  is Maria Rocha. I have told stories of Dreamers on the floor; she is  101, I believe, of the list that I have given. She came to the United  States at the age of 3, brought from Mexico. Maria grew up in a rural  town called Stonewall, TX. Her fondest memories of growing up in the  Texas Hill Country include haystack jumping, armadillo chasing, and  fishing in a lake. Later in her childhood, Maria's family moved to San  Antonio. Maria was a very good student. She graduated from high school  twelfth in her class. She played varsity soccer. She was recognized as  a San Antonio Scholar Athlete of the Week during her junior year. At  the same time, as she was going to school and playing soccer, she was  working a job to help support herself and her family.   Maria was accepted at the University of Texas at San Antonio. While  enrolled as a full-time student, she kept right on working. In fact,  she juggled three different jobs. She was a housekeeper, a babysitter,  and a personal assistant. She had to come up with $40,000 out of pocket  to pay for college education. She didn't qualify for any Federal  assistance because of her immigration status. So these young students  in college are working harder than many others just to make sure they  succeed.   In May of 2012, she graduated with a degree in interdisciplinary  studies. After graduation, she decided to enter a program known as  Teach For America. Almost everyone knows about this program, but they  should know that this is a program in which college graduates volunteer  to teach in some of the most challenging schools across America. Maria  was one of those.   Today, Maria continues her career as a teacher. She teaches third  grade in her hometown of San Antonio, TX. At the same time, she is  pursuing a graduate degree in education, once again with no Federal  assistance, no Federal loans. Without DACA, Maria would not be able to  work and could be deported immediately. When asked what would happen to  her without DACA protection, which President Trump eliminated as of  March 5 next year, Maria only thinks of her students. Here is what she  said: How are my students going to take it? What is going to happen to  them? That is what scares me.   Nationwide, there are 20,000 DACA recipients just like her. With  Teach For America alone, 190 of these undocumented students who have  gone on to get degrees in college are teaching in the Teach For America  Program. Currently, they are teaching 10,000 students across 11 States,  with one-third of them in the State of Texas.   In a few weeks, Congress is going to face the reality of this DACA  provision by President Trump coming into full effect. As of that day,  she and others like her will start the clock ticking to lose their  jobs, be legally unemployable in America.   Christmas is a special time of year for every family of Christian  faith and those who observe it. It is a special time of year for my  family. The real question though is, Can we leave this week, ignoring  this issue? Can we go home and enjoy our Christmas without thinking for  a moment of how young people like Maria may be facing their last  Christmas in the United States of America? That is the reality of what  she faces. So why don't we face this issue?   This is an empty Senate Chamber, which is usually the case,  unfortunately. I wish it were filled--filled with a healthy, fulsome  debate on this issue. Let's have our disagreements, bring them out.  Let's work out our compromises. Let's do something that is really  radical around here. Let's come together and legislate--Democrats and  Republicans. Let's solve this problem. That is why we were elected, not  to collect a paycheck and build a pension but to solve the problems  facing America. This one is real, it is timely, and it is now.   Maria Rocha and 780,000 other young people are counting on us to do  something. Let's not come up with excuses. Let's come up with answers.   I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, C-SPAN is an interesting phenomenon. When  I go back home to Illinois, I run into people who say: I saw you on C- SPAN.   I often joke and say: Do you have trouble sleeping? Why are you  watching C-SPAN?   I wonder who it is that really watches C-SPAN. It could be a lot of  people who are really fascinated by politics. It could be folks who are  finding it difficult to sleep. It could be some older folks who just  pass the time by watching what happens on the floor of the Senate and  the House.   Tonight, I think we have a special audience of C-SPAN. Tonight, I  think it is entirely possible that we are going to have the wealthiest  section of audience and television viewers in the history of C-SPAN. Do  you know why? They have a bill coming up--a bill that is designed for  the wealthiest people in America. So they are probably at this point  trying to figure out how to live-stream C-SPAN onto their yachts so  they can see if this tax bill is going to pass. Why would they do that?  Why would they be tuned in? Because this is the biggest tax break for  the wealthiest people in the history of Tax Code reform. It is.   It turns out that in 2027, 83 percent of the tax breaks in this bill  go to the top 1 percent of wage earners in America. Boy, how can you  sit down and write a tax bill that is so lopsided for the wealthiest  people in America? You had to have said to the staff first: Find out  what taxes are left that the wealthy might pay and get rid of them-- reduce them right and left. And they did.   Imagine that that is your starting point for Tax Code reform in  America--that you are ignoring working families and the reality of the  life they lead, you are ignoring small and medium-sized businesses, and  you are focusing on the wealthiest people in America and the biggest  corporations.   Do you know what I found in Illinois? When you travel around my State  and meet the business leaders and ask them point-blank: Tell me about  Federal taxes, the biggest corporations never complain because the Tax  Code is loaded with escape hatches for the biggest and wealthiest  corporations and individuals. It is small and medium-sized businesses  that pay the most taxes. They are the ones that should have been the  biggest beneficiaries on the bill. Secondly, there are the working  families. People who are struggling paycheck to paycheck, who can't  save money for their kids' future, are worried about their kids'  student loans. Wouldn't it have been great if the Tax Code reform  really focused on them instead of on the wealthiest people in America?   It is a stereotype, I know, that the Republicans worry about the rich  instead of the working folks, but when you look at this bill, sadly,  that is the reality.   Here is the good news, if there is any good news in that terrible  story I just recounted. The American people get it. They understand it.  How in the world  [[Page S8125]]  could you write a bill and call it tax reform and tax cuts, and have  two-thirds of America hate it instantly? They did it. Congratulations.  You put together a bill, which, instinctively, the American people knew  was a bad deal for them. And it is.   When you take a look at this bill, you realize why we are asked to  vote on this Republican tax plan--a plan written behind closed doors  and rushed through Congress on a last-minute rush this year. It is  because the Republicans are bound and determined to have something that  they passed this year. In all fairness, they passed the Defense  authorization bill, but they spent month after month on repeal and  failure to replace our healthcare system, and now, before they leave  town at the end of this calendar year, they are bound and determined to  get this done, whatever it takes, their so-called tax reform plan.    After a year in control of Congress and the White House and  extraordinarily few legislative achievements to show for it,  Republicans are forcing through this partisan tax plan only a few short  weeks after it was unveiled.   You may not remember unless you were watching C-SPAN that night--I  came to the floor when we were finally given the Senate tax bill. It  was about 500 pages long. As I was going through it, on page 257--I  remember the page--I looked at it, and I thought, what is this? There  was a page in the middle of the tax bill with all sorts of scribbled  handwriting that was absolutely impossible to read. Now, remember, this  is a Tax Code that is going to have an impact on individuals, families,  and businesses to the tune of millions of dollars, and here was a page  in it that no one could read. Do you know why I know no one could read  it? I submitted it to the Record, and the clerk of the Senate came and  found me afterward and said: Senator, you can't put this in the  Congressional Record because we can't read it. That is what was going  on here in writing the Tax Code of the United States of America. It was  a slapdash, hurried effort that sadly does not reflect the best of this  institution or the best of the Members who are part of it.   Why would they do this? Because if this bill were subject to proper  scrutiny, as it should have been--you only really reform the Tax Code  once every several decades--a monumental giveaway to corporate America  would have emerged, a tax break or giveaways to the wealthiest  Americans.   So while most families are focused on getting ready for the holidays,  my Republican colleagues and friends are hoping most Americans will be  too busy to notice them passing a tax bill that will raise taxes on  middle-income families.   This is supposed to be the greatest deliberative body in the world,  the U.S. Senate, and my Republican colleagues threw regular order and  bipartisan input right out the window of the Capitol. They have spent  the past 2 weeks behind closed doors writing the final version of this  tax bill. Only last Friday evening--last Friday--we finally saw the  text of this tax plan fully released, fully revealed. There are more  than 1,000 pages of new Tax Code, and that is what we are expected to  understand and to vote on in a matter of days.   Are the memories of my Republican colleagues so short that they have  forgotten their repeated calls of ``read the bill'' when we considered  the Affordable Care Act? Did they forget their criticism of that  process, which took place, incidentally, over many months,  characterized by transparency, multiple bipartisan hearings, and  included well over 100 Republican amendments? Have they forgotten all  the criticism they leveled on that effort to try to provide health  insurance for more Americans?   This is no way for major legislation to be written, this tax bill  before us. It certainly reflects the best wishes and hardest work of  many of the lobbyists and corporate donors who benefit my Republican  colleagues.   Is it any wonder that after this rushed process, the initial analysis  of the final bill shows that millions of working families in Illinois  and across the Nation will be hurt, while the wealthiest 1 percent of  wage earners in America receive a massive windfall? Sadly, it is no  surprise.   In their plan, Republicans chose to make essentially all individual  provisions to the tax bill temporary in order to pay for massive,  permanent corporate cuts that will overwhelmingly benefit the  wealthiest investors. The result? As I said, when the bill is fully  phased in by 2027, more than half of all Americans will see their taxes  increase under the Republican plan. These are tax increases that will  be felt particularly hard by those households in the bottom 60 percent  and those families with kids. By 2027, while middle-income families pay  a higher tab, the richest 1 percent of Americans will receive a  whopping 83 percent of all the tax cuts under this plan. I just can't  believe they pulled this off, that the Republicans figured out how to  give 83 percent of the tax breaks to the top 1 percent of wage earners  in America and sell it as tax reform to help working families. It is  indefensible.   This devastating result was baked into the DNA of this Republican  plan from the start. There is no greater example of this than  Republicans' determination to erode State and local tax deductions. It  used to be a standard principle in American taxation that you wouldn't  tax people on the money they paid in other taxes. We didn't tax a tax  until this bill came along. We used to say that if you pay a State  income tax or State sales tax or State property tax, we are not going  to impose a Federal tax on your tax payment--no tax on the tax. They  didn't buy it. They changed it. They put limits on the amount of  deductions that you could take for this. What does it mean? Ask the  Realtors in my State, the homebuilders, and they will tell you that  this is going to be a damper on economic growth in the State of  Illinois--a growth that we desperately need in my State to create jobs  and opportunities.   This deduction is taken by nearly one-third of all taxpayers, and  taxpayers in my home State benefit from it among the most in the  Nation. The principle is simple: Under the new Republican plan,  Illinoisans will start paying Federal taxes on the local, State, and  property taxes that they pay, and they don't receive the deduction that  historically has been there.   Republicans apparently feel differently because in the face of weeks  of warnings from Realtors, homebuilders, local school districts, State  and local officials, and first responders about the increased  difficulty that the elimination of this deduction will create, it  didn't deter them one bit, and every single Illinois Republican  Congressman ignored all of this and voted for this terrible plan. It  means higher tax bills for middle-income families in my State and many  others and a strain on crucial State and local investments in  education, infrastructure, and public safety.   That isn't the only hit to middle-income families. Here is the one  that I find the most reprehensible. Millions of people will lose health  insurance because of this tax reform bill. It guts one of the major  provisions of the Affordable Care Act.   After failing miserably to achieve one of their campaign promises to  repeal the Affordable Care Act and take away healthcare from millions  of families, Republicans slipped into this tax bill a provision that  undermines the Affordable Care Act. The net result of it is an increase  of 10 to 20 percent for health insurance premiums for those buying in  the marketplace, and--this is a kicker--13 million Americans are going  to lose health insurance because of this health reform bill that is  brought to us by the Republicans.   I don't see how you can go home to any State and say: Good news. I  gave a tax break to the wealthiest people in America and the biggest  corporations, and average working folks here are going to lose their  health insurance. How can you stand up and say that is good for your  State or for this country?   Republicans' efforts to take away healthcare from families and give  tax cuts to the wealthy shouldn't surprise us. The surprise here is  that so many of the so-called fiscal hawks--how many times have I heard  my Republican colleagues come to the floor and pose for holy pictures  when it comes to the national debt. Oh, it goes over and over again,  the speeches they give when there is a Democratic President. Now that  there is a Republican President, political amnesia has set in.   It turns out that this Republican tax reform--giving tax breaks to  the  [[Page S8126]]  wealthy and not to the middle-income families of America--will add $1.5  trillion to our national debt. Who will pay off that debt for these tax  breaks to the wealthy? I am afraid it is our kids and our grandkids.  Somehow these fiscal hawks are able to convince themselves that cutting  taxes on the wealthy is worth a new burden on our kids.   When you get past all the fancy rhetoric, the bottom line is,  Republicans believe that we can afford to add $1.5 trillion to the debt  if it means giving tax cuts to the wealthy but that we can't afford it  as a nation when we know we are going to need it to make massive  investments in things that mean a lot to working families. Shouldn't we  have put more money into fighting the opioid crisis that claimed almost  2,000 lives last year in my home State of Illinois? Shouldn't we have  put more money into helping kids go to college so they aren't burdened  with student loans that change their lives? Shouldn't we have put more  money into medical research? Couldn't we have put more money into  investing in our infrastructure? No. The Republicans say there is a  much higher priority--tax cuts for wealthy people.   What does make sense to my constituents and millions more across  America is that $1.5 trillion increase in national debt poses a real  threat to our economic future and a threat to the future of Medicare  and Medicaid.   Paul Ryan, Speaker of the House, Republican leader, said they are  going to take care of the added deficit and debt by cutting entitlement  programs like Medicare and Medicaid. I would say to Paul Ryan, my  neighbor from Wisconsin, you are in for a fight, my friend--and it will  not be just the Democrats; it will be a lot of folks in Wisconsin who  aren't going to stand for that outcome.   Americans deserve better than what the Republican leaders in Congress  have brought to us in this bill--rushed through without bipartisan  consideration and without review by experts. This may be a ``big  political win for the Republican Party and their donors,'' but it is on  the backs of hard-working families.   Some of these consequences that we face are already dangerously  clear, others, which we will only discover as we pore through the fine  print of this 1,000-page bill--we can only guess what they will mean.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   