 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wish to thank my colleagues for joining  me on the floor today to stand with American workers. We organized a  group of close to a dozen Senators who have heartfelt and strong views  about the dignity of work, who understand so well that workers are  working harder and smarter but earn less and less money, in spite of  their hard work, in spite of their commitment.   I have been joined on the floor already by Senator Schumer from New  York, Senator Murray from Washington State, Senator Duckworth from  Illinois, Senator Warren of Massachusetts, Senator Casey from  Pennsylvania, and Senator Peters from Michigan, and speaking after I  speak will be Senator Whitehouse of Rhode Island and Senator Merkley of  Oregon and Senator Durbin of Illinois. I thank them for standing up for  American workers.   People in Ohio and around the country, as I said, work harder, and  they work longer than ever, but they have less and less to show for it.  Over the last 40 years, GDP has gone up, corporate profits have gone  up, executives' salaries have gone up all because of the productivity  of American workers. Again, GDP goes up, corporate profits go up,  executive salaries explode upward. Workers are more productive, but  workers have not shared in the economic growth they have created. Hard  work just doesn't pay off like it did a generation ago.   It is no coincidence that over that same timeframe, we have seen  attack after attack after attack on the labor movement. Corporate  special interests have spent decades stripping workers of their freedom  to organize for fair wages and for benefits. The case the Supreme Court  just agreed to take up, Janus v. AFSCME, is yet another attempt to chip  away at workers' power in the workplace.   These are public service workers. These are public schoolteachers,  librarians, police officers, school nurses, firefighters, and postal  workers. They are not looking to get rich in these jobs. They are just  looking to be paid what they earn, the same as any other worker in this  country.   Make no mistake, an attack on public sector unions is an attack on  all unions. An attack on unions is an attack on all workers, whether  they belong to a union or not, and I mean all workers, whether you  punch a timeclock or whether you fill out a timesheet or swipe a badge,  whether you make a salary or earn tips, whether you are on payroll, a  contract worker,  [[Page S6958]]  a temp, working behind a desk, cutting hair, working on a factory  floor, or working behind a restaurant counter. I mean all workers.   The fact is, all workers across this country--as profits go up, as  GDP goes up, as executive compensation goes up, as workers get more  productive, all workers across this country are feeling squeezed. Work  doesn't pay off the way it used to.   We have seen what happens when workers have no power in the  workplace. Increasingly, corporations view American workers as a cost  to be minimized instead of a valuable asset in which to invest.   Look at the news we got last month. This piece of news, when I  mention this to some of my colleagues, when I mention it around the  State of Ohio, peoples' mouths drop. The Bank of America, Merrill Lynch  downgraded the fast food restaurant Chipotle because the company pays  its workers too much.   Remember what happened with American Airlines a few months ago.  American Airlines announced it was doing a companywide pay increase,  and the stock market punished them by knocking their stock down.  Imagine that. So when a company wants to do the right thing, Wall  Street says: No, you are not going to do the right thing. Wall Street  is saying: We want all the money. Don't give any of this money to  workers--workers making $10 or $12 or $15 an hour. Think about that.  Wall Street and Merrill Lynch didn't say they paid their workers too  little, they paid their workers too much. That is why the labor  movement matters.   Pope Francis spoke about how unions perform ``an essential role for  the common good.'' He said that the labor movement ``gives voice to  those who have none . . . unmasks the powerful who trample on the  rights of the most vulnerable workers, defends the cause of the  foreigner, the least, the discarded.''   I just had the pleasure, for the last few minutes in my office, to  speak with Bishop Murry of Youngstown, OH, and we were talking about  the Pope and about steelworkers in Youngstown and about the struggles  of workers and wages and layoffs and all the things that have happened  to--where the winds of globalization have buffeted the workers in that  community. Bishop Murry, as does Pope Francis, understands what too  many in this town don't; that workers feel invisible, entire  communities feel invisible. They feel like they are getting used and  abused and some other words I can't say on the Senate floor.   What, exactly, is the point of creating economic growth if workers  don't share in it, if ordinary families still can't get ahead?   Everybody here loves to talk about tax reform and bring the corporate  rate down, but nobody is talking about paying workers more or giving  workers more job security or what we should be doing--in working with  companies and creating good jobs.   My legislation, the Patriot Corporation Act, says if corporations do  the right thing--if they pay their workers well, if they pay benefits,  if they do the kinds of things American corporations should do--then  they get a lower tax rate because they have earned it.   We seem to have forgotten that all work has dignity. We have  forgotten, as the Pope said, that ``the person thrives in work. Labour  is the most common form of cooperation that humanity has generated in  its history.'' Think about that. ``Labour is the most common form of  cooperation that humanity has generated in its history.''   What Washington and Wall Street don't seem to understand is that  workers drive our economy, not corporations. You focus on the middle  class, you grow the economy from the middle out, not cut taxes on the  richest people and expect the money to trickle down into more money in  workers' pockets and more people are hired. You grow the economy by  treating workers well, by investing in workers. That is why we need  unions to ensure that we spread economic growth to the people creating  it, to the people working too many hours for too little pay.   I think about workers like Stephanie in Columbus. She has worked for  25 years as a childcare attendant for students with special needs. She  wrote, saying: ``Every day I wake up before the sun rises to prepare  for three daily shifts aiding students with special needs on their way  to and from school.''   That is the person whom--because she belongs to a union, that is the  person whom corporate America, that the rightwing of the Republican  Party wants to attack? That is the kind of person--Stephanie in  Columbus--they want to attack?   She worries that cases like this that undermine her union ``could  severely limit our voice on the job and hurt our ability to best serve  the children we care so much about.'' She said: ``Unions provide a  pathway to the middle class for all people.''   Think about a janitor I met in Cincinnati. I was speaking at a  dinner. There was a table down front with seven middle-age women--a  pretty diverse group. There was one empty seat at the table. It was  told to me by some others that this group of women were janitors,  custodians in downtown Cincinnati, southwest Ohio, and these women had  signed their first union contract with downtown Cincinnati business  owners. So there were 1,200 janitors working in these downtown  businesses--in these big buildings downtown--and they had signed their  first union contract.   I asked if I could sit at their table, and they said yes. I said to  the woman next to me: What is it like to have a union?   She said: I am 51 years old, and this is the first time I will have a  1-week paid vacation in my life.   Think about that. We don't think--I am guessing that most of my  colleagues think: Well, you know, people have paid vacations and people  have paid sick leave. Well, much of the country doesn't, No. 1; and No.  2, those who do often have that because they had a strong union--a  union that negotiated sick leave pay for them, a union that negotiated  vacation days for them, a union that negotiated family leave for them,  and then, when those workers at a company get it, the other  nonunionized workers and companies get it, and then those companies  compete with other companies.   So the fact is--there is a bumper sticker that says: ``If you enjoy  your weekend, thank a labor union.''   Labor unions brought to this country things like weekends and more  leisure time and decent pay and all that. That is why unions matter.  That is why this decision in the Supreme Court matters.   If the Supreme Court rules against AFSCME, it will starve the union  for resources they use to organize and grow and advocate for more  workers. At the risk of being disrespectful, it would be nice if those  nine members of the Supreme Court would follow the admonishment of Pope  Francis, the words of Pope Francis, who admonished his parish priests  to go out and smell like the flock. Find out where people live and  work. Find out what people do.   Find out the living conditions of people.   Abraham Lincoln in the White House one day was talking to his staff.  His staff said: You have to stay here in the White House. You have to  win the war. You have to free the slaves. You have to preserve the  Union.   Lincoln said: No, I have to go out and get my public opinion baths.   It could be important if the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court--who  has an Ivy league education, went to the best colleges and the best law  schools, grew up in a wealthy family, has done very well as a  professional, and is a very smart man--if he would go out and smell  like the flock, if he would go out and get his public opinion bath,  maybe he would hear some stories, as I have heard in my time in the  Senate.   He would hear stories from people who talk about how important it is  that Stephanie has union protection. He probably has never really  thought much about the fact that janitors, who have worked 30 years as  janitors--35 years for some of those women--but never had a paid day  off, never had a paid vacation. He might learn something from them and  think a little differently about this.   If the Supreme Court rules against AFSCME, it is the opposite of what  we need. We should be making it easier, not harder, for workers to come  together and negotiate. That is why, this week, I am introducing  legislation to strengthen the National Labor Relations Act, to make it  harder for employers to deny workers the freedom to collectively  bargain by playing games with their job titles and classifications.  [[Page S6959]]  Instead of stacking the deck even further in favor of corporate CEOs,  we need to make it easier for workers to organize. That is how we make  hard work pay off.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   