 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at  the desk.    Mr. Chair, a little more than 2  years ago, an Environmental Protection Agency team was investigating a  contamination at the Gold King Mine that caused a spill of 3 million  gallons of wastewater, impacting New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, Arizona,  the Southern Ute Reservation, and the Navajo Nation.   I was in Farmington, New Mexico, in the Four Corners area when the  toxic plume turned the Animas River yellow. I met with the community  and heard their concerns about the toll that the spill was taking on  businesses, farmers, families, and individuals. I attended different  community meetings, not only in southern Colorado, but in that  northwestern part of New Mexico.   Despite repeated promises by the EPA that it would fully address this  [[Page H7149]]  environmental disaster, progress has too often been needlessly slow.  For example, in January of this year, the EPA and the Department of  Justice announced a deeply disappointing decision that the EPA was not  liable under the Federal Tort Claims Act for damages caused by the Gold  King Mine spill.   And while I appreciate Administrator Pruitt's recent announcement  that the EPA was reconsidering this misguided position, I believe that  the EPA and the Congress should act to ensure that every impacted  individual and community--especially New Mexicans and the Navajo  Nation--receive the compensation they deserve.   The State of New Mexico and the Navajo Nation should not have to sue  the Federal Government to ensure that the government meets its moral  obligation to the farmers, small business owners, and others injured by  this spill.   This amendment, however, is about the long-term impact the spill will  have on the river and all that that it sustains, from drinking water to  providing water for farming and livestock. Robust long-term water  quality monitoring is essential to ensuring that communities along the  Animas River have the data they need to protect the health of all of  those who rely on this water, and the State of New Mexico has developed  a robust and independent monitoring plan that deserves the EPA's  support.   That is why I am again offering an amendment to provide $6 million to  direct the EPA to work with the affected States and Indian Tribes to  support long-term monitoring programs for water quality on the Animas  and San Juan Rivers in response to the Gold King Mine spill.   The same amendment was accepted by the House last year on a  bipartisan basis. I thank both the chairman and the ranking member for  their work on this issue, and because monitoring now and well into the  future is necessary to protect the health of all those who rely on this  water, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman very  much for his comments and look forward to working with him on this  issue.   We arrived at $6 million for water monitoring after consulting with  the State of New Mexico, and, in fact, it is my understanding that New  Mexico has about $15 million in priority needs related to the Gold King  Mine spill, including $6 million specifically for monitoring.   And so we checked with the State before we came down this evening to  debate this amendment, and what the State of New Mexico shared with me,  they report that they have only received $577,193 in Federal funding to  support monitoring, which is less than 10 percent of what my home State  believes is needed.   In addition, the Navajo Nation and other impacted communities still  need support from the Federal Government to help recover from this  disaster. So, again, I look forward to working with both the chairman  and with the ranking member to ensure that all of the communities  impacted by this spill are made whole, and that we provide appropriate  support to vital water and monitoring efforts in New Mexico, Colorado,  Arizona, Utah, the Southern Ute Tribe, and the Navajo Nation.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   