 Mr. Speaker, at its heart, this rule is about one thing.  It is about taking power away from local officials, including local BLM  officials, and moving that power to Washington, D.C., to faceless  bureaucrats who sit in cubicles here in this city and make decisions  that have enormous impacts upon families and upon individuals. In many  cases, these bureaucrats have never been to the States, and may never  be.   There is a county in my district that is 97 percent controlled by the  Federal Government. I have two counties that are 90 percent controlled  by the Federal Government. So many of the decisions that are made that  impact these counties and these families are made in Washington rather  than at the local level. That is what we are here today to talk about:  this egregious consolidation and power by D.C. bureaucrats.   The Bureau of Land Management's final rule is exactly that--a  snapshot of everything that is wrong with the previous administration.  The rule is so flawed that a couple of administrative  [[Page H1038]]  fixes simply won't fix it. It has to be repealed.   The previous rule was on the book for decades. This rule was  introduced and finalized in less than a year. Thousands of comments  were intended to fix flawed reasoning in the rule. State and county  commissioners' comments were largely ignored. Let's remember, those  State and county commissioners represent the people. They understand  the needs of the people.   Once again, 2.0 moves all of that decisionmaking out of the local  office and back here to Washington, D.C. These D.C. bureaucrats don't  have the on-the-ground knowledge of the situation; they don't know the  land, they don't know the needs of the county, and they don't know the  people.   That is not the only instance of diluting local voices. Planning 2.0  also undercuts the involvement of counties and other local government  agencies by inviting distant voices to the planning table who would  steer resource management plans away from multiple use early on in the  planning process. This is a 180-degree turn from previous planning  regulations.   Not only did 2.0 dilute local control, it also dilutes real local  impacts. Let me explain what that means. When you look at local impacts  instead of looking at the actual communities around where these  decisions are being made, they can look out very broadly.   In my case, you look at a national park in Utah. They can look at the  impacts of that and say, well, this has had a positive benefit, but  that is because they may be looking at a community that is 100 miles  away. They may be looking at St. George.   Why not look at Las Vegas? Why not look at Los Angeles and say, Oh,  those communities are doing fine; the local economic impacts have been  positive?   It is not a fair reflection of what is happening to the local  communities. Once again, the local people, the local families.   While many lauded the BLM for giving this planning process an  update--and I am glad that it did; it was necessary--they fell short of  delivering a final rule that helps people. That is why I join in this  effort to repeal it.   