 Mr. President, I rise to speak on the nomination of  Steven Bradbury, but first I want to speak on a much lighter subject,  the reason that I wore this orange tie. The University of Miami  football team has a perfect record. This is hearkening back to the  glory days, and I will tell you why I do this.   My neighbor and one of my best friends, Cortez Kennedy, who was  originally from Arkansas, was the defensive player of the year for the  national companionship team in 1989 at the University of Miami. Then,  he spent 10  [[Page S7179]]  years with the Seattle Seahawks, and he was an NFL Pro Football Hall of  Famer.   I am doing this for my friend, Cortez Kennedy, whom we lost 6 months  ago to a heart attack, much too early, at the age of 48. What a Miami  fan he was, and how proud he would be now of his cherished University  of Miami football team and the perfect record they have thus far.   Mr. President, now I speak to Steven Bradbury. We have seen real  trouble signs lately in the transportation safety area. Last year was  the most deadly year on the highways in nearly a decade. Over 37,000  people were killed in highway accidents in 2016, an increase of 5.6  percent over the previous year. Many of those fatalities were  preventable and were caused by people not wearing seatbelts or driving  under the influence of alcohol or drugs or distracted drivers.   We need leaders in the Department of Transportation who are willing  to speak up and take action to reduce these highway deaths. We also  need leaders who embrace a safety culture and ensure that defects in  automobiles are quickly addressed.   Let me talk about something that is one of the most egregious defects  that we have heard about--the Takata airbag fiasco. It has caused 16  deaths and 180 injuries worldwide.   This came to my attention several years ago through the Orlando  Police Department in what was thought to be a fender bender in the  middle of a traffic intersection. By the time they got to the driver of  the car, they thought it was a homicide: Her throat had been slit, and  she had bled to death. But, indeed, a Takata airbag had exploded--a  defective airbag--and all the metal surrounding the housing of the  airbag. The defective material exploded with such force, it was as if a  grenade exploded right in the face of the driver.   There have been 16 deaths and 180 injuries worldwide. It was a fender  bender for the lady in the middle of the intersection, but the airbag  exploded and sent metal shards into her neck and cut her jugular.   A big, strapping, very muscular firefighter had a Takata airbag  explode in his face, and he doesn't have a left eye anymore. He can't  be a firefighter anymore.   These are just two that happened in my hometown of Orlando.   Many of the deaths we have seen in the Takata airbags are due to pure  neglect, but it is also true that Takata covered up critical defect  information. Information has come to light that engineers at Takata  kept it from becoming public--these defective Takata airbags--when, in  fact, they knew they were defective. On top of that, the regulator--the  National Highway Traffic Safety Administration--did not react quickly  enough.   This brings us to the fact that we need people in the Department of  Transportation who will take a strong stand for safety, and that brings  me to the nomination of Steven Bradbury, who is up for general counsel.  Indeed, he has had a lengthy legal career, but far too much of his  legal career involved working against the interests of safety.   For almost 2 years, Mr. Bradbury represented Takata in its response  to our Senate Commerce Committee and in the NHTSA investigations.  Naturally, when he came in front of our committee, I asked him if he  would recuse himself from all matters involving Takata if confirmed to  this position because he had represented Takata as their lawyer for 2  years. But listen to what he said. He said that while he will recuse  himself from Takata airbag matters, he has not agreed to recuse himself  from all Takata matters, such as their pending bankruptcy. Wait a  minute. Are you going to recuse yourself from the client you used to  represent or not? He in essence said he is not.   In Mr. Bradbury's legal career, he has also represented several  airlines in antitrust and consumer proceedings--and I emphasize  consumer proceedings. It is hard for me to see how he will put that  past representation aside and work for airline consumer protections.  For example, if you check a bag and it gets to you late, you at least  ought to get your bag fee refunded. In the Commerce Committee, we were  able to get that into last year's FAA reauthorization bill, but it is  another potential conflict.   Drivers and consumers need champions at the Department of  Transportation. Unfortunately, I believe Mr. Bradbury has not  demonstrated the ability to put consumers first; therefore, I will  oppose his nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   