 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2464, legislation  that I introduced back in May of this year to officially designate the  United States Postal Service facility located at 25 New Chardon Street  Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post  Office.   This bill reflects the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform's  commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the birth of President John  F. Kennedy this year, otherwise known as the JFK Centennial.   I would like to thank our former chairman, Jason Chaffetz of Utah;  our current chairman, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Gowdy);  the ranking member, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cummings); the  chairman of our Subcommittee on Government Operations, the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Meadows); our ranking member, the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Connolly); and all of the Subcommittee on Government  Operations for their efforts to move this legislation forward.   I would also like to thank the entire Massachusetts House delegation  for their effort in sponsoring this measure.   H.R. 2464 honors the life and enduring legacy of our Nation's 35th  President, John F. Kennedy, and his impassioned commitment to public  service, equality, peace and diplomacy, and ensuring a better quality  of life for every American. Our special remembrance of President  Kennedy this year also affords us a distinct opportunity to reflect on  and appreciate his vision and wisdom in the context of the many  challenges we are facing as a nation today both at home and abroad.   As we grapple with difficult issues ranging from healthcare to  economic reform, let us recall President Kennedy's understanding that:  ``For one true measure of a nation is its success in fulfilling the  promise of a better life for each of its members.''   And in contemplating issues pertaining to equality and civil rights,  we would be wise to remember President Kennedy's advancement of the  principle that the rights of every person are diminished when the  rights of one person are threatened.   As we continue to address matters of contention with adversarial  nations, we must bear in mind President Kennedy's admonition and  foresight that ``civility is not a sign of weakness, and sincerity is  always subject to proof.''   In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to also thank my colleague and  friend, Congressman Joseph Kennedy from the Fourth District of  Massachusetts, for his work on this legislation as well.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support H.R. 2464.   