 I thank Mr. Bilirakis for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, as a combat veteran, I am deeply concerned that the men  and women of our Armed Forces continue to struggle to find jobs upon  their return to civilian life. These individuals have not only  displayed great courage in serving their country, but have acquired  certain skills that make them ideal candidates for employment.    I am not going to go over many of the things that were said about how  the program is an incentive, as I think that has already been covered.  I just want to underscore the fact that this is a problem. It is not a  new problem. You can have the statistics, but one has to ask oneself:  Why do we have a lower percentage of veterans who are getting the jobs?  [[Page H1111]]    As was already mentioned, I am a product of the Vietnam war; and the  veterans who were getting out there, a lot of people were afraid to  hire them. They didn't know whether they would be recalled back into  the service, and they didn't know whether they had post-traumatic  stress disorder. They were not going to take a chance on them, and that  was sad. That was many, many years ago, but the stats don't lie.   I am very, very supportive. I get passionate about these programs  because the bottom line is we have to make sure that we take care of  the troops, and this is a bill that, with the cooperation of private  industry, has those incentives built in there. I am optimistic. We had  bipartisan support the last time. We went all the way up there and were  waiting the last time for the Senate--holding our breath. Everybody  knows you don't always get what you want. I am not going to give up and  neither will the people who have been supporting this bill because we  are all very, very passionate about veterans.   I thank Chairman Roe. I thank Ranking Member Walz for his great  support and military service. I thank Representative Tulsi Gabbard for,  once again, being the original cosponsor of this important legislation  and for always being there for the veterans and the military. I also  thank Congressman Bilirakis for his great support.   Once again, this passed out of the House last November and had  unanimous support. I urge my colleagues to once again vote in favor of  this bill.   