 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his  leadership of the Republican Study Committee. It is one of the great  honors that I have in this Congress to serve with him and others to  advocate for conservative principles to move our country forward.   With a new Republican administration, many of the innovative ideas  coming from this House now have a chance to become law and achieve real  results for the American people. The contrast between this  administration and the last one is most clear when it comes to  prioritizing readiness for our Department of Defense and caring for our  veterans.   As those veterans in Congress know firsthand, shortchanging readiness  on the front end will have long-term implications in the years that  follow.   We have the moral imperative to ensure that our young men and women  who go into harm's way are never in a fair fight. We have an obligation  to ensure that our forces are the best-trained, best-equipped, and  best-led fighting force in the world. This obligation starts with  prioritizing a stable and predictable budget and appropriations  process.   Our leaders in the Department of Defense must be able to forecast and  anticipate training needs, and that means ending the trend of  continuing resolutions that offer neither good fiscal discipline nor  the ability to plan that our military leaders desperately need.   Consider that two-thirds of our Army are not ready to deploy. Our  Navy is smaller than it has been in 99 years, and our Air Force is the  smallest ever and losing pilots at an alarming rate. These are not the  marks of a ready force, and the work to rebuild must begin right now.   However, it is important to look at prioritizing the needs of our  servicemembers holistically. Just as we would not send them into harm's  way without the training they need, we have an obligation to care for  the injuries they sustained when they return home. Our veterans deserve  and have earned the highest quality of care and to have that care  delivered in a timely and efficient manner.   Unfortunately, too often the VA does not have the power to remove  substandard employees who are failing our veterans. The overwhelming  majority of VA employees are hardworking and dedicated to their jobs,  and it is simply not fair to these employees that the VA cannot hold  substandard employees accountable.   But with a Republican President in the White House, our veterans will  finally see real accountability in the VA with passage of the  Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower  Protection Act. With passage of this bill, there will be a new and  expedited process to remove employees who are failing to properly serve  our veterans, while maintaining the due process rights of VA workers,  as well as their right to appeal.   It would also implement stronger protections for whistleblowers,  ensuring that no employee is intimidated into silence.   Mr. Speaker, we now have a chance to make sure our Armed Forces have  the means to protect our country and ensure all veterans receive the  quality of care they deserve.   