 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  what I saw happen over the Fourth of July in Wyoming while visiting  with people, visiting with patients, doctors, and nurses. What I am  seeing is that the pain of ObamaCare continues to worsen. The  healthcare crisis we are seeing across this country continues to grow.  The crisis is rising, the choices are disappearing, and the American  people are desperate for Congress to step in and do something to help  rescue them from the rising costs and collapsing choices of the Obama  healthcare law.   It is interesting. When the Democrats passed ObamaCare, the  Democratic leader at the time, Harry Reid, said that we would all get  an ``earful of wonderment and happiness.'' Those were his words about  how great the law was. Well, every weekend at home in Wyoming and I am  sure in the Presiding Officer's State of North Carolina, we get an  earful, too, and it is not about wonderment and happiness over  ObamaCare. What I hear from patients, doctors, and nurses at home is  that ObamaCare is hurting them, hurting our communities, hurting our  State. I hear about the rise in premiums. I hear about the declining  number of options, the collapse of ObamaCare. We have one choice in  Wyoming. We used to have two. Both lost money in spite of very high  premiums. What we saw is that one ended up going out of business, and  the one we have in business--the only one we have--is still losing  money.   We are fortunate because we have at least one provider providing  coverage. There are now 40 counties across America where no one will be  selling ObamaCare insurance next year--no one, not a single company  will be selling ObamaCare insurance.   In Nevada, where prior Senator Harry Reid is from, only three  counties are going to have anyone selling on the ObamaCare exchange-- only three of the counties in the entire State, the State that Harry  Reid represented in the Senate for many years. People living everywhere  else in his home State will have I think one choice, maybe more, but in  terms of these counties, no one is selling ObamaCare insurance at all.  The State health insurance exchange put out a statement in his home  State that said that the people living in the rest of the State face  what they described as a healthcare crisis.   Democrats predicted wonderment and happiness about ObamaCare, but  there is a healthcare crisis all across the country. People in that  State are going to have no access to the insurance plans the Democrats  promised them under ObamaCare. A lot of Americans are not much better  off or in better shape right now.   There was a headline in the Independence Day edition of USA TODAY  that said ``1,370-plus counties have only one ACA insurer.'' The  article was about a study that was done by the Robert Wood Johnson  Foundation. They found that people living in 1,300 counties have no  choice when it comes to the ObamaCare plan; there is just one company  offering the mandated coverage. Washington says you have to buy it; not  many people want to sell it. Washington doesn't seem to care.   Democrats don't seem to care about the fact that what they promised  was a marketplace and what we have ended up with is a monopoly.  Remember when Democrats promised there would be more competition?  Essentially there is none. When there is none, we end up with less  competition and generally with higher prices, which is what people  across the country are seeing. Prices have essentially doubled in  ObamaCare marketplaces over the last 4 years. That is why a lot of  people are finding out that while they may still have access to  coverage, it is so expensive, they can't afford to buy it--because they  are down to one choice.   Health insurance companies keep releasing information about how much  higher they expect rates to go next year, which continues to be a  problem. I have seen the headlines. ``Another ObamaCare Rate Shock.''   Look at what is happening in Tennessee. Earlier this year, Aetna and  Humana both said they were dropping out of ObamaCare exchanges  completely. Cigna is one of the last big companies that are still  willing to sell these plans. Well, they say they are going to have to  raise premiums by 42 percent next year.   Look at what is happening in Georgia, just across the border from  Tennessee. Blue Cross Blue Shield is asking for an average rate hike of  41 percent in Georgia. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution had an article  about it just last week. They said Blue Cross might charge as much as  75 percent more for one plan next year. That is ObamaCare.   Remember President Obama saying that if you like your plan, you can  keep your plan? Those plans are gone.   Remember President Obama saying that rates would drop by $2,500 a  year for people? That is not what we saw. What we are seeing is what is  continuing today.   The Atlanta Journal-Constitution is saying that Blue Cross Blue  Shield may charge as much as 75 percent more next year. They quoted one  man as saying: ``That's a breath taker.'' Another woman quoted in the  article responded to these price increases by saying simply ``Yikes!''  That is what people are facing all across the country.   I remember President Obama, leaving office, forcefully defending it  and being proud. There is very little to be proud of here.   People all across America are having the exact same reaction as they  see how much their own insurance companies are raising their rates all  across the country. That is not the wonderment and happiness the  Democrats said we would be hearing about when this was passed. The high  prices are a big  [[Page S3937]]  reason so many people are dropping their insurance coverage. They can't  afford it. The people most likely to drop out, we find out, are, of  course, the young people.   Gallup came out with the results of a recent survey on Monday, just 2  days ago, with big headlines all across the country. What they found is  that 2 million fewer Americans, under ObamaCare, have insurance today  than they did at the end of last year, just 6 months ago. There have  been 2 million fewer over the last 6 months.    So, in just 6 months, 2 million people have gone off insurance. Most  of them are young, and according to the survey by Gallup, they  basically say they dropped it because it was just too expensive. They  do not feel that they are getting value for their money. These 2  million people are not talking about the wonderment and happiness of  ObamaCare. They are just leaving it behind.   Democrats said people would love ObamaCare. They said ObamaCare would  bring down prices. It has not. They said it would increase competition,  but they did not get that one right either. None of this is happening.  Now the Democrats are starting to say that having Washington-mandated  health insurance is not enough. They say we need health insurance to be  run entirely by Washington. Apparently, they did not learn the lesson  that said that the Washington-mandated insurance--having to buy a  Washington product--would be good enough. Now they are recognizing that  it is not good enough. They are saying that we need Washington in  charge of all of it.   They call it single-payer healthcare, but let's talk about what it  is. It is government-controlled healthcare--government-mandated,  government-controlled, government-run, one-size-fits-all healthcare. It  is a single payer, with the American taxpayers paying the bill.   We see what happened in California when its legislature passed a  similar thing in the State senate. They asked: What is the cost? $400  billion. What is the budget of the entire State of California? $190  billion. So what they proposed in the State senate has passed in the  State of California and costs twice what the entire budget is in the  State of California. To give what the people of California have been  promised by the State senate, they are going to have to raise taxes on  people, and then you will get the rationing of care and the lines and  the waiting time. It is what happens around the world with government- mandated, government-run insurance. We see that in Canada, and we see  that in England.   I was practicing medicine prior to coming here to the Senate. I was  an orthopedic surgeon in Wyoming. I knew we needed to do healthcare  reform, but ObamaCare was the very wrong reform. Democrats were wrong  then, and all of the talk about government-run healthcare is wrong  today--wrong today for the people of this country.   Look, we understand that we need a better solution than ObamaCare.  That is what I hear about every weekend in Wyoming. We need to put  patients in charge, not the government. With the Democrats and the  speeches they are giving and the bills that have been cosponsored in  the House by a majority of the Democrats, they want to put the  government solely in charge of healthcare in this country.   We need to have people at home making their own decisions, making  their own choices, and not have Washington, DC, imposing its one-size- fits-all approach. We need to give people options, not mandates. People  deserve choices. That is what the American people want. That is what  Democrats promised years ago, but they never delivered. That is what  Republicans are committed to giving the American people today--doing it  now so that patients can get the healthcare they need from doctors whom  they choose and at lower costs so that patients can make the decisions,  not Washington. That is where we are today as we continue to debate and  discuss healthcare in this country at this time.   Just coming back from Wyoming, I visited with many folks--many former  patients, a number of doctors whom I had worked with over the years,  and nurses. I was at several hospitals. I just heard, unilaterally,  across the State of Wyoming that ObamaCare continues to be a burden on  the people of the State. They want freedom. They want choice. They want  flexibility. They want to make decisions for themselves, not have  Washington dictate to them and, certainly, not have government  controlling healthcare in this country.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.   