 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for  yielding, but, more importantly, I thank Congresswoman Diane Black for  more than four decades as a nurse, for caring for the sick, for her  passion for the unborn, and for her work on this legislation.   Now, Mr. Speaker, Americans are a practical people. We know that we  can have fair health care that helps those who need it without trapping  everyone in a government-run system dreamed up by Washington's central  planners.   Now, contrary to our freedom, ObamaCare forced the American people to  purchase insurance. Contrary to our well-being, ObamaCare imposed taxes  we cannot bear. Contrary to what is responsible and right, ObamaCare  made Medicaid unsustainable for the people most in need. And contrary  to common sense, ObamaCare regulations continued to drive up the cost  of insurance beyond what people can afford.   You want to know how ObamaCare is working? Just read this week's  papers. Now, let me take you all the way back to yesterday. This is the  headline: ``Medica, the last insurer selling individual health policies  in most of Iowa, likely to exit.''   Now, 94 of the 99 counties will have no insurer in Iowa. Ninety-four  of the 94 counties in Iowa will have no insurer.   Here is another headline from yesterday: ``Aetna will exit ObamaCare  markets in Virginia in 2018.''   Humana left the ObamaCare exchanges. Blue Cross left Nebraska. United  Healthcare left all but a handful of markets this year.   Mr. Speaker, we have roughly 3,000 counties in all of America. One- third, 1,022, only have one provider. Soon, more counties will have  none.   So do you know what doesn't cover preexisting conditions? A  healthcare system that doesn't have coverage. No options means no  coverage. That is the road ObamaCare is leading us down, and doing  nothing leaves too many Americans out in the cold.   Now, Mr. Speaker, we will not stand for that. We tried the ObamaCare  way. It is failing remarkably, and the American people are demanding a  change.   Now we have a chance to do something great. We could have care  without control, stability without centralization, and support without  mandates. We have a chance to listen to the American people and repeal  and replace ObamaCare.   The American Health Care Act will repeal the individual and employer  mandates. It will repeal ObamaCare taxes. It will repeal ObamaCare  rules. It will repeal ObamaCare subsidies. And it will do what is right  by stopping taxpayer funding for abortion providers and by refocusing  Medicaid on those who most need it. We replace all of that with a  system that protects those with preexisting conditions.   Mr. Speaker, I heard a lot about this bill, and this bill is not  2,000 pages. It is less than 130. But, Mr. Speaker, I have heard things  on this floor that are not true.   So let me state it one more time. We will replace all that with a  system that protects those with preexisting conditions and then reduces  premiums through the tried-and-true process of fair competition.   As the price of insurance decreases, we give those who still can't  quite afford it a step up through tax credits and expanded health  savings accounts. This is fundamental and structural reform.   Now, Mr. Speaker, since I have had the honor to stand on this floor  and serve in this House, this body has done many good things. We have  stood time and again for what was best for our country, struggling  against other branches for so long. Many times that required us to dig  in our heels and stop something terrible. It is good to stop bad things  from happening, but it is great to make good things happen. Finally,  after years of waiting, we have the chance to do something good today.   This bill is not perfect. No bill could be. The question is not: Why  can't it be made perfect? The question is: Do we retreat or do we act?  Do we take this great leap to repeal and replace ObamaCare, extend a  hand to our fellow citizens most in need and break free from Washington  control, or do we continue to wait for a day that is already here in  the hope of a better day that may never come?   We were not sent here to wait. We are called to action. This is our  opportunity. Mr. Speaker, I do not want to read another day of  headlines of more people going without insurance, without insurance  without preexisting conditions, without coverage.   Today we will do something good. That is why today we will act.   