 Mr. President, yesterday, leaders from both parties  had an opportunity to meet with President Trump and Vice President  Pence at the White House. We appreciate their time and look forward to  more conversations with them in the days to come, including later  today.   The President has invited the Democratic leader, the chairman and  ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, and me to the White House  this afternoon to meet with him regarding the Supreme Court vacancy as  part of his ongoing consultations with Members of the Senate. I  appreciate the President soliciting our advice on this important  matter.   Later this week, Republicans in both the Senate and House will have  another opportunity to engage with the President as we gather for our  issues conference in Philadelphia. I know we are all eager to continue  the dialogue about moving our legislative agenda, including priorities  like bringing relief from the consequences of ObamaCare, confirming the  President's nominees, enacting tax reform, easing the regulatory burden  on our economy, and other key issues.   We are also looking forward to hearing from another special guest,  British Prime Minister Theresa May. Her visit will provide Members the  chance to hear from the leader of one of our closest allies and  partners. We appreciate her willingness to join us, and we welcome the  opportunity to discuss the ways in which we can continue to strengthen  our Nations' close relationship and pursue shared interests in the  years ahead.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to  legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 2, Rex Tillerson to be Secretary of State.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call  with respect to the cloture motion be waived.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 26, submitted earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President  of the Senate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority  leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees,  boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by  law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate,  and that they be printed in the Record.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on  Friday, January 27, for a pro forma session only, with no business  being conducted; further, that when the Senate adjourns on Friday,  January 27, it next convene on Monday, January 30, at 3 p.m.; further,  that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed  expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time  for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day;  further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of  morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein  for up to 10 minutes each; further, that at 5 p.m. on Monday, January  30, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume consideration of  Calendar No. 2, Rex W. Tillerson to be Secretary of State, and that  there be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form;  finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture  vote on the Tillerson nomination occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators Schatz and  Sullivan.   