 Madam Speaker, as my friends across the aisle prepare  their statistics about my congressional district where 500 people  rallied against the tax plan this last weekend, I want to invite them  to come to my district and to debate me and several other members of  our caucus. I am happy to come to the gentleman's district and debate  it, too, because the American people should be able to be part of this  decision.   When the majority voted to throw 30 million Americans off of their  health insurance plans, they went over to the White House where they  celebrated like it was Mardi Gras, the Super Bowl, and Herbert Hoover's  birthday all put together. When millions of middle class Americans  rebelled and defeated that monstrosity of a bill, Donald Trump pointed  at them and said that they had all voted for a mean bill; and he was  right.   Now like lambs to the slaughter, they are about to vote for another  mean bill, a tax scam written by corporate lobbyists in the dark of  night  [[Page H9358]]  now moving through Congress at the speed of light.   While our poor colleagues grimly walk the plank for the billionaires,  Wall Street tycoons, and the Trump Cabinet, who are getting ready to  laugh all the way to the bank when middle class Americans rebel again  this week, next week, and the week after that, and this tax scam bites  the dust, President Trump can turn around again and call this  monstrosity not only mean, but greedy.   This mean and greedy tax scam puts $1.5 trillion on America's credit  card so the sons and daughters of the middle class can pay the rest of  their lives for a gigantic corporate tax cut in a period of record  corporate profits.   One-third of the windfall raining down on corporate investors will go  abroad because more than one-third of corporate wealth is owned by  foreign investors. That is more than $500 billion that goes not even to  our own rich people but to Saudi Arabia, China, and other foreign  investor havens, and it will not go to Medicare or Medicaid or other  public purposes at home.   Then they move to the so-called territorial tax system so that  corporate profits moved abroad will escape our normal system, giving  incentive to record job flight. Somebody tell Donald Trump about this  because this tax scam puts foreign jobs first.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    In the meantime, Madam Speaker, 34 million middle class  Americans get hit with a tax increase. Good-bye to the healthcare  deduction. Good-bye to the college loan interest deduction. Farewell to  a meaningful State and local tax deduction--oh, and farewell to the  estate tax which applies only to billionaires and the richest  millionaires in the country, 2 out of 1,000 families. Where is the  democracy? Where is the legislative process?    When we had a bipartisan bill in 1986, we took more than 2 years. It  passed with overwhelming support. Now this tax scam has had no  hearings, no experts, and no citizen testimony. What a scandal it is.  We do need tax reform, but we don't need a corporate tax scam imposed  against the middle class.   