 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I  thank the Speaker for the recognition and Mr. Lamborn for bringing  forward this bill.   H.R. 618 is legislation I am proud to cosponsor because it is a  commonsense land exchange in my home State of Colorado. It authorizes  the Forest Service to exchange the Emerald Valley Ranch for the larger  ecologically sensitive Crags parcel. The world-famous Broadmoor Hotel-- that I visited many times and attended many education conferences at-- currently has a 25-year special use permit to operate the guest ranch  on the Emerald Valley parcel. This parcel has lost its National Forest  character, and conveying it out of Pike National Forest will simplify  management at that site and replace it with a parcel that is more  appropriate.   In exchange, the Forest Service will receive the 320-acre Crags  parcel and a permanent trail easement for the historic Barr Trail. The  Crags property connects with several Forest Service trails in the Pikes  Peak Ranger District and has been identified by the Forest Service as a  priority for acquisition. I am glad that, under this bill, we can  accomplish that priority.   The exchange eliminates a large private inholding in the National  Forest and removes the need for Federal land management of the Emerald  Valley Ranch. It is a win-win scenario. Essentially, this legislation  simplifies land management around Pikes Peak, while protecting public  lands and growing our economy.   The Forest Service testified in support of H.R. 618. I support its  adoption, as do stakeholders across the spectrum.   It has been a pleasure to work with my colleagues, Mr. Lamborn and  Mr. Tipton, on this bill, and I appreciate their hard work and  constructive work for this legislation.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I, as well, am prepared to close and I just want to highlight my  agreement with the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Lamborn). When people  work together, these are the kind of commonsense results we get.  Unfortunately, on these bills, I don't think we will be making the  front page of The Washington Post or The New York Times or the FOX News  Talk hour, but that is so much of the workhorse-type work that we need  to do in this body.   What we have done with Mr. Tipton, Mr. Lamborn, and myself is we have  been able to put together the commonsense priorities around public land  management. The district I have the honor of representing is 65 percent  public land. So these are everyday issues that my constituents deal  with living in and around public land.   It is very exciting to be passing H.R. 618 and allowing getting rid  of the private inholding, putting some appropriate land in the  management of the Forest Service and, of course, doing something that  will also benefit one of our iconic conference centers and hotels in  Colorado Springs that I have  [[Page H982]]  had the opportunity to be a guest and a conferee at so many times.   I deeply appreciate the work of Mr. Tipton and Mr. Lamborn. I urge a  ``yes'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Living in and around public land, as Mr. Tipton, Mr. Lamborn, and I  do, we often have these kinds of bills to address the interactions  between our communities and our Federal lands in Colorado.   H.R. 698 is another bill that addresses public lands. I am proud to  join Mr. Tipton as a cosponsor of this bill. It will convey 148 acres  of land to the Gordman-Leverich Partnership, a company in Colorado,  which will remedy a land dispute between a private landowner and the  Forest Service.   Way back in 1947, just a few years after my dear mother--who is  watching us on C-SPAN as we speak--and my father were born, an  administrative error occurred that shifted the boundary between the  Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest. This survey placed  148 acres of private land inside the forest boundary without providing  consideration to the landholders. Since then, the title of the ranch  has changed several times, but the administrative error has never been  corrected.   We all know how we hold private property rights dear in this country,  and this bill will correct the error, acknowledge the correct boundary  of the Elkhorn Ranch, providing the current owner with a clear and free  title rather than the encumbrance that the disputed nature of the land  previously provided.   It will help avoid costly litigation to both sides, provides clarity  for landowners and the Forest Service. It recognizes today's reality on  the ground and it will help local officials in the Forest Service as  well.   I thank my colleague, Mr. Tipton, for his good work on this  legislation, working with stakeholders. I want to point out that the  Forest Service testified in support of this bill. I join my colleagues  in urging its adoption.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight, as Mr. Tipton said, a number  of the bills that we are going through, including this one, have passed  the House before, and yet the Senate failed to send them to the  President's desk. These are real issues that our constituents face.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the Senate to simply take up these  noncontroversial bills, pass them, and allow President Trump to sign  them so we can resolve these real-life issues that affect our  constituents. While it feels good to pass a bill as a legislator--and  Mr. Tipton deserves credit, and I look forward to being able to argue  for the passage of a bill that I am a lead sponsor on shortly; and, of  course, we recently passed, by voice vote, Mr. Lamborn's bill--these  issues will remain pending until the Senate acts.   I urge my colleagues in the Senate to bring forward these bills so we  can address these pressing concerns that our constituents have and deal  with them in an appropriate multistakeholder manner, where Democrats  and Republicans can join in support of addressing the real-life issues  that those of us who represent areas in and around public land have.   I urge a ``yes'' vote.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have introduced the Arapaho National  Forest Boundary Adjustment Act, also known as the Wedge Act.   Frankly, Mr. Speaker, I wish all of my bills could come to the floor  so quickly, within a week of introducing them. But I am very glad, on  behalf of Grand County, which I am honored to represent, that we could  move so expeditiously, at least through the House, through this body.   Once again, I will call upon the Senate, upon passage, to move on  this bill. Again, this is another bill the House did its work on, we  did pass last session, and the Senate failed to pass into law.  [[Page H984]]    It is very important for Grand County. It is a commonsense protection  of public lands. It was coordinated with local landowners and local  officials, supported by the county commissioners and Federal land  agencies.   The legislation involves a parcel of 10 lots in Grand County, which  we and locals call the ``wedge.'' As indicated by its name, the parcel  is wedged between Arapaho National Forest and Rocky Mountain National  Park, effectively separating the two. Although the wedge is integral  for the successful management of the public land, it remains outside of  the National Forest Service boundary.   Millions of visitors already enjoy the parcel's beauty as they travel  west from the 13,000-foot apex of the Rocky Mountains, along the Trail  Ridge scenic byway and into the destination town of Grand Lake, in my  district. The area is undeveloped. Seven of the ten parcels are already  being managed by the U.S. Forest Service. The owners of the remaining  parcels are all in favor of this bill. It is very important to point  out that all of the stakeholders are supportive of this effort in  statute.   Development of the wedge parcel would significantly affect the health  of Rocky Mountain National Park and hurt the adjoining Colorado River  headwaters. Not only would the development harm clean water for  millions, but it could also harm the economic potential for what is  truly a jewel of the National Park System, Rocky Mountain National  Park, supporting millions of visitors in the surrounding communities.   In recognition of these potential threats to the quality and  character, as well as the economy and jobs in the area, there has been  significant support locally for this bill. Supporters include everyone  from local officials, like the Grand County Commissioners and the town  of Grand Lake, to conservation and outdoor recreation groups, including  Headwaters Trails Alliance, Conservation Colorado, and the Rocky  Mountain Nature Conservancy.   H.R. 688 simply responds to the wishes of my constituency--including  the landholders in these areas, particularly those living in and around  the wedge, as well as the visitors every year--by incorporating it into  the Arapaho National Forest boundary and adding the lots owned by the  Forest Service into the adjacent Bowen Gulch Protection Area, just as  we did when the House passed this exact bill last year.   This strong, bipartisan bill has the express support of my Colorado  colleagues in both chambers, including the cosponsorship of Mr. Tipton  and Mr. Lamborn, and introduction by Senator Bennet and Senator Gardner  in the Senate.   It was passed out of the Natural Resources Committee unanimously last  Congress and passed here on the House floor. Unfortunately, the clock  ran out before the Senate was able to consider it. I am looking forward  to, after expeditiously moving it out of this body, allowing the Senate  to do their work and pass this bill into law.   I am extremely grateful for the House Natural Resources Committee's  support of this bill. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of its  passage.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this bill.   Furthermore, I call upon the United States Senate to bring up these  series of bills that are very important to those of us like Mr. Tipton,  Mr. Lamborn, and me, who represent areas with substantial public land  where our constituents in the private sector, our residents, interact  every day with issues around public land and land management. These  issues will improve the quality of life in our communities. This bill  will help improve the quality of the tourism experience, as well as the  conservation goals of Rocky Mountain National Park.   I urge a ``yes'' vote.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I introduced H.R. 689, the Bolts Ditch Access and Use  Act, at the request of our local community in my district, Minturn,  Colorado. In Eagle County, Minturn really needs this legislation  because it improves  [[Page H985]]  public land and water management in my district.   The bill has bipartisan support. I thank Mr. Tipton and Mr. Lamborn  for collaborating with me on this bill here in the House. I am thankful  that Senator Gardner and Senator Bennet have partnered to pass this  bill as well.   This legislation passed the House last session, but once again was  held up in the Senate. I call upon the Senate, after House passage, to  act expeditiously to put this matter to rest. I am very hopeful we can  get it across the finish line soon.   I am grateful to the town of Minturn, to the conservation community,  and to water utilities for working together for a commonsense solution  that I am proud to support. This is an example of how we can truly  solve any problem when everybody comes together and works together to  solve it.   The need for this bill is to solve a vital local problem for the  people of Minturn, Colorado, a town of about 1,000 people in Eagle  County. The problem it fixes results from a mistake, an error, in the  1980 Wilderness Act, which inadvertently left Bolts Ditch off of the  list of existing water facilities, where it should have been included.   This legislation would simply authorize the special use of the Bolts  Ditch headgate and the segment of the Bolts Ditch within the Holy Cross  Wilderness area, allowing Minturn to use rights that it already has,  existing water rights, to fill Bolts Lake.   The residents of Minturn, including the mayor, whom I have met with,  who brought this bill to me, as well as Coloradans across the central  mountains, have long relied on water infrastructure like Bolts Ditch to  access clean and affordable drinking water for our growing communities.  This bill will ensure that the town of Minturn is able to utilize a  crucial resource, and do so without compromising the sanctity of the  surrounding wilderness areas.   I thank the Republican and Democratic staffs on the committee for  working with us on this bill.   It is very important for the people of Minturn and for our central  mountain region in Colorado to pass this bill into law. I urge its  passage.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that this body is moving  forward on the Bolts Ditch land boundary adjustment bill. I am hopeful  that, after passage, the Senate will bring this bill up and pass it on  until it becomes law to remove any encumbrances that Minturn has in  accessing its preexisting water rights due to a clerical error from the  1980s. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This bill provides the Veterans Administration with 200 acres of  Federal land, which are currently managed by the Bureau of Land  Management, in order to expand the Black Hills National Cemetery.   National cemeteries are reserved for the brave men and women who make  the ultimate personal sacrifice while serving in the military in  defense of our freedom, and it is important that we have the sufficient  space to meet all of those interment requests. These heroes have served  our country and deserve to permanently rest in a cemetery that honors  their sacrifice and commitment to the ideals that hold us together as a  nation.   With respect to the Black Hills National Cemetery specifically, the  BLM and the VA determined that only Congress can provide the permanent  jurisdiction transfer that is needed for this particular expansion;  thus, we are considering this bill and, after passage, are encouraging  our friends in the Senate to do the same.   Of course, this bill represents a small fraction of the ways we can  support our veterans and need to support our veterans to demonstrate  our appreciation for those who have served. We need to improve access  to education and job training. We need to increase funding and raise  the bar on accountability for the Department of Veterans Affairs. We  should work to shorten wait times at VA hospitals by allowing nurses to  practice to the full extent of their licensure to ensure quality care  in a quicker way at a reasonable cost, and there are many other things  we need to do to make sure that those who proudly put their lives on  the line--or in this case, who have paid the ultimate price to protect  our freedom--and their families and loved ones are cared for by this  country in recognition of their sacrifice.   I do believe this simple change in land ownership will have an impact  by providing the men and women who have bravely served a final resting  place. Expanding the Black Hills National Cemetery is a noble and  worthy cause that deserves our support.   I thank my colleague from South Dakota for bringing this issue  forward and for her hard work in guiding this bill through Congress. I  urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill  that supports our veterans.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill  that supports our veterans.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This bill expands the Fort Frederica National Monument to include a  20-acre property, known as the North Marsh, currently owned by the St.  Simons Land Trust. The National Park Service evaluated the property in  a 2014 study and determined that its acquisition would provide  additional opportunities to protect and interpret resources that are  associated with the site.   Fort Frederica, which is located on St. Simons Island, Georgia, was  built by James Oglethorpe in 1736 to protect the Colony of Georgia from  Spanish Florida. The National Park Service has managed the fort since  1936 when President Franklin D. Roosevelt used the Antiquities Act to  designate the site as a national monument. This bill is an important  reminder of how a decision to protect and elevate our shared national  heritage resonates generation after generation.   Here we are today, 80 years after President Roosevelt made the  decision to establish a national monument, and we are looking at a  terrific opportunity to expand it and increase the resources it  protects. By using money from the Land and Water Conservation Fund--a  Federal program that wasn't yet around in President FDR's time and of  which I fought hard to reauthorize in this body--we can continue this  important legacy. It is good to highlight the work of the Land and  Water Conservation Fund as we pass this bill with regard to a national  monument that has been with us for 80 years.  [[Page H988]]    I thank the majority for advancing this bill, and I look forward to  working with them to advance similar legislation.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for advancing this  bill. I look forward to working with them to advance similar  legislation that expands, protects, and enhances our public lands. It  is particularly a privilege for me to work on a bill that uses  resources and that highlights for the American people the value of the  Land and Water Conservation Fund.   I urge a ``yes'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, the passage of the Email Privacy Act is long  overdue. The fact that the law that governs the government access to  emails dates from 1986, before email was really a mass phenomena, is a  glaring loophole in our privacy protection laws.   1986 was a time when we used floppy disks to store our information,  when, if any internet existed at all, it was just a few people at  research universities communicating with another. It was far from a  mass phenomena.   Today, this bill catches up with the reasonable expectation that  consumers already have that their emails are private. Just as Americans  view their phone conversations as private, their physical letters  through the mail private, Americans view their emails the same way.  Yet, until we close this loophole, the government maintains access,  without a warrant, to emails that are older than 6 months in a way that  they do not allow access to your old personal letters filed away in a  filing cabinet in your office. They don't allow access to old voice  mails, and emails are, frankly, no different.   The Email Privacy Act requires that Americans have the same legal  protection for our emails as we do for paper letters, faxes, and other  types of communication that may remain sitting around. Updating this  law simply aligns the law to the digital and physical world. It has  taken too long already. Today is a major step forward.   I would like to highlight the House has already passed this bill  unanimously last session. How rare it is not just Democrats and  Republicans coming together, not just Chairman Goodlatte and Ranking  Member Conyers, but every single Democrat and Republican coming  together, Mr. Speaker. That is rare, and yet this body has spoken  overwhelmingly last session and I hope will speak overwhelmingly again  today to encourage the Senate to promptly bring up this bill and pass  it into law.   This bill is a strong victory for bipartisanship. This bill has been  one of the most popular bills in the entire Congress. I am proud to  say, as the lead Democrat, this bill had 314 cosponsors last Congress  and passed unanimously.   Back when Congress passed the Electronic Communications Privacy Act  in 1986, it is fair to say that electronic communications meant  something different than it means today. Thirty years ago, modern email  simply didn't exist. And today, with 24/7 accessibility, accessibility  on our smart devices, in our homes, everywhere else, it has been  estimated that there were 205 billion emails sent each day by  Americans. Those emails contain private communications for millions of  us, and they deserve the same right of privacy as the letters in your  file cabinet or your desk.   You often hear Members talk about commonsense bills. Well, this bill  really defines common sense. When you read our bill, there is nothing  more common sense than the Email Privacy Act, which is why the bill  passed 419-0 last Congress. Unfortunately, the bill didn't make it to a  Senate Judiciary Committee vote, which is why I am so thrilled that  Chairman Goodlatte and Mr. Conyers have succeeded in having Mr.  McCarthy and Speaker Ryan bring this bill forward so early this  session, giving the Senate a chance to act.   I want to thank my colleague, Mr. Yoder, for his hard work as the  lead sponsor on this bill. I remember he and I, in gathering floor  sponsors, would have these friendly contests of who could get more,  Democrats or Republicans. That is how popular this bill was in terms of  gaining 314 cosponsors, more than any other bill in the House of  Representatives at that time.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill. Send a strong  message to the Senate to vote immediately on the Email Privacy Act.  Tell the Senate it is time to stand up for the privacy of Americans.  This bill must be passed. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   