 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President.   Once again, let me extend my gratitude to all of the staff who are  pulling yet another overnight. I know this isn't easy, and I feel like  every time we have done one of these I have been on the floor during  the late night or very early morning hours to express my gratitude to  those who are making this possible.   While I am grateful for those who are here, I think it is also  incredibly important and vital that we are here. This is exceptional to  have so many late nights, to have pushed through the evenings, to stay  in session 24 hours and 48 hours at a time. I understand that last week  we engaged in the longest session--second longest continuous session in  the history of the Chamber, and I think we are doing so because we are  living through truly exceptional times today.   We are living through a moment where this administration is simply  not prepared to govern, and many of the individuals who are being  appointed to Cabinet positions, being selected to serve in this  administration simply aren't ready to get the job done.   We saw that with respect to Michael Flynn, who was named to quite  possibly the most important position in the national security Cabinet.  The National Security Advisor is, on most days, the first person and  the last person the President talks to about national security, about  protecting the Nation. Many of us raised alarm bells when Mr. Flynn was  selected for the job because of his radical statements on Islam, his  questionable connections to Russia, having sat next to Vladimir Putin  in a celebration of Russian propaganda didn't seem right to us,  something didn't smell right to many of us. We expressed those  objections when Mr. Flynn was chosen. Our objections did not prevail,  and within 30 days Mr. Flynn was fired from his position. It is still  unclear as to why he was fired. The President was out in front of the  cameras, bizarrely defending Mr. Flynn to the cameras having just fired  him 30 days into the job, but it seems that it was some combination of  undermining a sitting President by attempting to coordinate with the  Russian Ambassador right after President Obama had levied sanctions on  Russia, potentially making some promises to the Russians that they  didn't have to worry about it because once the Trump administration got  into office, they would modify or lift those sanctions or perhaps it  was lying to the Vice President and others in the White House about  what the substance of those conversations were.   Regardless, within 30 days, maybe the most important person in the  security Cabinet, who many of us thought  [[Page S1351]]  was unqualified, was fired from his position in the shortest tenure  that anybody could discover for National Security Advisors.   More news in the last 48 hours is that there were a host of other  White House officials who were unceremoniously ushered out of the White  House because they couldn't pass their criminal background checks. Why  on earth they were in the White House working in positions if they  hadn't already taken criminal background checks, that is a very  important question we should get answers to, but yet another example of  selection of people to serve in sensitive posts who weren't ready for  the job.   Betsy DeVos wasn't ready for her confirmation hearing. She came to  the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee and didn't know  the basic facts about Federal education law. She couldn't tell the  difference between measuring proficiency and measuring growth, and  maybe for most people you don't know the difference either, but if you  are going to be the Secretary of Education, you have to know the  difference between measuring for proficiency and measuring for growth.  She was confused about the Federal law that guarantees children with  disabilities an equal education. She told Senator Kaine and Senator  Hassan it would be OK for States to ignore that law or ignore that  protection. That actually is not the case. Every State has to observe  the individuals with disabilities law as it pertains to students.   Just this week, we had a nominee withdraw after a drip, drip, drip of  allegations regarding his personal conduct and his business practices  made it pretty clear that somebody whose restaurants are half the time  in violation of Federal labor laws, somebody who has employed  undocumented workers probably isn't suitable to be the chief protector  of workers in this country as the Secretary of the Department of Labor.  It just doesn't seem that a lot of thought has been put into some of  these selections.   So we are taking our time. We are using our prerogative as Members of  the minority party to make sure there is a full, complete debate on all  these nominees to make sure, at the very least, the American public  knows what they are getting.   Our worry is not just that these nominees are often woefully  unprepared for the job, it is that many of them appear to be fatally  compromised. I listened to a lot of what President Trump said on the  campaign trail, and I heard him spending a lot of time attacking the  way business had historically been done in Washington, DC. Maybe some  of us privately cheered him on when we heard him say that because we  have watched corporate America own this town for a long time.   I watched the drug industry essentially have veto power over health  policy in this town. I have watched the oil and gas industry run the  show. From a personal basis, nothing aggrieves me more than seeing the  gun industry get whatever they want from this Congress. If you have a  couple hundred million dollars of market capitalization and a good  lobbyist and a political action committee you can get a lot done in  Washington.   So maybe when I tried to think of that silver lining to the election  of Donald Trump to the Presidency of the United States, something that  was deeply morally objectionable to me, it was that maybe there is a  possibility to take on some of these special interests, to say enough  is enough, the size of your wallet shouldn't have anything to do with  the amount of influence you command here, but then those hopes were  dashed as we watched who President Trump decided to nominate for the  Cabinet.   Over and over again, billionaires, sometimes millionaires, but more  often than not billionaires were selected for this Cabinet, many of  whom had ties to the very special interests or were members of the very  special interests that Donald Trump told people he was going to take on  when he became President of the United States.   So we had one of the biggest fast food operators being installed in  the Department of Labor--somebody who attacked workers and said that  break time was a nuisance, that robots should replace his employees, we  had an oil executive nominated to serve as our chief diplomat, and now  we have an individual who has very publicly and unapologetically done  the bidding of big energy companies being enlisted to be the chief  environmental protector in this country.   So we are here tonight because the nomination and selection of Scott  Pruitt to be the next Administrator of the EPA fits neatly into a  pattern of behavior by this administration in which very, very rich  people or people who have very close ties to powerful interests are  being put in the government, and our worry is that they are being put  there not to serve the American people but to serve those interests.   Scott Pruitt has a very interesting history of defending the oil and  gas industry, which I admit is important to his State of Oklahoma--more  important than it is in my State of Connecticut--but he has a very  interesting history of defending that industry against the EPA. Scott  Pruitt has sued the EPA to overturn standards to curb mercury and other  toxic air pollutants, standards that would prevent 11,000 premature  deaths and up to 130,000 asthma attacks per year.   He sued to void standards to reduce soot and smog pollution,  projecting to prevent up to 15,000 nonfatal heart attacks, to prevent  34,000 premature deaths, and almost 400,000 asthma attacks every year.   He sued unsuccessfully to overturn the EPA's scientific danger  determination that carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping air  pollutants are harmful, and he even sued to block water pollution into  the Chesapeake Bay which has no connection to Oklahoma.   Scott Pruitt has been a crusader. He has been a crusader on behalf of  the energy industry against environmental protection, and he would  probably tell you there is a choice to be made between protecting our  environment and protecting our economy. That is ridiculous. That is  patently ridiculous.   If we don't protect our planet, if we don't protect the quality of  our air and the quality of our water, there will be no planet for  businesses to grow in, and every kid who suffers through a lifetime of  asthma is a fundamentally less productive worker to be able to add  value to the American economy. When you are attacking health standards  that would reduce asthma attacks by over 500,000 a year, you are  attacking the economy, not just the environment.   It is really hard for a kid to learn and become an entrepreneur or a  business creator if they are not healthy. Frankly, it is really hard  for a family to be able to manage their own economic affairs when they  have kids who are that unhealthy. So Scott Pruitt, in continuing to  attack the EPA, continuing to stand up for the oil and gas industry, is  weakening our economy.   Maybe even more importantly, when you are standing up for only one  segment of the energy industry, you are ignoring all the potential jobs  that come through a true energy transformation. I get it that today  there are a lot of oil jobs in Oklahoma, but there could also be a lot  of wind and solar and advanced battery and fuel cell jobs in his State  as well. Frankly, as you look at the jobs that will be created over the  next 50 to 100 years, not just in this country but across the globe,  the real job growth in the energy sector is not just going to be in the  oil and gas sector, it is going to be in this broader renewable energy  sector.   I don't know if these statistics are up to date, but a few years ago,  I read that, of the top 10 solar companies in the world, the United  States has one of them; of the top 10 wind turbine companies in the  world, the United States has one; and of the top 10 advanced battery  companies in the world, the United States has two. There are going to  be millions and millions of jobs to be had all across the world in the  renewable energy economy.   So long as our energy policy is only about protecting oil and gas and  coal and not about truly advancing renewable energy, we are hurting our  economy; we are preventing massive job creation from happening; and we  are letting other countries eat our lunch because 9 out of those 10 top  wind turbine companies and top solar companies and 8 out of those top  10 advanced battery companies are in other countries--other countries  that have decided to have policies that create internal markets for  those new renewable technologies, unlike here in the United States.  [[Page S1352]]    Germany is pumping out wind turbines and is selling them all over the  globe, not because Germany has any more wind than the United States but  because they have decided to pursue a policy in which they give  advantage to those renewable energy companies. The United States has  decided to pursue policies, by and large, through giving advantage to  fossil fuel companies.   In making his name as a crusader against the EPA, not only is Scott  Pruitt endangering the health of our kids, but he is endangering the  health of our economy as well. It is not guesswork when it comes to the  connection of Scott Pruitt to the industry. If he had really studied  the facts and if he had sat down and sort of weighed the benefits of  the industry's claims against the benefits of the claims of 99 percent  of the scientists in this country, it would be worth a listen.   But, as attorney general of Oklahoma, he sent a letter to the EPA,  skewering its efforts to limit methane leaks from oil and gas  companies. He didn't write the letter. Nobody on his staff wrote the  letter. Oklahoma's Devon Energy Corporation wrote the letter. Pruitt's  office changed a few words and sent it on to the EPA on the attorney  general's stationery. That is how close the relationship is between  Scott Pruitt and these energy companies. He just takes what they  write--what they say--and forwards it on under his own signature. If  you were to do that in a classroom, that would be plagiarism, and you  would get kicked out of school; but if you were to do that as the  attorney general of Oklahoma, you would get nominated to be the  Administrator of the EPA.   It might get a lot worse. You might find out that it is a lot worse  on Tuesday of next week because, for some reason, Scott Pruitt has been  hiding email correspondence between his office and these energy  companies. He has put up roadblock after roadblock to try to stop  freedom of information requests to get these emails, this  correspondence.   Finally, yesterday, a judge ruled that you cannot stop that  information from coming out--they are public documents--and on Tuesday  of next week, they are going to be made public. I don't know what they  were going to say, but as I suspect with Donald Trump's tax returns,  when you are expending great effort to hide something from the American  public, there is probably a reason you are hiding those things. There  is something incredibly damaging, embarrassing, or illegal in those tax  returns, and there is, probably, something very damaging, embarrassing,  or illegal in those emails.   So we are rushing through a nomination of Scott Pruitt tomorrow,  which will not allow us to see this email correspondence that is going  to come out next week. That is a shame because it, likely, will show us  how close that connection has been between the next Administrator of  the EPA and the energy companies that he has been regulating and will  be charged to regulate.   I get really concerned about Scott Pruitt when I think about the kids  in my State. I will tell you about one very specific way in which I  think about it, and then I will talk a little bit more broadly.   We have talked a lot about lead, mostly in the context of this  tragedy that has played out in Flint, MI, but, in Connecticut, the  tragedy of lead poisoning plays out every single day. Why? Because we  have really old housing stock; we have old infrastructure; we have lead  that is in paint; we have lead that is in pipes; we have lead that is  in fixtures that exist in old homes.   While our State has been just plugging along, trying to do better to  remediate these old homes and clean up lead and test kids earlier, lead  poisoning has been a reality for us in Connecticut for a very, very  long time. Boy, there are a lot of awful things that can happen to you  as a kid in this country, but lead poisoning is at the top of the list.  Watching a family go through the horror of serious lead poisoning is  nothing that you want to witness because, once lead gets into your  system--once it gets trapped inside your brain--it is impossible to  reverse.   In his confirmation hearing, Mr. Pruitt was asked whether there was  any safe level of lead in drinking water. If you are going to be the  Administrator of the EPA, you should probably know the answer to that  question. The answer is, no, there is no safe level of lead in drinking  water. Given all of the tumult and attention over what happened in  Flint, you would think that would be something he would be prepared  for. His response was: ``That's something I have not reviewed nor know  about.''   Lead is a neurotoxin that can have devastating, long-term effects on  the lives of children. The correct answer, of course, is that there is  no level of lead that is safe in drinking water.   I don't want to be too tough on him because I don't expect somebody  who hasn't spent his lifetime in the field to know every answer about  environmental standards, but this one was a pretty important one. For  those of us who do think he is, ultimately, going to do the bidding of  industry rather than the bidding of kids, not having an awareness about  something as simple as acceptable lead levels in water makes us wonder  whether he is really prepared to do his homework because on the other  side of the lead fight are special interests. This is one that has  special interests too. Whether it be the home builders or other folks  who might have to pay a little bit of money out of their pockets to fix  up old homes, there are people who are not always with us on this.   More broadly, I worry about my kids. My kids are not going to suffer  from lead poisoning, but if we don't get serious about the pace of  climate change now--in the next 5 to 10 years--the problem may not be  available to solve for my kids. It may be too late, once they become of  age, to try to do something about it as a public servant, as a  scientist, as an activist. Any scientist can explain the reason for  that.   The reason is that, for many greenhouse pollutants--carbon dioxide,  in particular--as they get released into the atmosphere, they stay, and  they continue to warm--heat up--as time goes on. There are some  pollutants that don't act that way. There are these things called fast- acting climate pollutants, like methane, frankly, that are released  into the atmosphere, that are powerful heaters for a short period of  time, but then they dissipate. Carbon dioxide is different. That one  sticks around forever and ever--a long, long time--and continues to  heat and continues to heat and continues to heat. So, if you don't  reverse the trajectory of the human contribution to climate change  soon, it may be too late.   As folks have read, just in the last 60 days, that phenomenon is  playing out in parts of the globe that are already at a pace that was  unimaginable just 5 years ago. In the Arctic, we are seeing just  unthinkable warming.   I don't make policy by anecdote, but about a year ago, I was in the  Arctic. I was on a submarine, doing an exploration under the ice--a  truly amazing thing to be a part of. I was on the USS Hartford, which  was a ship that was made in Connecticut, and the port is in  Connecticut. We were up there as part of an exercise called ICEX, which  was an exercise to try to understand what is happening in the Arctic so  as to try to understand what the implications are for humans of this  massive melting of arctic ice.   There were supposed to be two weekends of exercises in which there  was a camp on a very stable piece of ice. Experiments were happening at  the camp, and a submarine was helping to engage in those experiments.  We were part of the first weekend's exercise. Then, the next weekend,  another group of Congressmen was going up to witness that second  weekend's exercise. The second group of Congressmen did not make it.  They were literally on a van to the plane when they were told there was  an emergency evacuation of the camp because the ice was melting  underneath the camp. This was a spot that was picked because of how  stable they thought it was. In the short period of time in which the  camp had existed on the ice that March, it had started to break up and  melt underneath them, and they had to engage in an emergency  evacuation.   That is just one story. I understand we don't legislate or regulate  by anecdote, but when you piece it together with all of the other  evidence that tells you that every single year is the warmest on  record, that shows you this massive trend line of melting in the  Arctic. Even scientists who were of that 1 percent, who were sort of  judged or deemed to be climate skeptics, are now  [[Page S1353]]  saying: Whoa, there is clearly something nonnatural happening in the  Arctic, resulting in this massive melt that happens season after  season.   If that melt that is being mirrored in Antarctica continues at this  pace, it will be too late for my kids to do something about it. In my  State of Connecticut, a coastal State--a State in which the majority of  our economic assets are buffered right up against the water of the Long  Island Sound--we cannot survive in a world in which sea level rise  doubles compared to what it has been over the last 1,000 years.   We cannot survive in a world in which, by the end of this century,  the average temperatures will be 8 degrees higher than they are today.  When I came to Congress in 2007, the worst case estimates were that, by  the end of this century, the global temperature rise would be 6 to 8  degrees beyond what it is today. Those are now mainstream estimates. It  is not politicians, and it is not activists. Those are scientists-- mainstream scientists--who are making those estimates. Yet, we are  going to put somebody into the EPA who proudly has been a mouthpiece  for the idea that climate change is a hoax--a hoax.    There is this tiny group of scientists who say: Well, it is not  really clear whether human activity is leading to climate change. There  is a tiny group of scientists who say that. Ninety percent of  scientists agree that humans are contributing to climate change.   But Scott Pruitt goes further than that. Scott Pruitt has said that  climate change--he has said it over and over again--that climate change  is a hoax. What does that mean? Does that mean it is an intentional  campaign by people to try to fool people into believing that climate  change is happening? That is an extreme position. I don't even know how  you explain what the genesis of the hoax is. What benefit do people get  from trying to create this fiction? And of all the people out there who  could possibly be the EPA Administrator, President Trump chose someone  who calls climate change a hoax.   He had a confirmation conversion. He backtracked on that and said  something before the committee about not being completely sure about  the human contribution to climate change, but acknowledging that it  probably exists. It is not the first confirmation conversion we have  had. The Presiding Officer and I were at a very interesting hearing  yesterday in which the nominee to be Ambassador to Israel essentially  recanted everything he had ever said that was strong in tone about  people he disagreed with on the position of U.S.-Israel relations.   So Scott Pruitt has changed his rhetoric in order to get confirmed.  But he said that climate change is a hoax enough times to understand  that likely, in his gut, that is what he still believes. It was a  convenient position to have if you were an attorney general concerned  with doing the bidding of big energy companies and special interests,  which fed into their narrative as well.   These are exceptional times. I am sorry that we are back on the floor  overnight again. But we are deeply concerned that this special interest  Cabinet--this billionaire Cabinet--is not being put in place to do  right for the American people. It is being put in place to do right for  big corporations that don't need any more allies here in Washington.  For all the rhetoric about upsetting the way things are done in  Washington, President Trump is doubling down on special interest  influence by handing them the keys to the Secretary's offices and major  Departments, now including the Environmental Protection Agency.   That was not a President at that press conference yesterday. That was  hard to watch, I imagine for both Democrats and Republicans. It was not  a higher calling to public service for anybody in this country. Maybe  there was 20 percent of the President's base that the press conference  played to, but that was not an advertisement for America.   These are exceptional times, and they do command those of us who are  worried about the direction of this country to use all the power we  have to try to get the facts out there and on the record.   I was standing next to Senator Angus King at a press conference  shortly after we were sworn in, talking about this issue of climate  change and our responsibility as public servants to protect the quality  of our air and the quality of our water. We were recalling how this  wasn't as partisan an issue 40 years ago as it is today.   The EPA was established under a Republican President. The Clean Water  Act and the Clean Air Act had bipartisan support. There was a time in  which Republicans were for environmental protection, and now we are  nominating somebody to be the Administrator of the Environmental  Protection Agency who made his name fighting environmental protection,  who made his name suing the Agency that was established by a Republican  President, who has called the global climate change phenomenon,  supported by 99 percent of scientists, a hoax.   It is disturbing to many of us how deeply politicized this issue is  because it used to be relatively nonpartisan. It used to be that for  all of the things we disagreed on, we at least recognized that one of  our responsibilities as stewards of this sphere that we live on is to  make sure that it exists in the same shape that it is today for our  kids.   What Angus King said that day in that press conference, as always,  stayed with me. Senator King said that in Maine they have the  rototiller rule. If you borrow a rototiller or, frankly, any piece of  equipment from your neighbor, you have an obligation when you are done  with it to return that piece of equipment to your neighbor, or return  that rototiller to your neighbor, in at least as good a condition as  you found it. That makes sense. You borrowed the rototiller. If you  break it you probably should fix it before you hand it back or you just  use it in a way so that you are careful with it so that you don't break  it, so that when you give it back to your neighbor, it is in that same  condition. Senator King applied that standard to the standard that we  should hold ourselves to when it comes to protecting this planet.   My kids are going to inherit this planet. My grandkids, hopefully,  will inherent it from them. Our charge should be to hand this planet to  our kids in at least as good a shape as we found it. If we break it, if  we damage it, we should fix it before we hand it over.   We are breaking this planet right now. We are releasing so much  pollution into the atmosphere to have compromised its integrity for the  next generation. We have broken the rototiller, and the rototiller rule  tells you that before you give it back to your neighbor, you should fix  it. And we have it in our power to do it.   When we damaged the ozone layer through the release of CFCs, we got  together and fixed that problem. We engaged in a global conversation to  regulate CFCs through something called the Montreal protocol. We were  able to attack that problem, fix it at no significant cost to the  economy, and show that if we really do care about the quality of this  globe, there is nothing that is outside of our power. There is no  choice to be made between observing the rototiller rule--protecting our  planet--and growing our economy.   But if Scott Pruitt becomes the next Administrator of EPA and the oil  companies and the gas companies essentially get whatever they want,  well, their bottom lines probably will be improved, shareholders in  those companies will probably do a little bit better, but our kids'  health, our larger economy's future will be compromised.   So that is why we are here on the floor objecting to Mr. Pruitt's  nomination. That is why we have asked for this nomination to be delayed  until later next week so that we can see what is in these emails, where  we already have some pretty concerning evidence of this deep connection  between Mr. Pruitt and the companies he will regulate at EPA--a letter  that they wrote for him that he sent under his name. What if there is  more information like that in this correspondence?   What if there is more evidence that he, as attorney general, was just  a mouthpiece for industry rather than a mouthpiece for consumers? What  if that is predictive of his behavior at EPA? I think that would be  something that both Democrats and Republicans would be concerned with  because I think I know my colleagues, and while my colleagues have  certainly been more protective of industries' interests than Democrats  have been, we both agree that the industry shouldn't have  [[Page S1354]]  an unnatural advantage in these agencies above the public interest. I  am pretty sure we agree on that. And in just 4 short days, we will get  a better understanding as to whether that is definitively the case for  Scott Pruitt.   So I would urge my colleagues to either delay this vote that is  happening later today or to vote against the nomination.   I appreciate, again, everyone who has been part of facilitating  another very late night on the floor.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   