 Mr. President, I seek recognition to continue this  discussion on healthcare, and I ask unanimous consent to speak in  morning business.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I rise to talk about an issue that some of us have talked about, but  I think it is an issue that is barely breaking through now. There has  been a lot of discussion in the debate so far about various aspects of  the bill. We know the bill in its current form is about 142 pages, I  guess, and more than 60 of those pages deal with one topic--Medicaid.  So this is basically a Medicaid bill and a tax cut bill, and the two  are not just referred to on a regular basis in the text, but I would  argue they are actually in conflict with one another.   I was on the floor last night showing a chart that indicated that the  top 400 households in the country would get a tax cut of $33 billion.  Just imagine that. Four hundred families get $33 billion out of the  bill--the House bill, but it hasn't changed substantially at all when  it comes to tax cuts--and then on top of that, the Medicaid cuts in  just four States add up to the same number. So we have $33 billion in  cuts on Medicaid for 4 States and $33 billion in tax cuts for 400  families.   If you are within the sound of my voice and you are one of those 400  families, sorry, but I don't think you deserve a tax cut.   Here is another way of looking at it. This is the same basic  information, but now, instead of looking at four States, as we did last  night--those four States were Alaska, Arkansas, Nevada, and West  Virginia--where the total Medicaid cut was just below $33 billion, here  is just one State, the State I represent, Pennsylvania. The cuts over  time come up to $35 billion. The Senate bill might move that one way or  the other by a little bit, but basically that is what it is. But we  still have this number we just referred to--$33 billion in tax cuts for  the 400 highest income households in the country. Nothing about that is  fair. In fact, I think that is obscene. There are other words we could  use, but we shouldn't use those words on this floor. That is obscene.   In the same bill, they are ripping away Medicaid over time, and, as  we know from the CBO report we saw last night, the House bill has a  Medicaid cut of 14 million people losing their Medicaid coverage over  the course of a decade. In the Senate bill, the number goes up to 15  million. So 15 million of the 22 million who lose their healthcare  coverage are from Medicaid.   As my colleague from New Jersey just outlined, low-income folks,  folks with disabilities, and folks who need to get into a nursing  home--that is basically the Medicaid population. They are low-income  children and adults, adults and children with disabilities, and, of  course, seniors.   That is the basic inequity here. I don't think anyone around the  country, if they were looking at that comparison, would really say that  is fair. How could that be fair in a healthcare bill, that a small  group of Americans gets a tax cut?   By the way, it doesn't end there. It is not just the top 400  Americans, it is a lot of other people as well. So if you are in any  way wealthy, this bill is a bonanza for you. This is a once-in-a- lifetime injection of revenue that you are rarely, if ever, going to  see. But why should a single family get millions and millions of  dollars--under this scenario, potentially tens of millions for one  family--why should they get that kind of a break while others are  losing their healthcare by way of the Medicaid cuts or otherwise?   So if we are going to have a real process here that leads to a  bipartisan conclusion, we have to get serious about the issue of  healthcare. This is not a serious attempt to change our healthcare  system for the better. A third-grader could rip healthcare away from a  lot of people and give away the store to very wealthy people. That is  an exercise anyone could do. That is simple. But to fix problems in our  healthcare system, to make sure that if you are living in a rural area  and there is only one insurer, that we work to create some  competition--to fix that requires some work. To fix that requires  bipartisan support. It is not this exercise we have been going through  so far.   I hope folks on the other side can defend this and go home and say: I  voted for this bill--or the updated version of the bill in a couple of  days or weeks--and I am here to tell you that I not only voted for the  bill, but I am asserting that it is fair to give $33 billion to 400  households and tear $35 billion out of the Medicaid Program just for  Pennsylvania--just for Pennsylvania, one State, and it gets worse when  you add other States.   I know our time is short and others are waiting to speak, but we have  a long way to go to make sure we are focused on some of the real  challenges we have in our healthcare system, not just ripping coverage  away from vulnerable Americans in order to enrich people who need no  help, need no injection of a tax cut.  [[Page S3792]]    In fact, they don't even want the tax cut. I was at a townhall the  other day, and a doctor stood up and said--if the House version of the  healthcare bill went through, this one doctor in Pennsylvania would get  $20,000 in a tax cut. He said: I don't need that. I don't want it. We  want to fix the system. We want to make sure the people on Medicaid  still get coverage.   I yield the floor.   