 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 558, a bill  that  [[Page H717]]  will add valuable historic property to the Kennesaw Mountain National  Battlefield Park, located right in the heart of Georgia's 11th  Congressional District.   Our Nation has long recognized the importance of restoring historic  sites, especially those battlefields where Americans fought and died  for freedom. Places such as Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield  Park, where significant battles of America's Civil War took place,  allow us to look back in time to get a glimpse of the events that  shaped our Nation. It is extremely important that we understand our  history; otherwise, we will be destined to repeat the mistakes of our  past.   This bill, which passed the House unanimously last Congress, welcomes  our next generation to engage in the eye-opening stories of our past. A  recent study of American history education revealed that only 23  percent of college seniors could identify James Madison as the father  of our Constitution; however, 98 percent of college graduates knew that  Snoop Dogg was a rapper.   Mr. Speaker, it is now more important than ever to ensure that the  generations following us have access to these historic sites and the  educational opportunities they provide or we risk losing touch with our  history. My bill simply allows Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield  Park to acquire two pieces of property, through donation, that will add  to the historic and educational value of this historic battlefield.   One of the properties this bill will preserve is a home that was  built in 1853 by Mr. Josiah Wallis. Mr. Wallis built this home for his  family, but it was eventually used as a hospital by the Confederate  Army during the Civil War. In 1864, the Wallis House fell into the  hands of General William Sherman of the Union Army during his campaign  to take Atlanta.   The house served as Sherman's headquarters during the Battle of  Kolb's Farm, which was a resounding victory for the Union Army, but the  victory was not without cost. When the smoke cleared, over 350 Union  soldiers and over 1,000 Confederate soldiers lay dead.   Five days later, Union General Oliver Howard used the Wallis House as  his headquarters and communications center during the Battle of  Kennesaw Mountain, one of the bloodiest 1-day battles of the entire  war. This was also the last major battle before Atlanta fell to Union  forces.   While the assault by General Sherman was a tactical failure costing  the lives of over 3,000 of his men, the battle also inflicted heavy  losses on the Confederates. Having lost another 1,000 men, the  Confederate Army could not stop General Sherman on his march to  Atlanta.   Adjacent to the Wallis House is 8 acres of land known as Harriston  Hill. This property offers a sweeping view of the valley leading to the  Confederate line on top of Kennesaw Mountain and was used by the Union  as signaling positions during the battle. This location is essential  for park visitors to understand the strategic positions taken by the  Union and Confederate flag Armies during the battle.   In addition to being critical sites in Civil War history, the Wallis  House and Harriston Hill are two of the few original locations  remaining from the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain associated with the  Union Army. Most of the park's current attractions correspond with  Confederate history, and these additions will prove to be major  historical acquisitions that will enhance the value of the park and  provide insight into the Union's side of the story.   In 2002, the Cobb County Government purchased the Wallis House and  Harriston Hill to prevent the house from being demolished. Since then,  the county has been seeking to transfer the property to the park. My  bill simply modifies the boundary of Kennesaw Mountain National  Battlefield Park to include the house and the hill and authorizes the  park to acquire the property by donation.   Along with the Cobb County Government, this land transfer is  supported by the National Park Service, Kennesaw Mountain National  Battlefield Park, and several park volunteer organizations and  historical societies in my district.   This legislation is an essential step toward preserving our Nation's  heritage and a valuable part of Civil War history. The Wallis House and  Harriston Hill will provide tremendous educational and historical value  to Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, and it is my hope that  the park will quickly acquire this property and restore it to its  original condition for visitors to enjoy for generations to come.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   