 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for  yielding the time.   Mr. Speaker, over the last 8 years, our Nation has experienced  sluggish economic growth. Americans have suffered through stagnant  paychecks and a lack of new opportunities. Last year, the economy grew  at a meager 1.6 percent, which is half of the historic average.    However, there has been one job filled that has grown at a faster  rate than any other; and that job is those who specialize in regulatory  compliance. This is a testament to the crushing onslaught of new  regulations under the previous administration, where compliance with  regulation and red tape was emphasized more than growing businesses and  creating jobs.   We in Congress must do our part to foster economic growth and relieve  our job creators of the excessive burden of complying with unnecessary  regulation. The bill before us today will do exactly that.   Currently, businesses that offer more than $5 million in stock to  their own employees are required by law to comply with costly financial  disclosures. This number was set nearly 20 years ago. It is time to  update the law and raise this threshold to encourage small-business  startups and give them the resources they need to expand and create  jobs.   The Encouraging Employee Ownership Act would raise this threshold to  $10 million and give private businesses more flexibility to reward  their employees with ownership of a company. This bill passed the  Financial Services Committee last month with strong bipartisan support.   This is just one of the many steps that we must take to foster  innovation and encourage capital formation, to provide every American  with opportunities that they deserve. We must build an economy that is  open and accessible to every single American, not one that is closed  off to those who can't afford to comply with the high cost of  bureaucratic red tape and endless government paperwork.   As a former small-business owner for 20 years, I know the employees  benefit tremendously from any opportunity to participate in a company's  success. I support this bill because I know from personal experience  this model works and helps startup companies to retain their best  employees over the long term.   Americans are not satisfied with the stagnant economy that has become  the new norm in our Nation. It is unacceptable for government to stand  in the way of prosperity and make it harder for Americans to succeed.  Small businesses employ half of U.S. workers, and we must promote, not  hinder, small business growth.   This bill, Mr. Speaker, empowers Main Street, not Wall Street. I  encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill.   