 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her ardent  work on this important cause.   However stark Americans' differences of opinion can be on the matter  of abortion generally, there has been long, bipartisan agreement that  Federal taxpayer funds should not be used to destroy innocent life.   The Hyde amendment, named for its chief sponsor, former House  Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde, has prohibited the Federal  funding of abortions since 1976 when it passed the House and Senate  that was composed overwhelmingly of Democratic members. It has been  renewed each appropriations cycle with few changes for  [[Page H636]]  over 40 years, supported by Congresses controlled by both parties and  Presidents from both parties. It is probably the most bipartisan, pro- life proposal sustained over a longer period of time than any other. It  is time the Hyde amendment was codified in the U.S. Code.   H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance  Full Disclosure Act, sponsored by Representative Chris Smith of New  Jersey, would do just that. It would codify the two core principles of  the Hyde amendment throughout the operations of the Federal Government;  namely, a ban on Federal funding for abortions and a ban on the use of  Federal funds for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of  abortion.   As hundreds of thousands of people from across the country come to  Washington to express their love of unborn children at the annual March  for Life and as we now have a President who supports this legislation,  let's reflect on what could be accomplished if the bill we consider  today were signed into law.   During the time the Hyde amendment has been in place, the most  reliable estimates--and those of the Congressional Budget Office--are  that millions of innocent children and their mothers have been spared  the horrors of abortion. Millions of lives have been saved. And of  those millions of lives saved, many more have grown up to bear their  own children and to raise them in happy, loving families.   This bill is more than a proposed law. It is a celebration of the  lives of those millions of Americans--boys and girls, men and women of  all races--who give joy and feel love and create and contribute all  because of the policies this bill contains. And even more than that,  this bill is a welcome sign for millions and millions more Americans to  come.   I congratulate the President for already reinstating the Mexico City  policy, which prohibits the Federal funding of abortions overseas. And  I look forward to his signing this bill into law to codify the same  policy here in America.   