 Mr. President, I will be very brief, just to respond to my  good friend from Arizona who said that the Senate not taking up Pompeo  would be contradicting the will of the people. That is not the case at  all. This is about whether the Senate is going to be a rubberstamp and  whether the Senate is in effect going to abdicate its responsibility to  do oversight.   Let me just mention four points real quickly.   No. 1, this nomination has not been considered in the Intelligence  Committee. It could have been. It was not.  [[Page S351]]  No. 2, we have not been able to get answers to our questions. A major  question in particular, this body voted to sideline a law that  collected phone records on law-abiding Americans. Congressman Pompeo  has proposed something that makes the law we sidelined look like small  potatoes. He is talking about collecting lifestyle information on all  Americans. We are trying to get an answer about whether there are any  legal boundaries at all. We have not been able to get them. That is  argument No. 2.   Argument No. 3 is that we have never confirmed on inauguration day a  CIA Director. That is the history of this particular nomination. No. 4,  I want to talk about the realities of national security because I share  the view of the chairman of the committee that this is a dangerous  time. That is not up for debate. There are lots of people out there who  do not wish our country well. If we were to have a tragedy tonight or  tomorrow--heaven forbid that happens to our great country--if it did,  we would have the talented senior people at the CIA there to protect  our country, and I would submit, however you feel about Mr. Pompeo, the  reality is that if he got confirmed tonight or tomorrow, and heaven  forbid there was that tragedy, we would still be relying on those  trained, talented professionals at the CIA who have been there, in some  cases for decades, to protect our country when we are vulnerable.   That is what this is all about, ensuring that we actually have some  discussion here when there are outstanding questions. Senator Leahy,  Senator Blumenthal, and I have all said we just believe there ought to  be some debate. There hasn't been any in the Intelligence Committee.  There hasn't been any on the floor. I have gone through the history of  this nomination and explained what would happen if a tragedy were to  befall our great country. That is why I think we ought to have a debate  in broad daylight, not when Senators are trying to figure out if their  tux is going to fit and we can't get people into a real discussion.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Arizona.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, let me just say to my colleagues that I  have had the great honor in my life of knowing some outstanding  military leaders. I consider it one of the highlights of my life being  around one of these great leaders.   I want to share with my colleagues that I haven't seen a finer  leader, a more outstanding and respected leader, and a more beloved  leader than the man we are going to be voting on to be the Secretary of  Defense, James Mattis.   My friends, I am very confident that when we finish this vote, the  morale all over the U.S. military will go up because they will know  they have a leader and a leader they can not only respect but they  admire and in many cases have great affection for. So I urge my  colleagues to vote aye on the Mattis nomination.   Mr. President, today on the steps of this Capitol, our Nation  completed another peaceful transition of power and inaugurated a new  President. This is a sacred rite of our democracy, one that so many  have given their lives to make possible. And as free citizens, we  should count ourselves fortunate to have witnessed it.   As our new Commander In Chief assumes the awesome responsibilities of  his office and with threats to our national security growing in scope  and severity, it is imperative that the Senate act quickly to provide  advice and consent for the new cabinet, especially for the new  Secretary of Defense.   Have no doubt: our adversaries will test us in the coming days and  weeks. And when they do, I want our Commander In Chief to have Gen.  James Mattis at his side.   I have had the privilege of knowing General Mattis for many years. He  is, without a doubt, one of the finest military officers of his  generation and an extraordinary leader who inspires a rare and special  admiration of his troops. In fact, since his selection to be our next  Secretary of Defense, I have received countless messages of support  from those who had the honor of serving with him.   At his confirmation hearing before the Senate Armed Services  Committee, General Mattis demonstrated exceptional command of the  issues confronting the United States, the Department of Defense, and  our military servicemembers. He also showed that his understanding of  civil-military relations is deep and that his commitment to civilian  control of the Armed Forces is ironclad.   Over more than four decades of service, General Mattis's character,  judgment, and commitment to defending our Nation and our Constitution  have earned him the trust of Presidents, Members of Congress on both  sides of the aisle, and so many serving in our Armed Forces.   That is why the Senate Armed Services Committee approved General  Mattis's nomination this Wednesday with an overwhelming bipartisan vote  of 26 to 1. I hope the Senate will follow suit with a strong vote to  put General Mattis to work at the Pentagon. America will be fortunate  to have General Mattis at her service once again.    I object, Madam President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   Mr. McCONNELL. Madam President, it is pretty obvious the Senator from  Oregon is not interested in approving this CIA nomination today. I  would remind everyone the previous Director is gone. The Deputy, the  No. 2 person, is gone. I don't think it is a great idea for Senate  Democrats to be holding this vacant over the weekend.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Madam President, this would ensure that there would be a  debate about the CIA and its future Director in the light of day. I am  not going to object, and I withdraw my reservation.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   The question now occurs on the Kelly nomination.   Mr. McCAIN. Madam President, I ask for 1 minute on the nomination.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.   The Senator from Arizona is recognized.   Mr. McCAIN. Madam President, I know it is unnecessary, but I urge an  ``aye'' vote on General Kelly. He is experienced. He is talented. He  understands borders. He understands the challenges we face for our  national security throughout the world. I strongly urge an ``aye'' vote  for General Kelly.   