 Mr. President, will the Senator yield?    Mr. President, will the Senator yield?    Mr. President, I thank the Senator for yielding.   Mr. President, deciding whether to confirm a President's nominee for  the highest Court in the land is a responsibility I take very  seriously. Over the past few weeks, I have met with Judge Gorsuch,  listened to the Judiciary Committee's hearings, and reviewed his record  with an open mind. I have real concerns with his thinking on protecting  the right to vote and allowing unlimited money in political campaigns.  In addition, I am concerned that the judge will not protect the rights  of the everyday average citizen when they come up against large  corporate interests. Judge Gorsuch has consistently sided with  corporations over employees, as in the case of a freezing truck driver  who, contrary to common sense, Judge Gorsuch would have allowed to be  fired for abandoning his disabled rig during extreme weather  conditions.   I will vote no on the motion to invoke cloture and, if that succeeds,  I will vote no on his confirmation.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about one of the  most important responsibilities we have here in the U.S. Senate:  considering the President's nominee to the Supreme Court.   It is a vote with consequences that will far outlast this  Presidential administration. It is a vote with implications that will  outlast all of our time here in the Senate. It will certainly be one of  the most consequential decisions each one of us makes.   That is because any one of the nine individuals named to the Supreme  Court with a lifetime appointment can change the course of our Nation.  In just the past few years, we have seen that. We have witnessed a  series of 5-to-4 decisions that changed the trajectory of our society-- decisions that gutted section 4 of the Voting Rights Act and resulted  in numerous States enacting discriminatory laws designed to limit  access to the ballot box, especially for African-American and minority  voters.   The 5-to-4 Citizens United decision overturned the law of the land  and Supreme Court precedent in order to empower corporations to spend  unlimited sums of money in support of candidates for public office,  corroding the fabric of our democracy. There were decisions that limit  a woman's access to safe and affordable birth control and reaffirm the  legal fiction that for-profit corporations should have the same rights  as real people. There was a decision that upheld the Affordable Care  Act, and a decision that--with a single vote--gave every American the  right to marry the person they love.   The decision of a single Supreme Court Justice can indeed change the  trajectory of our judiciary and of our society for generations.   Now my Republican colleagues rightly note that this weighty decision  begins with the President. They have routinely said it is the  President's right to choose his judicial nominees, and that is true. I  have one question for them: Where were they last year when President  Obama nominated Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court of the United  States? They were AWOL.   Shortly after Justice Scalia passed away and before President Obama  even named his nominee, the Senate Republican leader announced that he  would leave the seat open--and he did--for an unprecedented 293 days.  For 293 days, one of the most qualified and mainstream nominees in our  history languished without even a hearing. Many Senators refused even  to meet with him. For 293 days, Democrats in this Chamber and people  from all over the country called upon this Senate to do its job and  consider the nomination of Judge Merrick Garland. The response?  Nothing--a total abdication of this Senate's constitutional  responsibility of advice and consent.   But, unfortunately, this Chamber's failure to live up to its  responsibility to consider the Garland nomination is just one piece of  a larger assault on the independence of our judiciary.   President Trump has made it clear that he sees our Nation's judges  not as a separate and coequal branch, but an unwelcome challenge to his  power. He has called the courts broken and political. When he faced  trial for scamming thousands of students at Trump University, he  charged that the Federal judge overseeing that case could not be  impartial. Why? Because, he said, he was Hispanic--a charge that was,  in the words of the Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, the ``textbook  definition'' of racism.   When the Trump administration first tried to impose its Muslim ban,  only to be blocked by a Federal court, did President Trump display  respect for the rule of law? No. He fired his acting Attorney General,  Sally Yates and accused her of having ``betrayed'' the Department of  Justice. He went on to say that if any future harm occurs, it is the  fault of the courts, and called them obstructionists for not bending to  his will. They are not supposed to bend to the will of the Executive.   President Trump's disdain for the courts makes it all the more  important that the open seat on the Supreme Court be filled by somebody  who is  [[Page S2336]]  seen as an impartial administrator of justice--someone who does not  have a set political ideology.   Unfortunately, Neil Gorsuch does not meet that important test.   His record and his testimony shows that he applies a very cramped  reading of the law and consistently--time and again--sides with  powerful corporate interests against the rights of workers, consumers,  and individuals. When he had an opportunity during the hearings to  explain that bias, he chose instead to evade the questions and answer  with platitudes, not substance. While he is undoubtedly a skilled  lawyer, his record reveals that he is outside of the judicial  mainstream. His decisions have closed the doors of justice to working  people, to people with disabilities, and to individuals seeking to  protect their rights.   In one opinion, Judge Gorsuch was the only judge who thought that  TransAm Trucking company was right when they fired a driver whose only  offense was finding safety when the heat in his truck broke down in  subzero temperatures, and he began to show signs of hypothermia. The  driver said he could not feel his lower body, his fingers were becoming  numb, and he experienced slurred speech while waiting for hours for  help from his company. Judge Gorsuch was the only judge who thought  that Federal regulations protected the trucking company and not the  truckdriver trying to avoid freezing to death. It makes me doubt that  Judge Gorsuch considers the real-world consequences of this ruling.   Judge Gorsuch also sided against working people and defended powerful  corporations. In his opinion in Hobby Lobby, he came down on the side  of corporate power against the rights of workers. He argued that not  only do corporations have rights to religious liberty, but those rights  can supersede--can trump--the rights of ordinary working Americans. He  was the architect of an opinion that severely limited a woman's access  to basic reproductive healthcare.   In yet another ruling, Judge Gorsuch prevented an autistic child from  getting a proper public school education. His opinion on the  Individuals with Disabilities Education Act severely limited the  options for parents of children with disabilities and the quality of  public school education they could receive. His reasoning in that case  was overturned by the Supreme Court literally as he was testifying in  the Senate Judiciary Committee.   Not merely was his decision overturned, it was overturned  unanimously--eight to nothing. According to the justices that Judge  Gorsuch hopes to serve with, his standard would have cut children with  disabilities out of high-quality education.   As the Supreme Court said in that case: ``For children with  disabilities, receiving instruction that aims so low would be  tantamount to sitting idly, awaiting the time when they were old enough  to drop out.''   That is what the Court said. Fortunately for children with  disabilities and their families, and for the sake of justice, they did  not adopt the Gorsuch reasoning.    Finally, Judge Gorsuch has spent his career arguing against the so- called Chevron standard. In essence, this means that when it comes to  Federal rules designed to protect the public health and safety, he  believes that the opinions of judges like himself should outweigh the  opinions of experts in these subjects in our civil service. This view  was rejected by none other than Judge Scalia. It is much more in line  with the thinking of Steve Bannon, a man whose stated goal is to  deconstruct the Federal rules that protect the health and safety of the  American people. Again, Judge Gorsuch is not in the mainstream.   And let's make no mistake, he was never intended to be a mainstream  nominee. Candidate Trump established several litmus tests. He said he  wanted a nominee who was opposed to a woman's right to reproductive  choice and someone who would have the support of the NRA. Donald Trump  then subcontracted out the nomination process to rightwing conservative  groups like the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society. He  asked them to compile a list of nominees who they liked. Neil Gorsuch  was on that list.   So it should be no surprise that an analysis that appeared in the New  York Times concluded that Neil Gorsuch would be the second most  conservative member of the current Supreme Court, and an analysis in  the Washington Post concluded he would be the most rightwing member of  the Court.   And once President Trump selected Neil Gorsuch, the rightwing money  machine went into action. Since that moment, money has flooded our  airwaves, with more than $10 million spent in support of this  nomination. Never before has our country witnessed a multimillion  dollar campaign for the Supreme Court.   When pressed, Judge Gorsuch said he had no idea who or why anybody  would spend that much money to make sure he sits on the highest Court.  I think we know why from looking at his record. They want someone who  consistently rules in favor of large corporate special interests  against the rest of us.   There is a better way. Typically, the White House will consult with  Members of both parties, Republicans and Democrats, before settling on  a nominee. This time that courtesy was not extended to Democrats. If it  had been, we could be talking today about a bipartisan nominee--someone  who would uphold equal justice under the law for every American. The  rules do not need to change; the nominee needs to be changed.   Our Nation's independent judiciary is under attack. Our President  demonizes judges whenever he feels challenged, and now special interest  groups have begun funding millions of dollars into a campaign, reducing  our solemn constitutional duty to a set of slick campaign ads. That is  why we need a new nominee--one who has the support of 60 members of  this Chamber.   I will oppose this nomination and insist that this nominee be held to  the 60-vote standard to show he can get a consensus of this body.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New York.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I have already cast my ``no'' vote with  regard to the judge and will so again whenever we get to final passage,  but I want to take this opportunity to talk about the chaos that is  going on in Venezuela.   As if there weren't already enough chaos, last week Venezuela's  supreme court stripped its legislative branch of its powers--just  stripped them of powers. Only because the court had gotten such  significant criticism did it reverse its decision. Apparently even the  very shaky President of Venezuela, Maduro, weighed in to get them to  reverse their decision. Now, isn't that something? This is supposed to  be a democracy. Yet it is being run as a dictatorship, where even the  judicial branch goes and does something crazy and the President of the  country gets up and tells them: You had better reverse yourself; there  is too much criticism.   This is the nonsense that is going on in Venezuela. Of course, what  went on last week further undermines Venezuela's so-called democracy,  and it is only the latest in President Maduro's creeping dictatorship.  That is what it is.   He has repeatedly and violently suppressed protesters and jailed his  political opponents in violation of any understanding of human rights.  He has used that same Supreme Court to block members of the National  Assembly from taking office, and he has used that Supreme Court as a  rubberstamp to overturn the laws that the National Assembly does that  he doesn't like. Isn't it a sad state that Venezuela has reached?   The President has also thwarted opposition efforts to recall him,  President Maduro, in a national referendum. In so doing, he was able to  appoint a Vice President with ties to Hezbollah, and now a Vice  President it appears that he has sanctioned for drug trafficking.   Meanwhile, the poor Venezuelan people suffer the consequences of the  political, humanitarian, and economic  [[Page S2405]]  crisis. Venezuelans are dying because of severe shortages of food and  medicine and other products. The economy is in freefall, and crime and  corruption are rampant.   Last year, 18,000 Venezuelans sought asylum in the United States-- more than any other nationality. The United States stands clearly on  the side of the Venezuelan people in calling on President Maduro to  cease undermining democracy, release all political prisoners, respect  the rule of law, and respect human rights.   There obviously is no sign that he is going to be doing this. What  should we do? First of all, we ought to get our Secretary of State to  work with the international community, including the Organization of  American States, to help resolve this crisis and alleviate the  suffering of the Venezuelan people.   That is the first order of business, to try to eliminate the  suffering of people. It is all so true; whenever a dictator takes  control, as has happened in Venezuela, it is the people who suffer  first.   Additionally, I am suggesting and I am calling on the administration  to fully enforce and, where appropriate, expand the sanctions on those  responsible for continued violence and human rights violations that are  perpetrated against the people.   It is very interesting. A lot of these so-called big guys in  Venezuela love to travel. They love to have bank accounts. They love to  come to Miami. They love to have U.S. bank accounts. Let's slap some  severe economic sanctions on these guys. The situation is increasingly  dire, and we must stand with the Venezuelan people in their struggle  for democracy and human rights.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, while we have a lull in the debate, I want  to take an opportunity to talk about healthcare. Since we had an utter  inability of the House of Representatives to come together on any kind  of healthcare bill, this Senator would suggest that instead of the  mantra ``repeal and replace,'' since now that seems to be dead, why  don't we take the existing law that has provided a lot of things for  the average citizen? For the average person in my State of Florida, it  means a great deal to have the availability of health insurance, which  they never had and can now afford.   There need to be fixes to the law known as the Affordable Care Act  that was passed several years ago. Indeed, one of those fixes could be  a kind of ``smoothing fund,'' that as the insurance companies vie for  this business on the State exchanges, they would be able to have this  fund as a resource for them to get over some of the humps--also,  certainly for some of the insureds.   Just because you are at 400 percent of poverty and therefore no  longer eligible for some of the subsidies to enable you to buy health  insurance--and, by the way, for a single individual, that is only about  $47,000 a year of income--the person who makes $47,000, $50,000 a year  can't afford to go out and spend $8,000, $10,000, $11,000 on a health  insurance policy.   We need to adjust that--in other words, fix that as well. There needs  to be an additional fix of a subsidy for the people who are just over  400 percent of poverty. To translate that another way, for a family of  four, that is only about $95,000 a year. On a tight budget like that,  they simply can't afford health insurance. They need some help.   With a few little fixes like that to the existing law--the Affordable  Care Act--we could get this thing tuned up and, indeed, continue to  provide what we need in order for people to have healthcare.   One other fix: There are about 4 million people in the country who,  if their State legislatures and their Governor would expand Medicaid-- and some of those Governors are now expressing interest in doing this-- under the Federal law up to 138 percent of poverty, 4 million more  people would be covered with healthcare. In my State of Florida alone,  there are 900,000 people who otherwise would be getting healthcare who  do not because the government in the State of Florida has refused to  expand Medicaid coverage up to 138 percent of poverty.   How much is that? For a single individual, that is someone making  about $16,000 a year. A person like that can't afford health insurance.  A person like that can't afford any kind of paying for any healthcare.   What happens to them? When they get sick, they wait and wait to try  to cure themselves because they can't pay a doctor. When the sickness  turns into an emergency, they end up in the emergency room and then, of  course, it is uncompensated care and the hospital eats it. The  hospital, of course, passes that uncompensated care on to all the rest  of us who are paying our premiums on health insurance.   It makes sense to do this. With a few fixes, we would be able to tune  up the existing law to provide the healthcare that most of us want to  provide. It seems to me that it is common sense, and it is common sense  that can be done in a bipartisan way. It is my hope and my prayer that  the Senate and the House will come together and ultimately do this.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.   