 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a pretty straightforward  amendment. It does two things. One, it saves and conserves valuable  taxpayer dollars to be used on higher priority issues, and it holds the  Department of Defense accountable for current law.   Mr. Chairman, we currently have in place a variety of agreements with  folks who buy biofuels at costs ranging up to $28 a gallon. The Army  actually bought some at $40 a gallon. At a time when you have heard,  for over an hour now, the need for conserving resources, for  reprioritizing resources, having those kind of contracts, new contracts  come in existence makes no sense whatsoever.   This amendment would simply say that while sequestration is going on,  while we are under the draconian measures of sequestration, the Army,  Department of Defense, Navy, Air Force will not enter into new  contracts. Existing contracts, wherever they may be, however costly  they might be, would continue forward, we would honor those and the  amendments made in that regard.   But as long as we are under sequestration and we are under this  budgeting process that you have heard ad nauseam over the last hour or  so, these would prevent this problem from going forward.   Then if sequestration goes away on its own or we somehow lift it  ourselves, then this restriction would be lifted and then new contracts  could be entered into, but those contracts would then have an  accounting clause in it, or the accounting department at the Pentagon  would have an accounting process in which the cost of the fuels would  have to take into account all of the other agencies who have been  contributing to this fund.   Early on, there was a $510 million pot of money created by the  Department of Defense, the Department of Energy, and the Department of  Agriculture, using the Commodities Credit Corporation to fund this $510  million. None of us know where that money went. It was supposed to do a  refinery, but we don't know that. We can't prove that.   We do know that they bought jet fuel at $28 a gallon under this  program. Normally, at that same timeframe, they also bought jet fuel  for $3.35 a gallon. So 25 bucks a gallon differential, 2 million  gallons bought at the higher prices, that is $51 million of taxpayer  dollars that were, I believe, misapplied and misprioritized in these  tough times.   This program came into existence, in no small part, because of  America's reliance on overseas sources of oil. This all predates the  last 6 years of effort that has gone on in order to create the energy  independence that we see on the horizon, given shale drilling and all  of the opportunity to use these cheaper fuels.   So I ask my colleagues to support the amendment. This makes sense. It  does not squander taxpayer resources. It does not affect existing  contracts. It would only be for new contracts. The industry itself, of  course, is going to be for it because they are selling a commodity at  $28 a gallon versus $3 a gallon, and you would expect them to be  against my amendment. But my amendment is for the servicemen and -women  and for the taxpayers.   Mr. Chair, I encourage a ``yes'' vote, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chair, how much time do I have?    Mr. Chair, the gentleman is incorrect in the sense that  this does not, over the next year or 2 or 3, however long sequestration  is going to be in place, measurably affect climate change one way or  the other. The small amounts of fuel that are allowed to be purchased  in excess of competitive costs are 2 million gallons at 28 bucks a  gallon.   The Department of Defense buys 107 billion gallons of fuel, so any  number up to some multimillion dollar number, million gallon amount  could be hidden under this amount. We also don't have a good accounting  process to understand exactly what those costs are when they enter into  these contracts, and asking the Department of Agriculture to subsidize  this process doesn't make any sense either.   In order to hide from the program, the issue is the Department of  Defense buys the fuel, they send a bill to the Commodities Credit  Corporation to actually pay for it. So it is not even on the Department  of Defense's books and records to get the proper accounting to make  sure. This is straightforward stuff.   You can't, on the one hand, argue that we need to provide all that  needs to be provided for our men and women to fight and spend an extra  $51 billion, plus $510 million that we don't know where that went on a  product that can be brought for $3.35 a gallon.   I would argue there is nowhere in the world today where we need drop- in jet fuel that can be provided somewhere else. That argument is  specious and it makes no sense whatsoever. That may be some future  issue, but that is not today.   Giving the shale drilling and the opportunity to provide fossil fuels  for our military and their direct mission of fighting, not doing the  other things to try to support this issue, makes no  [[Page H5723]]  sense. So I ask my colleagues to vote for this commonsense amendment.  It does not affect the existing contracts, and it is a better use of  taxpayer dollars, and it is better for the members of the service to  put a hiatus on new contracts while we are under sequestration and all  of the things that have been talked about.   So I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment. And with that,  I yield to the chairman for any comments he might have.   