 Mr. Speaker, I do.    Mr. Speaker, on a question of the privileges of the  House under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the privileges of the House  are those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety,  dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings. Congressional oversight  is a power granted by the Constitution in public law and in House  rules.   Mr. Speaker, just 2 days ago, FBI Director James Comey confirmed that  there was an investigation of Donald Trump's campaign's ties to the  Russian agents.   We know that, following six bankruptcies, Donald Trump had trouble  getting loans and financing for his real estate businesses. We know  that German Bank Deutsche stepped in when Wall Street stopped lending,  giving at least $300 million in loans for those properties and, more  personally, to his daughter, Ivanka, and son-in-law.   We know that Deutsche Bank has been fined for criminally transferring  $10 billion out of Russia. We also know that Donald Trump, Jr. said  that the Trump organization saw money ``pouring in from Russia'' and  that ``Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a  lot of our assets.''   We know that Donald Trump repeatedly attempted to secure trademarks  in Russia--the record is the record--to develop real estate in Russia-- the record is the record--and to sell products in Russia--the record is  the record. We have seen how just two pages summarizing the President's  2005 tax returns, which many laughed off, showed that he paid a low  rate of 25 percent. He has proposed tax changes that would  significantly lower his own personal tax bill.   We need to see how the President----    Mr. Speaker, nothing could be more of a threat to the  integrity of this House than ignoring our duty to fully examine the  personal financial entanglements any President,  [[Page H2310]]  and this President, may have had with Russian entities and individuals.  If and when such conflicts are revealed, I do not want to say to our  constituents that we had the power to review these conflicts, but,  instead, we sat on our hands and did nothing. I, for one, do not want  my integrity or the integrity of my colleagues in this body on both  sides of the aisle to be demeaned by such a shameful failure.   To restore the dignity of the House, we must use our authority to  request President Trump's tax returns to give the American people--the  75 percent who say ``give it up,''--75 percent of the American people,  the transparency they deserve.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   