 Mr. President, I oppose the Republicans' current efforts  to gut environmental protections that put industry profits before  public health. In repealing the EPA stream protection rule, Republicans  are again choosing to put the health and well-being of average  Americans in jeopardy in favor of the interests of the Big Coal  industry.   This bill seeks to unravel clean drinking water protections  implemented by the Obama administration. The last time I checked, no  one voted to pollute the environment in the last election. The majority  of Americans do not agree that we should be dismantling protections  that ensure clean air and clean water.   The stream protection rule shields communities from toxic pollution  from coal mining, updating regulations that are more than 30 years old.  These protections bolster those in the Clean Water Act and establish a  long-overdue monitoring requirement for water pollutants--including  lead, arsenic, and selenium--known to cause birth defects and other  severe human health impacts. The rule was updated to better protect  public health and the environment from the adverse effects of surface  and underground coal mining.   This rule would protect or restore about 6,000 miles of streams and  52,000 acres of forest over two decades. It would prevent water  pollution by authorizing approval of mountaintop removal mining  operations only when natural waterways will not be destroyed, requiring  protection or restoration of streams and related resources, such as  threatened or endangered species. It gives communities in coal country  much needed information about toxic water pollution caused by nearby  mining operations. Long-term, the rule would ensure that premining land  use capabilities are restored and guarantee treatment of unanticipated  water pollution discharges.   Mountaintop mining destroys communities. Let's be clear. This rule  helps protect communities from the pollution caused by mountaintop  removal coal mining. In Appalachia, mountaintop removal coal mining has  been responsible for the destruction of 2,000 miles of streams and 2.5  million acres of the region's ancient forests. States have issued  advisories that people should not eat the fish in mined areas because  of chemical contamination. In dozens of peer-reviewed studies,  mountaintop removal mining has been linked to cancer, birth defects,  and other serious health problems among residents living near these  sites. According to Kentuckians for the Commonwealth, the public health  costs of pollution from coal operations in Appalachia are $75 billion  every year.   According to a 2011 study in the Journal of Community Health, in  counties where mountaintop removal occurs, cancer rates are almost  twice than those nearby where there is none. As many as 60,000  additional cases of cancer are linked to the practice within those 1.2  million Americans who live in these areas.   In addition, a 2011 study in the scientific peer-reviewed journal  Environmental Research found that, even after accounting for  socioeconomic risks, birth defects were significantly higher in  mountaintop mining areas compared to non-mining areas.   Likewise, a 2011 study in the Journal of Rural Health found that  areas in Appalachia with mountaintop removal have significantly higher  death rates from heart disease than other areas with similar  socioeconomic conditions. Researchers in the same Rural Health study  estimated that more than 700 additional deaths occur annually.   Yet the rule is dogged by many myths and falsehoods spurred by the  fossil fuels lobby. Almost a quarter of a billion dollars have been  spent by opponents of the rule--the coal mining industry, electric  utilities, National Association of Manufacturers, railroads, and the  U.S. Chamber of Commerce--on political lobbying and campaign donations.  They--and Republicans--claim that implementing this rule will kill coal  production--not true. Coal production is impacted by many factors,  including low natural gas prices. The CEO of the coal company Murray  Energy even said, ``I've asked President-elect Trump to temper his  comments about . . . bringing coal back. It will not happen.''   In comparison, this rule could actually create jobs. Many of the jobs  created by the rule will be construction-type jobs easily conducted by  former coal miners.   Another myth is that the rule is a huge economic burden on industry-- not true. The economic impacts of implementing this rule are small  relative to the size of the coal industry. Industry compliance costs  are estimated to average only 0.3 percent or less of the coal  industry's $31.2 billion 2015 estimated annual revenues. Conversely,  the costs of repealing the rule are borne by Appalachian families and  small businesses. Families in these communities will be the ones to  endure significant health impacts. Businesses like restaurants, farms,  and the outdoor recreation industry rely on clean water and are  jeopardized by coal contamination in their community's streams.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on this effort to kill the important  protections provided by the stream protection rule. We must reject  efforts to put the interests of the Big Coal industry above the health  and well-being of the American people.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, with the resolution on the floor  today, our Republican colleagues are beginning their effort to roll  back critical  [[Page S626]]  health, safety, and environmental safeguards that the Obama  administration put in place.   The tool that they are using, the Congressional Review Act, is a  particularly blunt instrument. The Congressional Review Act allows the  majority to rush a resolution of disapproval through the Senate with  limited debate and only a limited opportunity for Americans to see what  Congress is doing.   But a resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act  does not just send a rule back to the drawing board. Instead, the  resolution repeals the rule and prohibits the Agency from ever  proposing anything like it again. An analysis in the Washington Law  Review reported that it is ``conceivable that any subsequent attempt to  regulate in any way whatsoever in the same broad topical area would be  barred.''   The rule before us today, the stream protection rule, deals with how  waste from surface mining, also called ``mountaintop mining,'' is  handled. The rule prevents this waste from being dumped near streams.  The waste from these mining operations includes toxic pollutants like  lead and arsenic. And these pollutants can cause serious health  problems in surrounding communities. A 2008 study in the Journal of the  North American Benthological Society found that 98 percent of streams  downstream from mountaintop mining operations were damaged. This rule  limits pollution near streams, requires monitoring of water quality,  and creates standards to restore streams after a mining operation ends.   The Reagan administration first put forward stream protections in  1983, exercising authority under the Surface Mining Control and  Reclamation Act of 1977. Today more than 30 years later, we better  understand the effects of surface mining, and it makes sense to update  our standards to protect public health. The Bush administration  revisited the issue in 2008, but a Federal court vacated the Bush  administration rule because they failed to fully consider effects on  wildlife.   Under the Obama administration, in 2009, the Office of Surface Mining  Reclamation and Enforcement, or OSMRE, began considering options to  bring these stream protections up to date with the current scientific  understanding. In the course of developing the updated rule, OSMRE  shared information and solicited comment from State regulatory  authorities and incorporated their feedback. The Office of Management  and Budget's Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs continued the  stakeholder engagement process. The Obama administration considered the  issue deliberately, for 7 years, before publishing the final rule in  December.   OSMRE acted appropriately with the Stream Protection Rule. But the  question before us today is not whether the rule is perfect. Today we  are considering whether the Agency should be permitted to update the  old 1983 rule at all. I believe that it was right for the government to  update this outdated regulation and use the best available science to  protect drinking water and safeguard public health. Therefore, I urge  my colleagues to join me to vote against this resolution to disapprove  the rule.   