 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Cole amendment. I  thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the gentleman from  Oklahoma for his work in pushing Congress to have a debate on an AUMF.   I had offered an amendment as well to the defense bill, along with  Mr. Sanford and Mr. Moulton, that would put in place a new consolidated  AUMF, and I wanted to describe it.   I know there has been considerable debate over whether this is the  right bill for an amendment of this nature. But what we have tried to  do in this language is avoid the red lines that both parties seem to  have in this debate. As I perceive those red lines, my friends on the  Republican side of the aisle are reluctant to--in what would be  considered too restrictive a way--tie the hands of the Commander in  Chief by putting limits on geography or the introduction of ground  troops.   On the Democratic side, we are resistant to the idea of giving the  Commander in Chief too much of a blank check.   The way that we have sought to navigate the distance between these  two red lines is a resolution that would repeal the old authorizations  which no longer really apply to our current situation, replace it with  an authorization of use of force against al-Qaida, ISIS, the Taliban,  and their associated forces.    It would place no geographic limits and no limits on the introduction  of ground forces, but it would have these necessary safeguards. First,  it would have a sunset date of 3 years so that we don't again get to a  15-year period where we can't get a vote on an authorization and it  goes on beyond its intended life.   But it would also provide that, if a President decided to introduce  ground troops in a combat mission, a privileged motion would be in  order that any Member could trigger where within a discrete period of  time set up by the War Powers Act you could compel a vote to either  approve or modify or repeal the existing authority.   That would, of course, not prevent us from taking a vote at any other  time, but it would at least allow a vote and some accountability.   So I commend it for people's consideration as a way that we might  navigate the distance between the parties. I appreciate, again, my  colleague from Oklahoma's efforts to get us to weigh in and consider  and live up to our constitutional responsibility.   