 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday morning we learned that two  members of the Trump campaign--Mr. Manafort, his one-time campaign  chairman, and Mr. Gates, a close associate of Manafort's--were indicted  on a dozen charges as part of Special Counsel Mueller's investigation,  including  [[Page S6890]]  money laundering, conspiracy to commit fraud, and conspiracy against  the United States.   The fact that the activity in question took place partially before  the Trump campaign offered Mr. Manafort the role of chairman in no way  diminishes the gravity of the situation. If anything, it suggests that  the Trump campaign was negligent in hiring as its chairman a man who  was an unregistered foreign agent working for a pro-Russian proxy party  in Ukraine. That man is now alleged to have been laundering large sums  of money and concealing his identity as a foreign agent from the FBI  and the Department of Justice, including during his time during the  Trump campaign. Imagine having such poor vetting and poor judgment to  hire such a person as your campaign manager.   We also learned that a Trump campaign adviser met with a Kremlin  contact to discuss ``dirt'' they possessed on Secretary Clinton and had  several email exchanges with other Trump officials about his outreach  to the Russians. This disclosure should put an end to the idea that  there was no communication or possible connection between the Trump  campaign and Russia.   It is not fake news, Mr. President. It is not fake news. There was a  connection between the Trump campaign and Russia. Who was involved, how  much, and what happened are yet to be determined, but there was a  connection, even though the President has denied that connection for  months.   The President can assert whatever he wants on Twitter, but the facts  are the facts. There were official members of the Trump campaign who  were receptive to working with a hostile foreign power to obtain  damaging information about their political opponent. These revelations  should concern every Member of this body--Democrat, Republican,  Independent, liberal, moderate, and conservative.   I understand the strength of the centrifugal forces in our politics  that warp everything into a partisan battle between two sides. There  are two sides to every argument, but no one is above the law, no matter  what side of the argument one is on. The rule of law and American  democracy are indisputable as our bedrock. We cannot abandon it for  political expediency.   Special Counsel Mueller, who served both Republican and Democratic  administrations--a lifetime public servant and a man of unimpeachable  integrity--was appointed by President Trump's Deputy Attorney General.  Mr. Mueller was a career prosecutor and is as straight of a shooter as  they come. He must be allowed to finish the work he started without any  interference. If he had nothing to fear, as he claims, President Trump  would encourage Special Counsel Mueller to follow every lead and pledge  his full cooperation. Instead, President Trump is again trying to  divert our attention by making spurious allegations and trying to knock  down anyone or anything in his way, playing right into the partisan,  two-sides instinct of Washington. But this goes beyond partisanship. It  goes right to the rule of law.    The President has a tendency to call anyone who disagrees with him  and anyone who has facts that he doesn't like a liar, dishonest, and  this, that, or the other thing. This has demeaned and degraded our  Presidency and even our country. There are places where it must stop,  and it should stop at the rule of law. I say that to President Trump,  who may never listen, but I say that to my Republican colleagues here  in this Chamber.   The Founders of the Republic put at the center of our civic life no  religion, dogma, or sovereign, but rather the rule of law. It is what  separated the American experiment from the hereditary monarchies of the  era and outdated ideas like the divine rights of Kings.   The rule of law holds in check our people, including our President.  Donald Trump is President, not King. He cannot decree things to go away  or say that facts are not facts. He is as subject as anyone else to the  rule of law. That is what makes our democracy so grand. No one--no  one--is below the rule of law's protection, and no one is above its  reproach, including the President of the United States. It safeguards  our democracy from the usurpations of demagogues and would-be  dictators. It is why this noble experiment--the American experiment-- continues, and Donald Trump is shaking the foundation of that when he  tries to get out from Special Counsel Mueller's due process.   What Special Counsel Mueller represents is the rule of law at work in  21st century American democracy. Intentionally and spuriously impugning  his integrity or smearing his efforts as partisan is not only  inaccurate, it is not only false, it is not only fake, but it is  damaging to a core ideal in our country, the independent and impartial  rule of law that no man--even the President of the United States, even  Donald Trump, think what he may--is above the rule of law.   Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must be allowed to proceed  unimpeded, and my friends on the other side of the aisle must help  dispel the notion that his investigation is in any way partisan. To  their great credit, many of my colleagues have done just that in the  last 24 hours, and I salute them.   The American people must have faith that when the very foundations of  our democracy are shaken by a hostile foreign power, our independent  judicial system built on the rule of law will not be degraded by  partisan politics. We must loudly reject forces and actors that will  try to make it so--on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue. Our leaders-- our Republican leaders in the House and Senate--have an obligation to  tell Donald Trump to lay off Mueller's investigation. Let it proceed  where it goes. That is what our democracy is all about, and that is  what leadership is all about.   