 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I stand here today on behalf of a hero of  freedom and democracy in the People's Republic of China. Liu Xiaobo and  his wife Liu Xia are the faces of liberty in China. They have  sacrificed comfort and normalcy to chart a path toward political  liberalization. For that, they have been detained, imprisoned, and  abused.   In 2008, Liu Xiaobo coauthored ``Charter 08,'' a manifesto that  shined a light on the Communist Party of China and its totalitarian  abuse of power. Though many brave souls signed their names and their  fates to that document, Dr. Liu's name was at the very top. For this  reason, he received the Nobel Peace Prize. He also received charges of  ``inciting subversion of state power'' and an 11-year prison sentence.  It is impossible to neglect the stark irony: a man dedicated to  nonviolence, imprisoned for promoting peace.   Motivating Dr. Liu's tremendous courage and self-sacrifice was a  determination to remember what the People's Republic of China  desperately wants the world to forget: Tiananmen Square. A poet,  author, and political scientist, Dr. Liu was, in 1989, a visiting  scholar at Columbia University, but when the pro-democracy protests  broke out in Beijing in June of that year, he raced back to China to  support them. He staged a hunger strike in Tiananmen Square in the  midst of the historic student protests and insisted that they would  remain nonviolent in the faces of the tanks, which the Chinese military  deployed to smash them.   In 1996, the party subjected him to 3 years of ``reeducation through  labor'' for continuing to question China's one-party system.   In 2008, on the eve of the 100-year anniversary of China's first  Constitution and the 30-year anniversary of Beijing's Democracy Wall  movement, Dr. Liu dedicated his work on ``Charter 08'' to the martyrs  at Tiananmen Square.   Today, 8 years into his unjust imprisonment, Dr. Liu needs our help  more than ever. Last month, it was revealed that Dr. Liu has contracted  an aggressive, late stage form of liver cancer. Although PRC  authorities ``released'' him ``on medical parole,'' both Liu Xiaobo and  Liu Xia linger without freedom. Even worse, Liu Xiaobo is dying.  [[Page S3953]]  His condition is critical, and we are running out of time to act on his  behalf.   Although Chinese authorities compelled the Lius to sign an affidavit  allegedly attesting to their satisfaction with the medical care they  have received in China and their wish to remain there, Liu Xia has  communicated to their attorney their desire to spend Liu Xiaobo's final  days in America. PRC doctors insisted that Dr. Liu was too ill to  travel, but medical experts from the United States and Germany--one of  them being Dr. Joseph Herman of the MD Anderson Cancer Center of the  University of Texas--visited Dr. Liu and attested to the contrary.  Issuing a joint statement, they agreed that Dr. Liu ``can be safely  transported with appropriate medical evacuation care and support.''  They then issued this stark warning: ``However, the medical evacuation  would have to take place as quickly as possible.''   The urgency of this situation goes beyond Liu Xiaobo. Liu Xia's  livelihood is inextricably linked to the ability of the two of them to  leave China. Due to his imprisonment, Liu Xiaobo has been unable to  receive his $1.5 million in prize money from the Norwegian Nobel  Committee. The holdup of transferring the funds is merely routine: a  signed form from Dr. Liu and an open bank account with his name on it.  But China has prevented these technical steps from progressing. If Liu  Xiaobo dies without receiving this account, Liu Xia will be left  destitute with no money. I shudder to think what a life would hold for  the wife of China's boldest political prisoner.   Only one man stands between a dying man's wish and his wife's  livelihood and freedom: Xi Jinping. Although no one action can undo the  turmoil that the Lius have suffered over the past 28 years, it is not  too late to do the right thing and to allow this man and his wife to  spend their last days together according to their wishes.   It wouldn't be the first time that Xi has made a similar decision.  Earlier this year, he agreed, after consultations with the Trump  administration, to release an imprisoned Houstonian, Sandy Phan-Gillis,  who was incarcerated on false charges. Although nothing could bring  back the 2 years of separation from her family, she and her family are  now reunited--something I spent considerable time urging and  encouraging and was grateful to see come to pass.   Lest Xi forget, even Kim Jong Un, the dictator in North Korea,  allowed Otto Warmbier, a young American college student from Ohio--in  the prime of his life before torture and abuse left him in a coma--to  return home for his final hours. Surely, Xi can show the same degree of  humanity shown by Kim Jong Un.   Indeed, toward that end, the bill that I have introduced numerous  times to rename the street in front of the Chinese Embassy in honor of  Liu Xiaobo is an instrument of leverage that can help produce his  freedom. In 2015, I came to this floor and asked on three separate  occasions for unanimous consent to pass my bill to rename the street in  front of the Chinese Embassy after Liu Xiaobo. Over and over again,  sadly, Democratic Senators stood up and objected, stymieing the effort.  Each time I advocated on behalf of Liu Xiaobo and Liu Xia, my  colleagues expressed procedural concerns: This is counterproductive.  Doing so will only antagonize China.   Well, some of us are less concerned about antagonizing Chinese  Communist dictators.   My fellow Senators assured me that they have negotiated the release  of many political prisoners behind the scenes. Well, that is wonderful,  and I encourage them to do so now in the few days and weeks Liu Xiaobo  has ahead.   Even so, despite repeated Democratic objections--repeated Democratic  obstructionism--ultimately, the U.S. Senate was able to pass my bill by  voice vote in the 114th Congress, and the reason at the time was  evident: China's stubbornness--wrongly imprisoning a Nobel Peace  laureate--required public action to force the issue. The end goal  should be clear. It is not merely to rename a street, but rather to use  the action to shine light on the Lius and to pressure the PRC to do the  right thing.   No Member can explain the success of this tactic better than my good  friend Senator Grassley, the senior Senator from Iowa, who led a very  similar effort in 1984 to rename the street in front of the Soviet  Embassy after Andrei Sakharov, the famed Soviet dissident. Senator  Grassley led that effort under Ronald Reagan, and when the street was  renamed, it meant anytime a Soviet had to write to their Embassy, they  had to write Sakharov's name. It meant anytime you had to pick up the  phone and call the Embassy and say ``Where exactly do I find this  Embassy?'' they had to address and highlight the dissident.   For the PRC, they do not want to highlight Liu Xiaobo because he is a  powerful voice for freedom and against tyranny. Just as it worked  against the Soviet Union, as Reagan demonstrated, public shaming,  shining light, telling the truth can bring down the machinery of  oppression. So, too, can public shaming--shining light--secure Dr.  Liu's freedom.   As we stand here today, we don't know if Xi is going to allow Dr. Liu  to come to freedom, to live out his last days in peace, and to receive  the Nobel Peace Prize that he was so justly awarded. If Xi does the  right thing, we can all commend the action. But if not, I am announcing  my intention to continue to press this bill, to seek its passage again  in this Congress, just as the Senate passed it in the prior Congress. I  intend to press forward and seek passage of this bill.   If Dr. Liu is not released--if he dies in China, still under their  oppression--I intend to continue to fight until the day when the street  is named in front of the Embassy and the Chinese Communists can bow  their heads in shame at their injustice. If they don't want to be  publicly shamed, there is an easy path: Don't commit shameful acts.  Truth has power. Sunshine and light have power.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--Republicans and  Democrats: If there is an issue that should unite us all, it is that a  Nobel Peace laureate speaking out for peace and democracy should not be  wrongly imprisoned in Communist China. That should bring us together-- and the full force of the United States.   I commend President Trump for leading on this issue, and I am hopeful  that China will see its way to doing the right thing.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   