 Mr. President, I spent the last few days having town hall  meetings at home. It was a big challenge. We had a tremendous amount of  snow. The distinguished Presiding Officer is very familiar with that.  We had the most snow since 1937, and it just goes on and on. We are  battling freezing rain. Yet Oregonians came out in big numbers to  participate in the discussion about what is going on in Washington, DC.  They were particularly troubled about what was being done at the  Environmental Protection Agency in the nomination of Scott Pruitt to  head it. We had 200 people in McMinnville on Saturday night, a small  community. I think the temperature was about 22 degrees. What really  troubled them is that it sure looks like, when you examine the record  of Mr. Pruitt, that he is trampling on everything we call the Oregon  Way. The Oregon Way is something that Democrats, Republicans, people  across the political spectrum subscribe to because it involves  protecting our treasured land, air, and water. It was something we want  for our generation, and we will pass it on to our kids, and it has been  hugely valuable to us in attracting more industries that pay well  because the workers at those industries want clean air and clean water.   When you look at Mr. Pruitt's career, it really upends everything  that I would call the Oregon Way--repeated attempts to weaken or  eliminate health-based environmental standards, air quality standards  for toxic air pollutants, limits on carbon emissions to take on the  challenge of climate change. These rollbacks are particularly harmful  to children and low-income households, communities of color,  minorities, families, and communities.   Yesterday, Senator Merkley and I spoke at our wonderful Martin Luther  King Day Breakfast put on by The Skanner. Bernie and Bobbie Foster have  been doing this for years. All I could think of is, if you roll back  clean air and health standards, the people who are going to be hurt the  most are low-income minorities, and communities of color. I don't see a  big outcry in America for policies that would do that kind of harm to  some of the most vulnerable Americans.   Mr. Pruitt also has a troubling history of denying that fundamental  science really ought to be the basis of American policymaking when it  comes to environmental protection.   For example, he disputed the Agency's science-based findings in 2009  that greenhouse gases endanger public health and welfare. Now, my view  is that this is an inarguable and unfortunate reality of climate  change. But Mr. Pruitt's challenge suggests either a misunderstanding  about how environmental agencies ought to make science-based decisions  or, even worse, a habit of setting science aside when the outcome is at  odds with the special interests.   Again, that comes back to the kind of comments that were made during  my five town hall meetings over the last few days at home. People would  say: Look, Democrats and Republicans at home in Oregon, great  Republican Governors--particularly led by the late Tom McCall--they  would constantly come back to the proposition that you should not let  the special interests trample on your treasures, your land and your air  and your water, because not only was it bad for this generation--our  generation--but it would be particularly damaging to our young people.   So it is really troubling that this has been the choice of the  President-elect. My own view is that when it comes to environmental  standards, one of the unsung successes of the last few years has been a  rule cutting emissions of mercury, arsenic, lead, and other dangerous  materials. It prevented, in 2016, 11,000 premature deaths. My concern  is that a lot of those deaths would be seen in minority communities and  communities of color, the people I was concerned about when we had our  Martin Luther King Day Breakfast.   Mr. Pruitt worked hard to gut that rule. He really pulled out all the  stops to oppose a rule cutting emissions of mercury, arsenic, lead and  dangerous heavy metals. He worked hard to gut it. If he is confirmed,  he may just possibly be successful.   Now, the message that I have heard again and again is that we can do  better than this. We can do better than this. I think the American  people, when they see what is at stake--it has been hard to follow all  of the hearings. I know that I was very interested in the questioning  in the Foreign Relations Committee by the Presiding Officer. I was  trying to follow all the nominations, and I could not get to all the  hearings. I could not follow all of the questioning that I thought was  important.   But even when all of this is going on, when people tell you before a  Trailblazers game--at home in Portland, a pregame event--that they are  unhappy about the environmental rules and the prospects of the  environmental rules being gutted by the new head of the EPA, you know  that you have people alarmed.   Oregon is no stranger to the threats of pollution. In 2015, there was  a discovery that heavy metals, including cadmium and arsenic, had been  emitted for decades into the air of Portland neighborhoods at dangerous  levels.   This pollution was caused by a regulatory loophole the size of Crater  Lake. At the time, I called on the Environmental Protection Agency to  take action. Within days, they were on the ground in Portland helping  to assess the public health risks. Not long after, they identified the  cause of the regulatory oversight and corrected course.   It seems to me that Americans need to trust that the Environmental  Protection Agency will be able to defend their communities from air  pollution or from water contamination. That is how we have always  looked at it in my home State of Oregon. We always felt that we could  trust those that we elected of both political parties for years and  years to say: You don't mess with Oregon's land and air and water.   Now, obviously, we have continued, even with that ethic, to have  problems. While I was pleased that we were able to get some significant  public health changes after we made that discovery in 2015 that there  were heavy metals, including cadmium and arsenic, in the air of our  neighborhoods, we have to do better. We have to do better at every  level of government, and the EPA plays a critical role in ensuring  clean and safe water, whether the water is running through a mountain  stream or through a pipe to a Portland kitchen. Cities across the  country, like my home town of Portland, are facing threats with high  levels of lead in the water supply and outdated infrastructure to fix  the problem.   These communities are counting on the Environmental Protection Agency  [[Page S338]]  to be in a partnership with them to get this fixed to enforce strong  water quality standards, and it only can happen if you have strong  leadership that starts at the top. The American people have a right to  have confidence that the head of the Environmental Protection Agency is  going to defend the health and well-being of our communities and not  the profits and the pocketbooks of the most powerful special interests  in our country.   I am going to close by saying that I am not confident that a Pruitt  EPA will stand on the side of those families against the special  interests. That is why tonight I state that I will be opposing the  nomination of Mr. Scott Pruitt to head the Environmental Protection  Agency.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rubio). The Senator from New Jersey.   