 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak about an issue that  Members on both sides of this aisle have a deep concern about, and that  is human sex trafficking and, specifically, the work we have done to  try to stop one website called backpage.com from selling people online.   This morning, I--along with my colleagues Tom Carper and Claire  McCaskill--announced that we have asked the Department of Justice to  investigate backpage.com for criminal  [[Page S3977]]  violations of the law. This is a criminal referral, and it is a new  development in this case. We believe there is sufficient evidence to  warrant this criminal review by the Justice Department, based on the  work that we have done in the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.   With estimated revenues of more than $150 million a year,  backpage.com is a market leader in commercial sex trafficking and has  been linked to hundreds of reported cases of sex trafficking, including  trafficking vulnerable women and children. Backpage has claimed that it  ``leads the industry'' in its screening of advertisements for illegal  activity, including sex ads for children. That is simply not true. In  fact, we now know that this website has long facilitated sex  trafficking on its site so that it can increase its profits--profits  that come at the expense of those being trafficked, including children.   When victims or State authorities try to bring actions against this  company, backpage has evaded responsibility by saying that it doesn't  write the ads for sex; it just publishes. Frankly, as a rule, courts  have sided with the company, citing the immunity granted by a Federal  law that is called the Communications Decency Act. The law, in essence,  says that if a company like backpage publishes an ad someone else gives  them, they are not liable, even though, again in this case, we know  that this website has long facilitated sex trafficking and they know  what they are doing.   We also now know that backpage has actively edited words and images,  which makes them cocreators of these ads. We also know from a new  report in the Washington Post just this week that, despite claims,  backpage has aggressively solicited and created sex-related ads  designed to lure customers. It further demonstrates that backpage is  not merely a passive publisher of third-party content. They are  involved. The article found that backpage workers were active  cocreators of many of these sex advertisements, including those that  seek to traffic women and young, underage girls.   I believe the legal consequences should be that they should lose  their immunity under the Communications Decency Act, and that is why we  have asked the Justice Department today to review this matter.   Let me be clear about the Communications Decency Act. It has an  important purpose. It is a well-intentioned law. It was enacted back in  1996 to protect online publishers, and I support the broader  legislation, the Communications Decency Act. But the law was not  intended to protect those who knowingly violate the law and facilitate  illegal conduct, and it was never intended to protect those who  knowingly facilitate the sex trafficking of vulnerable women and girls.   We are actively exploring legislation to fix this issue once and for  all. I have been working with a bipartisan group of Senators on  potential legislation, and I am hopeful that will soon be introduced in  the U.S. Senate. We must protect women and underage girls and hold  accountable websites that knowingly facilitate these types of criminal  exploitations.   A couple of weeks ago, I was at a place in Ohio called the Ranch of  Opportunity in Washington Court House. The Ranch of Opportunity opened  its doors in the latter part of 2013. It is on a 22-acre site, a  tranquil setting, a peaceful, spacious, and healthy environment for  girls between 13 and 18 to help find healing and recovery during a  residential program.   The ranch is a place of hope. As it says in its name, it is a ranch  of opportunity, and a lot of the girls who spend time at the ranch have  been victims of human trafficking and child abuse. In fact, I am told  that the majority--roughly 60 to 80 percent--of the young girls who  come through this program have been trafficked.   As I have talked to some of the girls and the staff there, of course,  backpage.com comes up again and again, as it always does when I talk to  survivors and victims of human trafficking. These types of crimes-- sexual abuse and trafficking--are horrific, but they are happening.  They are happening all over the country, and they are happening more  and more. So in your community, wherever you live, sadly I will tell  you that this is a problem. Part of it is because of these online  traffickers. In other words, as many of the survivors of human  trafficking have told me: Rob, this has moved from the street corner to  the smartphone, and the smartphone is where backpage.com dominates.    In touring the State, I have heard over and over again about this  specific link between drugs and human trafficking. I have talked to  trafficking survivors who have told me that their trafficker first got  them hooked on heroin and other drugs. I saw this firsthand in May,  when I toured the Salvation Army of Greater Cleveland Harbor Light  Complex. They have been operating in Cleveland for 65 years, providing  incredibly important services to some of the most vulnerable members of  society, including women who have been trafficked. It is important to  know that link is there.   Both of those issues are so important to address--trafficking and  what is happening in terms of the increasing heroin and prescription  drug and fentanyl crisis in this country, which is now at epidemic  levels. That is why the STOP Act is so important--the Synthetic  Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act, which we are trying to get  passed here, as well as the Prescription Drug Monitoring Act, which is  so important. There is a connection.   Human trafficking requires urgent action, and so does the opioid  epidemic. On human trafficking, including sex trafficking, we are now  told it is a $150 billion a year industry. Think about that. It is the  second biggest criminal enterprise in the world behind the drug trade.  Unfortunately, again, it is happening in all of our States.   Just last month, a 26-year-old man was indicted on human trafficking  charges. He used backpage.com to advertise the availability of two  girls, ages 15 and 17. He advertised them for sex and trafficked them  out to several hotels in the area. Thankfully, in this case, members of  the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force rescued both of the  victims, one in Columbus and one in Toledo.   Cases like this are alarming, but they are happening all over the  place. At the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, experts  on this issue report an 846-percent increase in reports of suspected  child sex trafficking from 2010 to 2015. That is an increase of more  than 800 percent in 5 years. The organization found this spike to be  ``directly correlated to the increased use of the internet to sell  children for sex.'' Again, it is the dark side of the internet, and  trafficking has now moved from the street corner to the cell phone.   To confront this problem, as chairman of the Permanent Subcommittee  on Investigations, along with my colleague and ranking member, Senator  Claire McCaskill, now Senator Tom Carper, I opened a bipartisan  investigation into sex traffickers and their use of the internet. The  investigation began over 2 years ago. The National Center for Missing &  Exploited Children now says that nearly three-fourths--73 percent--of  all suspected child sex trafficking reports it receives from the  general public are linked to one website, backpage.com.   According to leading anti-trafficking organizations, including Shared  Hope International, service providers working with child sex  trafficking victims have reported that between 80 percent and 100  percent of their clients have been bought and sold on backpage.com.  Backpage now operates in 97 countries--934 cities worldwide--and is  valued at well over one-half billion dollars. According to an industry  analysis, in 2013, $8 of every $10 spent on online commercial sex  trafficking advertising in the United States goes to this one website,  backpage.com.   As I said earlier, they say that they lead the industry in screening;  in fact, their top lawyer described their screening process as a key  tool for disrupting and eventually ending human trafficking. That is  not true. Despite these boasts, the website and its owners have  consistently refused to cooperate with our investigations on the  Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. With regard to our inquiries,  despite subpoenas for company documents on how they screen  advertisements, they have also refused to provide us documents after a  subpoena. As a result, this body, the U.S. Senate, last year, for the  first time in more than 20 years, voted to  [[Page S3978]]  pass a civil contempt citation--in other words, holding backpage.com in  contempt and requiring them to supply these documents and come forward  with this information or else face a lawsuit and potential criminal  violations. Finally, last August, after going through the district  court, the Circuit Court, all the way to the Supreme Court, we were  able to get their request to appeal it rejected, and we were able to  get the documents.   Over 1 million documents were eventually turned over, including  emails and internal documents. We went through them all, and what we  found was very troubling, to say the least. After reviewing the  documents, the subcommittee published a staff report in January that  conclusively showed that backpage is more deeply complicit in online,  underage sex trafficking than anyone ever imagined. The report shows  that backpage has knowingly covered up evidence by systematically  deleting words and images suggestive of the illegal conduct, including  child sex trafficking. The editing process sanitized the content of  millions of advertisements in order to hide important evidence from law  enforcement. I encourage people to take a look at this report. They can  look at it on our website and other websites here from myself or  Senator McCaskill.   Backpage CEO Carl Ferrer personally directed his employees to create  an electronic filter to delete hundreds of words indicative of sex  trafficking or prostitution from ads before they were published. In  other words, they knew these ads were about selling girls, selling  women online; yet they published them.   Again, this filter they used did not reject ads because of the  obvious illegal activity. They edited the ads only to try to cover up  the illegal activity. It didn't change what was advertised; it changed  the way it was advertised. Backpage did nothing to stop this criminal  activity. They facilitated it, knowingly.   What did they do? Well, afraid to erode their profits--they were  afraid because, as Mr. Ferrer said, in his words, it would ``piss off a  lot'' of customers. They began deleting words. Beginning in 2010,  backpage automatically deleted words including ``lolita,'' referencing  a 12-year-old girl in a book sold for sex, ``teenage,'' ``rape,''  ``young,'' ``little girl,'' ``teen,'' ``fresh,'' ``innocent,'' ``school  girl,'' even ``amber alert''--and then they published the edited  versions of those ads on their website. They also systematically  deleted dozens of words related to prostitution. This filter made these  deletions before anyone at backpage even looked at the ad.   When law enforcement officials asked for more information about the  suspicious ads, backpage had destroyed the original ad posted by the  trafficker, so the evidence was gone. This notion that they were trying  to help law enforcement flies in the face of the fact that they  actually destroyed the evidence that would have helped law enforcement.   We will never know for sure how many girls and women were victimized  as a result of this activity. By backpage's own estimate, the company  was editing 70 to 80 percent of the ads in their adult section by late  2010. Based on our best estimate, this means that backpage was editing  more than one-half million ads a year--more than one-half million ads a  year.   At a hearing on the report, the backpage CEO and other company  officials pled the Fifth Amendment, invoking their right against self- incrimination rather than responding to questions we had about the  report and its findings.   We also heard powerful testimony from parents whose children had been  trafficked on backpage. One mother talked about seeing her missing  daughter's photograph on backpage. She frantically called the company  to tell them that it was her daughter--they finally found her--and to  please take down the ad. Their response: Did you post the ad?   Her response: Of course I didn't post the ad. That's my daughter.  Please take down the ad.   Their response: We can take it down only if you pay for the ad.   Talk about heartless.   Based on our report, it is clear that backpage actively facilitated  sex trafficking taking place on its website in order to increase  profits at the expense of vulnerable women and children. Then, after  the fact, they covered up the evidence of these crimes.   What is happening to these kids is terrible. It is not just tragic.  To me, it is evil.   No one is interested in shutting down legitimate commercial activity  and speech. As I said earlier, the Communication Decency Act plays an  important role, but we want to stop this criminal activity.   I see some of my colleagues are here to speak. I appreciate their  allowing me to finish, but I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to join me in reforming these laws to be able to protect  these innocent victims, these children.   I yield back my time.   