 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. Lipinski, for  yielding and for his thoughtful and passionate leadership in combating  climate change, and thanks to the strong bipartisan cross section of  Members who have come to the floor tonight to talk about the importance  of tackling climate change.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on my colleagues, all of them, to  join the bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus. I started this caucus  with my fellow Floridian, Congressman Carlos Curbelo, to start a new  dialogue around climate and Congress because we are already facing  difficult challenges. We can't ignore it. We can't bury it in political  fights. We need to have an open discussion not only for our future, but  for the impact of climate change that we are facing today.   It is no coincidence that this project started with two Members from  south Florida. A 2015 study projected that some south Florida cities  could be underwater within this century. The study's author said some  cities appear already to be lost.   Climate change is already here for Floridians. The effects have hit  Florida first.   Scientists have warned of warming average global temperatures and the  changing climate for decades. Dr. Andrew Clarke of the British  Antarctic Survey has spent 40 years at the bottom of the planet  watching it disappear. Dr. Clarke said: ``You can see the entire  environment changing in front of your eyes.''   We now have climate change right before our eyes in south Florida. We  see the rate of sea level rise outpace the global rate tenfold. We see  the high-water mark jump 1 inch every  [[Page H8378]]  year. Just this week, we see the tides flooding our neighborhoods.   The limestone that serves as the foundation of our State is porous.  Saltwater pushes up through the limestone from below the surface.   Lower bridge heights will block boats from reaching open waters. With  165 miles of canals, Fort Lauderdale faces significant threats of  rising seas. Who in south Florida hasn't driven around their  neighborhood and noticed more puddles, more water accumulating on the  sidewalks and streets?   While many Americans might be able to ignore climate change, ignore  the science, based on their own personal experience and your own  personal experience at home, we can't. Looking out our windows, we see  what is already there.   By the year 2100, almost 300 U.S. cities would lose at least half of  their homes, and 36 American cities could be completely destroyed. One  in eight Florida homes could be underwater. Those Florida homes  represent half of the total expected loss in housing value caused by  climate change over the next 84 years. These aren't risks of a distant  future. These are the burdens we are placing on our children and on our  grandchildren.   In response, and through the work of the South Florida Climate  Compact, Miami Beach has initiated a sea level rise plan to lift roads,  build up seawalls, and install pumps to clear water in the streets.  Fort Lauderdale is fixing roads and drains and sending vacuum trucks  into the streets to prevent saltwater damage, upgrading building codes  and flood elevation requirements, and requiring higher seawalls.   In Florida, you can't put climate change out of sight or out of mind,  but it is not just hitting Florida and it is not just the sea level  rise or increasing temperatures.   The National Climate Assessment has documented regional climate  impacts hitting every area of the United States:   In the Northeast and Midwest, dramatic increases in heavy  precipitation events overwhelm drains and levies, causing flooding and  accelerating erosion;   In the Great Plains and Southwest, drought and wildfires strain  demands for scarce water resources;   In Alaska, receding sea ice and melting glaciers are damaging  infrastructure;   On the coasts, increases in carbon dioxide and warming seas lead to  coral bleaching and ocean acidification that is taking its toll on  fisheries and the ecosystems.   The diverse and interconnected impacts that we already see throughout  our country explain why we already have 60 Members who belong to this  new dialogue, the Climate Solutions Caucus, 30 Democrats and 30  Republicans committed to changing the conversation and pushing  solutions that will create more resilient communities.   We are committed to understanding the impacts of climate change, the  impact on our national security; to investing in clean, innovative  energy protection; to protecting our public health; and to overcoming  the political obstacles that hold up public policy solutions.   It is time for Congress to come together and admit the challenges  that our constituents are already facing at home. It is time to build  consensus.   Through the bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus, we have brought  together Members from regions in every part of the country who are  experiencing their own climate change challenges. I invite every Member  of the House of Representatives to join us. Lift up the voices of your  constituents, your farmers, your city officials, your developers,  doctors, scientists, and, most importantly, the families whom you  represent.   If you are watching at home, call your Member of Congress and urge  them to join the Climate Solutions Caucus and help us start the  difficult work of building truly bipartisan consensus that will help us  tackle climate change together and help us create resilient American  communities of the future.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Mr. Lipinski, again for  organizing tonight's discussion.   