 Mr. President, as the Senate continues to consider  nominees to lead our Nation's top agencies, we are once again faced  with the difficult decision to confirm an individual whose interests  run counter to the mission of the agency he or she will be tasked to  lead. Dr. Scott Gottlieb, the nominee for Commissioner of the U.S. Food  and Drug Administration, FDA, is another such nominee.   Dr. Scott Gottlieb is a physician and current medical consultant for  pharmaceutical, medical device, and other healthcare companies. From  2003 to 2007, Dr. Gottlieb was a senior adviser to the FDA Commissioner  for Medical Technology. He was also the Deputy Commissioner for Medical  and Scientific Affairs under two different FDA Commissioners. In 2013,  Dr. Gottlieb served on the Federal Health IT Policy Committee for the  Department of Health and Human Services. He also  [[Page S2841]]  worked as an adviser to Mitt Romney during his 2012 Presidential  campaign.   While I appreciate that Dr. Gottlieb has qualifying experience, I  remain concerned about his policies and conflicts of interest. For  instance, while serving as the FDA's Deputy Commissioner, Dr. Gottlieb  defended the Bush administration's position to deny the availability of  certain contraceptive care drugs over-the-counter, despite the science  that pointed to lifesaving benefits from such drugs. Additionally,  while serving with Kure, a company that operates vaping and ecigarette  products, Dr. Gottlieb was noncommittal in supporting regulations over  commerce in such products, which directly targets young kids through  marketing, when there is a lack of appropriate medical science to  suggest vaping and ecigarettes are less harmful than tobacco products.  He has also historically sought ways to ensure that the Family Smoking  Prevention and Tobacco Control Act of 2009 can better support the  industry instead of better protecting patients and their families. This  is especially problematic, given that the law provided the FDA with the  authority to regulate tobacco in order to further curb smoking.   I am also concerned with Dr. Gottlieb's public disagreement with  proposals that would allow patients to access affordable medications  through drug importation. I have always supported policies that would  allow patients to access safe and affordable medications from Canada  because this is a cost-effective method to provide patients with the  resources they need to manage their health needs. Of course, Dr.  Gottlieb has long been an outspoken critic of the Affordable Care Act,  ACA, making troubling assertions along the way. He has been quoted as  opposing the ACA's medical loss ratio, which ensures that the dollars  consumers pay on their healthcare go to just that and not to CEO  salaries and overhead costs. He has also publically opposed the  individual mandate and has supported converting the ACA's premium tax  credits from an income-based to an age-based rating system, which would  significantly bar patient access to quality, affordable care.   Most concerning are Dr. Gottlieb's undeniable ties to some of the  largest pharmaceutical companies in the marketplace. As an adviser for  New Enterprises Associates, Dr. Gottlieb currently manages more than 40  drugs now in development that could come before the FDA for approval.  He has also received compensation from many of these companies, earning  more than $400,000 from multiple pharmaceutical and medical device  companies from 2013 to 2015 alone. Dr. Gottlieb also served on six  pharmaceutical company boards, two insurance company boards, one  medical laboratory company board, and several other similar boards, all  of which have hundreds of drugs currently awaiting FDA approval.  Without proper recusal, which Dr. Gottlieb has not committed himself to  in full, these conflicts are in direct contradiction to the ethics and  objective work required of the Commissioner of the FDA.   The leader of the FDA has a firm responsibility in promoting policies  and overseeing drug development with the purpose of enhancing the  health and well-being of the American people. We should put ourselves  in the shoes of the American people, our constituents, in evaluating  nominees to head agencies that bear directly on the public's healthcare  needs. Given Dr. Gottlieb's significant conflicts of interest, combined  with his ideological approaches to public health policy, which suggest  that he would rather deny patients access to lifesaving resources than  support ways to improve healthcare and promote prevention efforts for  all, I cannot in good conscience support his nomination.   