 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise in opposition to this bill, and I adopt many of the premises  that my friend, Mr. Walz, adopted.   I also adopt the premise of Dr. Roe, who is a really dear friend of  mine, that Tim Walz is the kind of guy you wouldn't mind riding across  the country with. That is because he is honest, he is knowledgeable,  and he is sincere. Frankly, I attribute all of those same  characteristics to Dr. Roe.   But, Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this bill. Everybody on  this floor agrees that our veterans deserve the best care possible.  There is no debate about that. All of us in this House are focused on  that goal. But this bill does nothing to meet that goal, in my view.  This bill is part of--and I do not ascribe it to Dr. Roe--a  significantly long history of a partisan effort to scapegoat Federal  civil servants that has been going on for decades, long before Dr. Roe  got in it or Mr. Walz got in it.   It is a follow-on to the dangerous hiring freeze the Trump  administration imposed in January and the repeated attempts over the  last several years to extract more and more cuts from Federal  employees' pay and benefits, which contributed over $150 billion in  cuts in pay and benefits over the last 6 years. Stripping away the  rights of VA employees to work in a nonpartisan, professional  environment will not improve the care our veterans and their families  deserve and expect from the VA medical system.   This bill, in my view, would undermine the collective bargaining  rights--I am a very strong supporter of collective bargaining rights-- of VA employees serving as doctors, nurses, physical therapists, and  others in critical jobs, and disrupt the collaborative relationship  between VA managers and employees that is essential to a successful  workplace environment.   Many years ago--almost 100 years ago--we adopted a civil service  system. The premise of that system is we ought to have professional  employees--not political employees, not political appointees--not  subject to change because of the political whims that may be blowing  one way or the other. This bill risks demoralizing those who have  tirelessly been working to help our veterans reintegrate into civilian  life in communities across this country.   Let me make it clear--and I am sure Dr. Roe is not surprised when I  say this--that I agree with Mr. Walz. If there is an employee who is  not performing well, that employee ought not to be kept on. But this  bill removes the process that was negotiated, or could be negotiated,  in a collective bargaining way. And if, by the way, it takes 300-plus  days, then perhaps this legislation could deal with that to shorten it.  There are ways this could be dealt with that, in my view, will not  undermine the civil service protections that are important not only for  the employees, but for the system itself.   I have no doubt there are measures that can be adopted to improve VA  performance and effectively and fairly discipline employees who engage  in misconduct. We ought not to tolerate that. But this bill does not  include them. I have not read Senator Isakson's bill, but perhaps that  is closer, and I look forward to reviewing it with both the chairman  and the ranking member.   This bill goes too far, shreds basic due process rights, in my view,  and punishes even model employees. And let me say as an aside, when I  say it undermines basic due process rights, part of those rights are to  have some time to get representation, to thoughtfully respond, to have  some discovery as to what is going on here, what is being alleged, why  is it being alleged, and who is alleging it. This bill eviscerates  that, in some respects.   I am proud to represent 62,000 Federal employees in Maryland's Fifth  District, including many who work at the VA's clinic in Charlotte Hall  and in Camp Springs in the neighboring Fourth District. We ought to  remember, Mr. Chairman, that when we undermine our Federal workforce  and our ability to recruit and retain the best and brightest, we  undermine our government's ability to serve the American people. So  this is not just about present employees. It is about those who might  consider employment in the future.   Mr. Chairman, I hope we don't make the mistake of, in effect,  throwing the baby out with the bath water. Let's not take away the  rights and protections of those who serve us so ably.   But, yes, I agree with Dr. Roe and with Ranking Member Walz. If there  are those who are not serving us well, yes, there ought to be a  process; it ought to be fair, it ought to provide time in which to  respond, not interminable time, so that we can have an agency of which  we can be proud and does what we all want--serve our veterans in a way  that we would expect,  [[Page H2118]]  demand, and that we are morally obligated to give.   