 Mr. President, since last week's all-Senators briefing  with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, some of my friends on the  other side of the aisle have alleged that his appointment of a special  counsel impedes the congressional investigation into Russian  interference in our elections and whether the Trump campaign was  involved. Nothing could be further from the truth.   The executive branch investigation under the special counsel looks at  criminal wrongdoing. The congressional investigation takes a broader  approach. The two can proceed on parallel tracks, as has happened many  times in the past. If anything the congressional investigation is doing  potentially interferes with the special counsel's activities, the two  parties will discuss it. It is a process called deconfliction. They  know how to do it. They have done it before. There is no reason  whatsoever for the congressional investigation to slow down or stop.   Mr. Mueller's appointment as special counsel in no way diminishes the  need for Congress to play an active role in helping to get to the  bottom of all the recent events. Let me repeat. This is our solemn  constitutional duty, the very bedrock of the separation of powers and  coequal branches of government designed by our Founding Fathers to  preserve something we all cherish: American liberty and American  democracy. Let me outline three things that should happen.   First, Intelligence Committee Chair Burr and Ranking Member Warner  should continue to pursue their committee's investigation into these  matters with just as much vigor. That investigation has been proceeding  in a bipartisan way, and it absolutely should continue as such. For  example, my friends Senators Burr and Warner have recently requested  financial records of key Trump campaign officials from the Treasury  Department. They should be given that information and continue to  pursue whatever other avenues they view as helpful to the committee's  investigation.   Second, Mr. Comey should testify in both the Judiciary and the  Intelligence Committees to discuss the events surrounding his  dismissal. The committees should be given access to memos he reportedly  drafted following interactions with President Trump, and Congress  should also be provided any transcripts or tapes the White House might  have of Mr. Comey's conversations with President Trump.   Third, the Intelligence Committee must be provided the details of  transcripts relating to President Trump's reported disclosure of  information to the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador. There is a  great deal of dispute about what was said at that meeting. The  committee should have access to both Mr. Comey's notes and the White  House's notes.   Finally, the Senate must demand the next FBI Director be nonpartisan,  independent, fearless, and of unimpeachable integrity, just as Mr.  Mueller is. A career politician of either party or anyone who suggests  a lack of impartiality should not be considered a fit choice for that  office. Every one of these, by the way, deals with congressional  oversight--some directly, like the appointment of an FBI Director; some  a little  [[Page S3052]]  more indirectly, such as figuring out what exactly was said in the room  with the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador, but all of it is  clearly within what the Constitution requires and the Founding Fathers  wanted Congress to be. So the congressional committees have really an  obligation to our democracy to continue their role.   