 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership in  this important matter, and I echo his words with respect to the staff,  Emily Murry and her team, as well as Whitney Daffner and Abby Finn in  my office.   Mr. Speaker, like the chairman, I had a front row seat in 2009 and  2010 to the passage of the Affordable Care Act and a front row seat to  all the promises made about this wonderful bill called the Affordable  Care Act.   Then, over the last 6 years, like the chairman, I heard from my  constituents and fellow Ohioans. I heard about their sad ObamaCare  stories of a road of broken ObamaCare promises.   There was a lady east of Columbus who had cancer. She was a survivor.  Fast-forward to a few years ago. She gets cancer again and finds out  that the oncologist that she had, she could no longer have. He was not  in the network. She could not go to the hospital in her community. She  had to go 60 miles away.   Or there is the small-business owner and his wife and family on the  individual market and now on the exchange not getting employer-provided  health care and, therefore, not getting the benefit. They saw their  plan price quadruple in the last several years. Mr. Speaker, we are  going to take care of that person and give them a tax credit so they  have the ability, just like employer-provided employee's health care.   In Ohio, last year, our CO-OP collapsed. We had 20,000 people without  health care. Many saw bills not being paid. Twenty counties in my State  had one provider and fewer choices.   Broken promises. Constituents can't keep their doctor, can't keep  their hospital. Constituents saw emergency room visits go up. It was  supposed to go down under the Affordable Care Act. Premiums and  deductibles are going up, not down, in my district.   One promise wasn't broken, and that is a government-mandated, one- size-fits-all Washington plan that many of my constituents didn't want  and others couldn't afford. That was their ObamaCare.   We can do better, and in this bill we do. In one step, in the first  step, more steps to come, we begin creating a patient-centered  healthcare system that will not only put more power in the hands of our  constituents, but it will also drive down healthcare costs.   Remember what they said in Ohio newspapers in my State about  ObamaCare: a tough pill to swallow, a nightmare, very taxing, just more  red tape. These aren't my words, Mr. Speaker; these are hardworking  Ohioans' words. They deserve better. They deserve more choices. They  deserve better access, the access and the choices they want for them  and their families.   We begin, Mr. Speaker, with this bill. We don't end here. There is  much more to do. We are putting the people's power back in their hands,  not in Washington's hands. Today, it is time for us to deliver.   