 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to speak on  this very important bill.   Mr. Speaker, Maine is vacationland. We have a population in Maine of  only 1.3 million people, but every year we have about 40 million  visitors to our great State.   We have thousands of sparkling, clean lakes and ponds, hundreds of  miles of swift-running rivers, and we have 3,600 miles of stunningly  beautiful coastline. I have never, ever, met anybody who has vacationed  in Maine who did not leave without a smile. It is just a great place to  live and bring up kids.   Now, the tourist industry employs about 150,000 people directly in  the State of Maine, and it is critical that we have a pristine  environment in Maine to further this industry.   Mr. Speaker, during the past 40 years, sadly, most of our paper  mills, our textile mills, and our shoe factories in the great State of  Maine have closed and, in many cases, they have left behind  contaminated brownfields contaminated with heavy metals and chemicals.   Now, those of us who have been blessed with children know how  critically important their health is. My mother is 89 and had a great  career as a nurse, and we grew up in our house with taking care of  others. I raised my son as a single parent, taking care of my son. I  understand how much easier it is to stay healthy and be healthy if you  are in a clean environment.   Mr. Speaker, that is why H.R. 3017 is so important. It makes sure  that we provide funding to clean up polluted contaminated brownfields  industrial sites.   Mr. Speaker, since 1994, hundreds of brownfields across this great  country have been cleaned up. When they are cleaned up, they are often  repurposed into athletic fields, schools, and hospitals. This, at the  same time, strengthens our local communities because they are put back,  in many cases, on the property tax rolls, if they are a private sector  development.   In the town of Millinocket, right smack in the middle of my district,  Miller's Department Store is an old building, decaying and full of  mold, and it is being benefited from a grant from this brownfields  program.   The T.W. Dick property in Gardiner, in central Maine, used to be a  steel fabricator. It is now contaminated with heavy metals and is  experiencing a new life because of this program.   Mr. Speaker, cleaning up our environment to help our kids stay safe  and healthy should not ever be a partisan issue. This is as bipartisan  as you could possibly find. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I am encouraging  Republicans and Democrats alike to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 3017. Let's do  something common sense, provide the funding to clean up these  brownfields sites and repurpose this land for the betterment of our  families.   