 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  would like to start today by congratulating him on taking the reins of  the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology. That subcommittee is  a critical part of the Energy and Commerce Committee and serves an  important role for Congress as a whole. Congresswoman Eshoo left big  shoes to fill, but I am confident that, with Ranking Member Doyle and  his longtime expertise in this area, the subcommittee is in capable  hands.   I also thank our colleague from Tennessee, who is now the chairwoman  of the subcommittee. The gentlewoman basically summarized what I was  going to say about this bill, so I will try not to be too repetitive.  But I do want to ask support for my bill, H.R. 588, the Securing Access  to Networks in Disasters Act, or SANDy Act.   Superstorm Sandy had a traumatic effect on my district back in New  Jersey, and we saw firsthand how critical communication networks can be  damaged during emergencies. Broadcast and cable networks provide  crucial information that helps us stay out of harm's way, and phone and  Internet access makes sure we can call for help and keep track of our  loved ones.   Unfortunately, when Sandy ripped through the Northeast, many of these  networks went down when we needed them most. Across the region, nearly  1 in 4 cell towers were knocked out. But in some of the hardest-hit  areas of New Jersey, as many as half of the towers were actually down.  Many of them stayed down for weeks. That is why I have spent the past  several years figuring out what went right and what went wrong.   Initially, I worked with the Nation's largest wireless carriers and  the Federal Communications Commission to put together a voluntary  resiliency framework. That framework, as Mrs. Blackburn mentioned,  makes sure that if one cell network goes down, like AT&T did during  Sandy in my district, its customers can access another network, like  Verizon, that was still operational.   Everyone, I think, should be able to call for help as long as any  signal is available.   Mr. Speaker, the voluntary resiliency framework will save lives  during major emergencies in the future, and I would like to thank the  wireless carriers and the FCC for working with me to craft that  comprehensive agreement. Having these networks operational can mean the  difference between life and death during an event like Superstorm  Sandy.   The other major problem during Sandy was the inability of  communications services to repair their equipment. The SANDy Act will  recognize the critical role that wireline and mobile telephone,  Internet, radio, and TV broadcast, cable and satellite services play  during emergencies.   For example, ``The RAT,'' which is a radio station at the Jersey  Shore, switched from music to 24-hour news coverage right after Sandy,  and that helped people to access vital services in the days after the  storm.   These providers will receive, pursuant to the SANDy Act, priority  access to otherwise restricted areas during emergencies like other  utilities to help them repair and maintain their communications  equipment during disasters.   The SANDy Act will begin a process to provide 911 services over WiFi  hotspots during emergencies.   Mr. Speaker, this is truly a commonsense, bipartisan bill. It passed  the House last Congress on a vote of 389-2. I urge all Members to  support the bill.   I understand the bill has been scheduled for a markup in the Senate  tomorrow. So, hopefully, once they do their work, we can get this bill  to the President and signed into law.   Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have no more  speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time.   