 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   The Senator from Louisiana.    Mr. President, let me just tell my colleagues where I am  coming from.   Under the current system--ObamaCare as we know it--the money to help  people buy insurance and the money for Medicaid expansion, those two  pools of money--here is what happens under ObamaCare: California is  21.39 percent of all the money, and they are 12.15 percent of the  population. Maryland gets 2.35 percent of the money, and they are 1.86  percent of the population. Massachusetts gets 6.67 percent of all the  money, and they are 2.11 percent. New York gets 8.62 percent, and they  are 6.11 percent. That is a lot of math for a guy who didn't do well in  math. So 39 percent of all the money goes to four States that represent  22 percent of the population. I like these people. They are all good  Americans. I just don't like them that much. The bottom line is, the  rest of us--46 States--get 60 percent to divide up among ourselves. How  can that be?   Senator Cassidy explained that the current system is weighted to the  benefit of four States at the expense of the rest of us. I would like  to fix that, and if you don't live in one of those States, you will  want to fix it too.   What I want to do is take the money that we are spending under  ObamaCare and block grant it back to the States so that we can level  out the disparity in funding but go even further and allow people in  each State to develop healthcare systems that meet the needs of that  State.   If you are for single-payer healthcare, you will hate this idea  because that will be the end of single-payer healthcare because the  money and the power will leave Washington and it will go back to people  where they live. It will be healthcare closest to the patient. So if  you believe that  [[Page S4255]]  government is better--closer to the voter, closer to the people--if the  idea of government close to the people is a good idea, I would argue  that healthcare closer to the patient is a good idea.   I regret we didn't think of this sooner.   What Senator Cassidy said is that our goal is to make sure that no  matter in what State you live, you are going to get X amount of  dollars, and it is going to be fairly equal no matter where you live.  If you live in a State with a unique disease problem or an aged State,  you will get a little bit more because you will need a little bit more.   The model we have today is really disproportionate. It doesn't work.  It is driving up healthcare costs all over the country. People are  dropping coverage because the ObamaCare mandates are too expensive.   So what we are doing is we are leaving the taxes on the wealthy in  place. To my conservative friends, I am sorry, but that is what we are  going to have to do to make this work. We eliminate the medical device  tax because that hurts innovation. We eliminate the individual employer  mandate because that stifles the whole idea of having creativity at the  State level. We leave the taxes on the wealthier Americans in place. We  are able to take that money, plus money we would give to insurance  companies to stabilize the national market, and block grant it back to  the States with a formula that is fairer.   Let me tell my colleagues what that would look like. Let me drill  down to what two States do, by the way. California and Massachusetts by  themselves are 28 percent of all ObamaCare money and 14 percent of the  population.   Let's look at Alabama. Beginning in 2020, you are going to get 200  percent more. How can that be? It is where you start from. The people  in Alabama are going to get a lot more money because when you look at  the money coming through the ObamaCare system to the good people of  Alabama and how we spend per patient, you are way behind. You are going  to get a lot of money to catch up with what should be the national  average.   Our friends in California are going to get a 38-percent reduction,  but we are going to give you time to adjust for that. There is going to  be a wind-down period. It is not going to happen overnight. There will  be a fund that can help you if you can prove you have a unique  population of people who are sicker and older.   To my good friend from Colorado, you get 42 percent more. How can  that be? Under ObamaCare, the money that was going to these four States  gets a little higher percentage if you block grant. Not only will you  get 42 percent more money than ObamaCare would give the good people of  Colorado, you actually get a chance to spend the money unique to the  needs of Colorado.   Let's go to Oklahoma, since we have a guy from Oklahoma here whom we  like a lot. You get 200 percent. Congratulations. Why do you get 200  percent? You are starting way behind everybody else. The bottom line  is, we want to catch you up beginning in 2020. We are going to have to  take away from some other people because they are hoggish.   New York, California, we want to help you transition, but the rest of  us are not going to sit on the sidelines anymore and watch you take  most of the money. We are going to begin to level this out.   Where is South Carolina? I have a unique interest in that State. How  did we do? We get 123 percent. That shows you where we start from.   In about 6 years, we are all going to meet. It is going to take 6 or  7 years to level this all out, and we are going to get more. Other  States are going to get a little bit less. The ones that are about  where they need to be will get about the same.   The big benefit for all of us is, the people in your backyard get to  make decisions about healthcare rather than a Washington bureaucrat  whom you will never meet. The big thing about this to me is, you have a  voice now as a consumer.   Right now, if you don't like your healthcare under ObamaCare, whom do  you complain to? Do you complain to your Congressman? I guess your  Senator. At the end of the day, most of ObamaCare is administered by  the Federal Government through a bureaucracy. We don't manage  healthcare in the Senate.   Under this construct, the same amount of money is going to go back to  your backyard, and you will get a better deal if you are starting on  the tail end of this now. If you don't like what is going on in your  State, you can actually complain to somebody whom you vote for in the  statehouse. You can go to your State capital and complain to your  Governor.   The likelihood that the person you are complaining to goes to the  same hospital as you and your family goes up. Wouldn't it be nice to be  able to complain to somebody who is in the same boat you are who goes  to the same healthcare network because they live in your neighborhood?   To me, the most innovative thing we could do in healthcare in America  is allow people in their own backyard to design healthcare systems that  meet the unique needs of that State and give consumers a voice that  really can be heard because, under this model, your statehouse and your  Governor are going to have a lot of flexibility. They can't spend it on  roads and bridges. They have to spend it on healthcare.   If they get really efficient, the savings they will accrue stays in  that State to even do more for healthcare so you will have a race for  efficiency rather than just a race to write bigger and bigger checks.   The big benefit to me is, if you are a healthcare consumer, you will  finally have somebody you know you can talk to about what works and  what doesn't.   We are about to talk about how we end this debate. I hope this idea  will be looked at by not just Republicans but Democrats. If you are  from West Virginia--our good friend Joe Manchin--West Virginia gets 43  percent more dollars under the block grant than they would ObamaCare.  West Virginia gets to determine how to spend that money more under the  block grant than they would under ObamaCare. You can't spend it on  roads and bridges, but you have to spend it on healthcare.   There are three things we are trying to achieve. We are not going to  let four States take most of the money, a disproportionate share of the  money. Over time, we are going to create a system--no matter where you  live--you are going to get roughly the same amount of money from the  Federal Government, but the money comes in a bock grant so the people  in that State can use it without being dictated to by a Washington  bureaucrat as long as it is on healthcare. The biggest thing we give  you is a chance to have a voice about your healthcare because the  people in charge of your healthcare will be in your own backyard, not  in Washington, somebody who doesn't know you, you will never get to  meet, and quite frankly doesn't understand your world.   I hope we can rally around this. These are not 100 percent done  numbers. Generally speaking, this is pretty accurate. It came from the  Labor-HHS people. It may change a little bit, but when you start the  debate with four States getting 40 percent of the money, clearly most  of us are going to get more. When you see these big numbers like our  friends in Oklahoma and Montana, the reason you are getting so much  more now is that the current system leaves you behind in an unfair way.   My goal is, if you live in Oklahoma, New York, and California, the  Federal Government is going to provide healthcare resources as equal as  possible, but those resources will be managed by people in the State,  not bureaucrats in Washington.   I hope over the coming day and a half that maybe we can rally around  an idea that we should have started with to begin with. I don't mind  being generous when it comes to putting money on the table to make sure  people can afford healthcare. The tradeoff is as follows. We leave most  of the ObamaCare taxes in place because we need a funding stream to  level out the inequities. We are going to have a tax cut bill later. I  want a flatter tax, a smaller corporate tax, and lower individual  taxes, but this revenue stream coming from wealthy Americans is going  to be used in a different fashion. It is going to provide resources to  States that they can manage, unlike ObamaCare where one-size-fits-all.  [[Page S4256]]    To me, this is a tradeoff. To the people in West Virginia, I am not  asking you to take less and have a tax cut for rich people. We are  going to keep the wealthy taxes in place. I am asking the people of  West Virginia to take 43 percent more money. It is not a trick. Use it  wisely.   Thank you all. I hope over the next day we can inform you about how  your State benefits. To those States who are going to have to ramp  down, the only reason you are ramping down is you are taking so much  more from the rest of us. Quite frankly, that is not fair. We want to  be fair to you and give you a chance to adjust, but the rest of us  should stand up and say it is not fair that an American in California  or New York or Massachusetts--all fine States--gets 40 percent of the  money. That is not right.   It is not right to have a one-size-fits-all healthcare system because  you will not get the best product. The best product will come from  innovation. Your strongest voice will come from having a say to people  who live in your same community, talking to a politician who sends  their kids to the same hospital you do. That is what this is all about.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lee). Time will be equally charged to both  sides.   The Senator from Oklahoma.   