 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the committee for  his hard work and his defense of those who wear the uniform and take on  that tough task. In these tough and troubling times, especially in  financial austerity, he stood up and let everybody know how the  military, in actual dollars over the last 8 years, has been cut  significantly, and the impact on our national security.   In that vein, my goal with this amendment is to prioritize those  limited defense resources on efforts that pose an immediate and direct  threat to our national security.   This amendment would strike section 336 of the NDAA, which strikes  the requirement for the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on the  vulnerability to military installations and combatant commander  requirements resulting from climate change over the next 20 years.   I am not here to debate climate change, whether it is real or it is  not, how it is created, how we fix it, and all that stuff. That is for  another day. My point is that this shouldn't be the priority of  combatant commanders in our military. The United States military is  currently operating in a very complex threat environment in which our  country must be ready to face our adversaries.   Our country is facing direct threats from a myriad of sources,  including Islamic extremists: ISIS, al-Qaida, the  [[Page H5794]]  Taliban, Abu Sayyaf. The alphabet soup of names in that regard is  continuous and unrelenting: North Korea, China, Iran, Russia, even in  space.   Over the past 8 years, our military strength and readiness has  suffered as a result of the underfunding and neglect from the previous  administration that are in support of sequestration. Through the NDAA,  we simply must prioritize, decide what is most important and be for  that, and let our warfighters know where we stand.   These things must strengthen the rebuilding of our Armed Forces and  resolve their focus on what they need to pay attention to. Literally  litanies of other Federal agencies deal with environmental issues,  including climate change. This Federal mandate detracts from the  essential mission of the Department of Defense, which is to secure our  Nation from enemies, and is best left to the agencies that are better  suited to deal with these issues.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time remains?    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, it seems to me the Secretary of Defense  doesn't need Congress to tell him what the threats are. He knows what  the threats are.    I can tell you as a person who has been privileged for over 30 years  to wear the Nation's uniform--the Army, the military's uniform--and as  a person who was privileged to lead troops in combat in the Middle  East, I didn't need Congress to tell me who the enemy is or was. We  know that. We also don't need Congress to tell us to report the issues  that we might have in defending the Nation to the Congress or to the  Commander.   We know our duty, and we will do our duty. If we have issues that  need to be reported--whether it is sea level rise or the enemy has a  new weapon or we can't feed our troops or what have you--we will report  it, and we will resolve it. We don't need people in Washington, D.C.,  telling us how to run the war. That is our job. That is the military's  job.   This amendment simply says that we ought to prioritize that. We ought  to let them prioritize that. We ought to let combatant commanders--we  ought to let the men and women who wear the uniform and defend our  country focus on the enemy. If the enemy, indeed, is climate change,  then they will focus on that as well, and they will submit information  so that we can make decisions.   The point is, should somebody--should all of us in this uniform in  Washington, D.C.--be telling the fine men and women in uniform across  the globe defending our country that we know better? That is exactly  what I am trying to avoid here.   Little by little, drip by drip, we have watched our Nation's and  military's focus eroded--this and that. Believe me. I have filled out  the reports. As an officer, I have filled out a whole bunch of reports  on a regular basis that have nothing to do with completing the mission  of securing our Nation and defeating the enemy--nothing to do with it.  This is just one in the long line of them.   My only goal is to send this to where it needs to be--the agencies  best adapted to deal with it and take it out of the agencies that  shouldn't be dealing with it and should be dealing with securing our  Nation and fighting the enemy.   Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank Mrs. Hartzler, my good friend, for  offering this amendment.   Mr. Chair, we are $20 trillion in debt. Taxpayers, by my figures, are  projected to pay $3.7 billion over the next 10 years for sex  reassignment surgery and hormone therapy for those in the military who  wish to transition from one sex to another. The total cost includes the  manpower lost while the individual transitions, which can take up to a  year or longer, depending on complications.   Sex reassignment patients also require specialized medicine following  the procedure. And I find that interesting, in the face of the fact I  just had a young gentleman come to my office who wants to serve, but he  can't serve, because he has got a peanut allergy. Right? He can't go  downrange, because we can't have the medicine downrange, and that  doesn't cost the taxpayers anything, but we are going to spend $3.7  billion over the next 10 years on sex reassignment surgery as opposed  to buying aircraft and body armor and the things that warfighters need  to be successful in defending the Nation.   It is really just a priority issue. With limited defense resources  and the current state of our Armed Forces, we must prioritize  increasing our strength and readiness.   