 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from  Louisiana, for yielding.   Madam Speaker, as my colleagues in this body know very well, it has  been many years since we have reformed our Tax Code. Over the last few  decades, Congress has cut some taxes here and there, but we are overdue  for meaningful tax reform.   Hardworking taxpayers in North Carolina are right to ask why it has  been so long since we have even reformed our Tax Code. The unfortunate  truth is that, for many years, Congress has thrown up the white flag in  defeat against K Street lobbyists, and they settled for preserving the  status quo. However, tomorrow, we have a rare opportunity to finally  deliver a tax bill that puts working families first. The Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act would be the biggest overhaul to our Tax Code in 30 years.   To quickly summarize, this bill would collapse our tax brackets from  seven to four; it would double the standard deduction and get rid of  many lobbyist loopholes; and it would slash the corporate tax rate to  20 percent, which would allow America to compete and to win.   The nonpartisan Tax Foundation found that, if we passed this bill  into law, American workers would see a 3 percent increase in their  wages, and our country would see nearly 1 million full-time jobs  created   Madam Speaker, yesterday, my office received a letter from a  constituent of mine that said: ``As a manufacturer and constituent, I  urge you to support tax reform and legislation that will fix our Tax  Code that has held manufacturers back for far too long.'' This is just  an example of the many letters I have received in favor of this reform  effort.   In addition to letters of support that I have received, studies show  that, if we pass this bill, a typical household would see their taxes  cut nearly $2,000.   Let's think for a second what this means. Instead of the IRS taking  it, families could spend it on their children. They could put it in  their savings, or they could pay off debts.   I am supporting this bill so we no longer hold manufacturers back  from success. I am supporting this bill because it would make life  simpler and easier for job creators, savers, and hardworking families.   Last week, in this body, I addressed the fact that there are certain  provisions within this bill that my colleagues and I may differ on, and  I noted that that is just always going to be the case, but I also  suggested that we ask ourselves three questions.   The first question was: Does this bill cut taxes for the vast  majority of hardworking American families?   The second was: Will it bring back jobs?   And the third question was: Will this bill simplify the tax filing  process for working families next year and in the years to come?   Madam Speaker, the answer to all three of those questions was  ``yes.'' I urge my colleagues to vote tomorrow in favor of the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act.   Last year, President Trump promised to cut taxes for working  families, and that is exactly what this bill will do.   