 Mr. President, last night we held a cloture vote on the  nomination of Amy Coney Barrett, who has been nominated to the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.   Thanks to a unanimous consent request by the majority leader just  moments ago, we will be voting on that nomination at around 4 p.m. That  appeals court covers cases from Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin.   By all accounts, Professor Barrett is a devoted wife and the mother  of seven children. She is also an exemplary scholar whose research  focuses on Federal courts, constitutional law, and statutory  interpretation. By all accounts, she is a consummate professional, a  beloved teacher, a gifted writer, and a generous person. There is no  doubt in my mind she would make an excellent addition to one of our  Nation's highest courts.   We know, based on what we have observed in the Senate since President  Trump was sworn in on January 20--and some of the comments made by the  distinguished former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee from  Utah, Senator Hatch--we know that our Democratic colleagues are  deliberately slow-walking judicial and other nominations, but it makes  absolutely no sense to slow-walk the nomination of Professor Barrett.   They should remember some of their own previous statements. For  example, the senior Senator from Vermont said in 2013: ``We need more  women in our Federal courts,'' emphasizing that ``women are grossly  underrepresented'' there. Well, Professor Barrett would help solve what  the Senator from Vermont claimed he saw as a problem.   The junior Senator from Washington that same year said that having  more females on the court is ``incredibly important.'' I agree. That is  all the more reason for this body to expedite Professor Barrett's  confirmation instead of dragging our heels because, as I said  yesterday, thanks to the former Democratic majority leader, Harry Reid,  the Democratic's delay tactics will not change the outcome.   In the Judiciary Committee, some Democrats attempted to argue against  Professor Barrett's nomination because of the Law Review article she  coauthored almost 20 years ago. I don't have time to discuss the  article in depth, but suffice it to say that Professor Barrett has been  attacked for, in effect, professing her Catholic faith.   Her article, however, makes clear that any line of criticism that she  would somehow subjugate the rule of law and the Constitution to her  religious views is baseless. That same Law Review article said:  ``Judges cannot--nor should they try to--align our legal system with  the Church's moral teaching whenever the two diverge.'' In other words,  Professor Barrett is a strong proponent of upholding the rule of law  over privately held desires for what it should say, whether they are  based on one's religious convictions or some other reason.   Former Chief Justice William Rehnquist once said that no judicial  nominee is a tabula rasa--a blank slate. That is also true of Ms.  Barrett. She is a person of faith who doesn't hide it, and she  certainly need not apologize for it either, nor is it a  disqualification for her serving as a judge on the circuit court of  appeals.   The article she coauthored 20 years ago stated that judges should not  shy away from honoring and upholding core tenets of their religious  faith and recusing or disqualifying themselves when--in very rare  cases--judicial decision making may constitute cooperation with evil.  In other words, if there were a conflict between her religious beliefs  and the law in a way that she could not reconcile, clearly she would  make that choice, in an individual and rare case, by recusing herself  from deciding that case rather than imposing her religious views or  other deeply held personal views in place of the Constitution and the  law. That is commendable. It is not controversial--or it shouldn't be.  To attempt to faithfully honor both the law and one's deeply held moral  convictions is what we all do every day. It is not an either/or  situation.   Some liberal interest groups have engaged in smear tactics against  Professor Barrett. They are trying to discredit her by making spurious  claims about organizations that she has given presentations to and by  distorting the text of the very article I just mentioned. We all  remember, for example, questions during the Judiciary Committee hearing  about ``orthodox Catholics.'' One of my colleagues admitted to having  an ``uncomfortable feeling'' about the nominee and stated with mild  disdain that ``the dogma lives loudly within'' Professor Barrett-- whatever that means. This sort of backhanded way of painting the  professor as somehow radical or out of the mainstream, insinuating that  because her moral views may be unfashionable in some of the circles in  which some of the Senators operate--the idea that they are somehow  disqualifying should  [[Page S6906]]  be completely out of bounds in the United States of America because our  Constitution prohibits religious tests for public service.   In the strongest of terms, I reject this line of questioning or the  insinuation that follows from it. If we tolerate this sort of  commentary and these religious tests, I fear that even worse, more  openly hostile religious discrimination will result down the road. We  should not start down this path.   I join my colleague, the senior Senator from Utah, who questioned  quite legitimately whether certain of our colleagues were beginning to  impose an inappropriate, unconstitutional, and highly disconcerting  religious litmus test for public office. Of course, there should never  be such a test, not in the United States of America under this  Constitution.   In Professor Barrett's case, she passes with flying colors the only  tests that are appropriate. Let's talk for a moment about her  impeccable credentials, which show not only that she is highly  intelligent but also that she is widely respected by a diverse array of  students, scholars, and practitioners.   She received her undergraduate degree magna cum laude from Rhodes  College and her law degree summa cum laude from the University of Notre  Dame, where she finished first in her law school class. She has been  twice selected as the Distinguished Professor of the Year at Notre  Dame, where she has taught since the year 2002.   It is clear that her students love her. They seek out her classes and  are inspired by her formidable presence and her piercing analysis. All  of her fellow faculty members have endorsed her. Every full-time member  of the Notre Dame law faculty has supported her nomination. As on any  law school faculty, that presumably includes scholars who self-identify  as liberal.   In a separate letter, 70 law professors from across the country,  representing a broad range of political perspectives and areas of  expertise, called the professor's qualifications ``first-rate.'' They  strongly urged her confirmation by the Senate and explained that Ms.  Barrett ``enjoys wide respect for her careful work, her fair-minded  disposition, and her personal integrity.'' That is exactly the type of  person we need on the Federal bench.   Finally, Professor Barrett's legal experience is not just as an  academic; she clerked for two highly respected judges--Judge Laurence  Silberman of the DC Circuit and the late Justice Antonin Scalia of the  U.S. Supreme Court. She followed those clerkships by practicing  appellate law at the prestigious Houston-based law firm of Baker Botts.  These and other qualifications show that Professor Barrett would serve  the cause of justice skillfully and impartially.   I will close by saying to my colleagues, let's send Amy Barrett to  the Seventh Circuit, where she belongs.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   