 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, there is a lot of conversation about all  that is moving this week in the Senate and the House and the executive  branch. There is a lot of conversation about 100 days. It is somewhat  of a look back, and it is reasonable for Americans to be able to look  back and say the beginning of a new Presidency or the beginning of a  new session of Congress has begun and what has already happened. There  has been quite a bit that has actually happened, but let me highlight  one specific area. I want to highlight an area that has moved and to,  quite frankly, highlight an area that has not.    What has moved has been a lot of conversation about regulation. When  I walked into Congress just a few years ago, I had a lot of people in  my State who would catch me and ask for one specific thing. They said:  I don't want anything other than to make it stop. Because every time  they get news, every time they open up something from an association or  try to be able to track something, all they got was a new regulation.  Some of them were large and some small, but it seemed like every time  they opened the mail, they had a new requirement from some entity they  had never heard of, 1,000 miles away, telling them how to operate their  business or to submit some new form. Whether they are a school or a  hospital or a small business or a large business, whether they are  doing manufacturing or are service-oriented or technology, the flood of  regulations coming out of Washington, DC, caused people around my State  to say: Make it stop; we are trying to catch up. And literally they are  hiring more people for compliance than they are to actually do what  their business is designed to do. At some point, they want to hire  somebody to actually do their business.   A dramatic shift happened starting January 20 of this year when the  administration stepped in and for a moment said: Pause on regulations.  And literally the Nation could take a deep breath. They didn't turn  anything back. They didn't turn anything off. America didn't become  less safe. They asked a simple question: How can people actually get  involved in the process? And before a regulation comes out, we make  sure that it is, No. 1, consistent with the law, and No. 2, that the  people who are affected by it actually get a chance to raise their  hands and say: When you do a regulation, make sure you consider this.   It doesn't seem unreasonable. If we are going to be a nation of the  people, by the people, and for the people, it is a good idea to have  people involved in the process of the regulations that affect them. The  government should not be their enemy. The government should be their  ally. It should be the way to make sure that we have fair rules, that  everyone has a consistent set of guidelines and that those guidelines  don't change all the time.   Before this year, there had been only one time in the past decade  that the Congressional Review Act was used. The Congressional Review  Act was actually due to a fellow Oklahoman named Don Nickles who, in  the Senate years ago, passed a simple piece of legislation to say that  if a regulation is promulgated by an administration--any  administration--that is not consistent with the desires of Congress,  that Congress can pull it back out in the first few days after it was  passed, and most of the time, it is legislative days--it is actually  months in calendar time. In the first few months it is in existence,  Congress can pull that regulation out and look at it and say: Is this  consistent with what Congress passed? If it is not, Congress would have  a fast-track process to be able to look at it and say: This is  inconsistent with what Congress desired when it passed the law; that it  had to go through the House, the Senate, and then to the White House to  be signed. That has happened only one time.   In the past few months, Congress has passed now 13 Congressional  Review Acts--13 different reviews of different regulations that were  put down by the previous administration in their final months, some of  them in their final days of--the administration--an administration that  lasted 8 full years. These were the things they crammed into the very  end, what are called midnight regulations. Those regulations cost  billions of dollars, and some had very little review. Thirteen  different times this Congress has pulled those out. It is literally  billions of dollars in regulations that were laid on the economy and  millions of hours of work on people filling out compliance forms and  submitting things to Washington, DC, that most likely no one will ever  read.   Those thirteen bills that have now been signed into law have helped  free up our economy, and it has started a process that is very simple:  What do we do to make sure that we have good regulations as a nation,  that they stay consistent and have the maximum number of people  involved?   The administration has also laid out something that many called a  radical idea; that is, for every one regulation that goes in, an agency  would pull two out; to go back and review old regulations and say: Are  there other regulations that need to come out? For those who have  called this a radical idea, I have had to smile and say: You realize  the United Kingdom has done that for years. Canada has done that for  years. Australia has done that for years.  [[Page S2591]]    It is not a radical, crazy idea; it is a simple statement to say that  when regulations go in, we need to have consideration for those who are  already regulated and say: Are we burying them in new compliance  requirements? Is there an area where we can help free them of things  that are not needed anymore, that are old, that are not used or not  even appropriate anymore? It is a reasonable thing to be able to look  at. It is not in statute, it is an Executive order, but it is one of  those things that I think are wise for agencies to be able to take a  look at.   Every administration over the past several decades has said they are  going to do what is called a retrospective review--go back and look at  it. This administration has said: We are really going to look at it. If  a new regulation goes in, we have to go back and review and see if two  can come out at the same time, to force that retrospective review.   Many other areas of regulations are coming out, but the primary issue  that has come out is very simple; that is, slowing down the process and  making sure it is wise to be able to impose new regulations. We should  have them in health and safety areas, but we shouldn't do regulations  just because someone in Washington, DC, thinks it is a good idea to be  able to run everyone else's business.    With any set of decisions made by the executive branch, we should  resolve many of these things in law. The Congressional Review Act-- those are all in law. Those have all been settled. The executive  actions like the ``one in, two out''--that is an executive action. A  future executive can flip it back around and say: We are not going to  go back and review it at all.   I proposed a whole series of issues that we need to deal with on  regulatory actions. I chair the Regulatory Affairs Subcommittee, in  fact. We have had very bipartisan conversations to say: Where can we  find common ground, and what do we need to do to be able to resolve  this issue of regulations just showing up?   So we have set out a simple set of ideas, one beginning in small  business. If we are going to start with regulatory issues, let's start  in the area where we have the greatest amount of agreement; that is, on  small businesses. Small businesses should have an opportunity to have a  voice at the table. Now, when regulations are put out, often those  regulations are put out and only the largest businesses are consulted  on them--those that might have lobbyists or government relations or  have a team of attorneys to be able to go engage with the Federal  Government and get their input considered.   We required years ago that small businesses get a voice. The problem  is, many agencies actually don't do it. We need to be able to press the  issue and put into statute an absolute requirement that small  businesses be consulted. So when a regulation is created, the people  who are affected the most--like in my State of Oklahoma, where 97  percent of the businesses are small businesses--that those folks  actually get a voice.   It may shock some people in this Chamber to know that small business  owners in Oklahoma don't wake up every day and read the Federal  Register to see if there is an area they have to give notice and  comment to. It may be stunning to know that they don't have a team of  lawyers at every small business. In fact, there are towns in Oklahoma  where there are many small businesses but there is not a lawyer in that  town. We should not require every business to hire attorneys and to  read the Federal Register every day for them to be able to stay in  business. We should actually reach out to them and say: We are not  opposed to small businesses; we want to make sure we facilitate them.   Here is a simple idea of many ideas in the small business bill that I  have--not only getting greater input and to make sure they are in  consideration, but how about this simple idea: If there is a paperwork  violation for a small business, they are not fined immediately. They  have forgiveness for that first-time offense. Many of them didn't even  know there was a certain amount of paperwork that had to be turned in.  It showed up as a requirement in the Federal Register. They are running  their small business. They weren't tracking it. Someone comes in and  evaluates and says ``There is a piece of paper you haven't turned in''  and drops a $5,000, $10,000, $15,000 fine on them for not submitting  something, and they had no idea what it was.   First-time paperwork forgiveness is a simple idea. To actually be  engaged where the Federal Government can go to a small business and say  ``Hey, you missed one,'' and if they are not health or safety related  issues, we give them forgiveness in the process--why should that be so  hard for us to do?   We have another piece of legislation we proposed called early  participation in regulations. Before a regulation is written by an  agency, this would require that they actually put out the word that  they are thinking about writing a regulation on a certain topic and get  as much input as they can, so before they even write the regulation and  we are fighting over whether we should use ``or'' or ``and'' in a  section, we actually talk about whether it is needed at all, or if they  are going to write it, make sure it has these certain issues in it-- again, getting more people involved in the process.   Just a week ago, there was a march through this town and through many  towns saying: We need to have great science in our Nation. I could not  agree more. We should have quality science in our research. We should  have engagement from science when we put policy papers together.   One of the challenges we currently have and one of the things we are  trying to correct with another piece of legislation is just on using  best science, just requiring agencies, when they make a decision about  something in a regulation, to actually use peer-reviewed, good science  that can be shared with other people. We bump into issues now commonly  with agencies where they say they have made a decision on some of the  regulations, and we ask for the science behind it, and they say that  the science is proprietary and they can't share it with us or the  American people. The American people aren't good about withholding a  secret on something that actually affects their day-to-day life. Don't  lay a new requirement on them and tell them: Trust us--we have thought  about this, and this is the right way to go. Americans aren't great  with that. They just want to be able to know the facts behind it so  they can see that science themselves.   So getting best science is something we have talked about within the  framework of the Administrative Procedures Act for a long time-- something many administrations for the past several decades have said  we should do. Well, let's go ahead and do it, and let's require that we  actually have best science out there.   This body, with a voice vote, just a year ago, passed a bill called  TSCA. That TSCA bill dealt with chemicals and how we are going to  approve chemicals and how the EPA can do it. We put new language in  that requiring good science, peer-reviewed science, and on a voice vote  from everyone in this body, we agreed that is the best way to handle  science on chemicals.   So what did I do? I took that exact language that we all agreed to on  TSCA and said: Let's apply that to every agency so that whenever an  agency of any type makes a decision that is science-based, it has good  transparency and it is peer-reviewed. We have agreed that the EPA  should do it dealing with chemicals; let's agree that everyone should  do it. Let's agree on how we handle guidance, to not allow agencies to  be able to create guidance documents. Let's have good transparency and  simplicity.   We have a simple bill, as odd as this may sound, that just says that  for whatever regulation is out there, the agencies also have to put a  description out on it in plain language that a non-attorney can  understand in just 100 words, just a 100-word description of what it  is. Right now there are folks who actually do try to research things,  and if you are not a trained attorney, you can't even understand what  it means. So just plain-language descriptions of regulations are called  for.   These should all be areas of common ground. These should all be  straightforward issues that aren't partisan issues but are commonsense  issues.   We have made progress on regulations over the past 100 days. The  American people have now been able to take a breath as regulations are  not coming  [[Page S2592]]  out at rapid speed. We still need them, though. In the days ahead, we  need to do good regulations, so let's figure out a good way to do it.   Let me make one more note on the opposite side. We have made progress  in regulations, with a ways to go. Where we have not made progress in  the past 100 days is on how we do budgeting.   There is a group of us who have talked for several years now and have  said that we have to change the way we do budgeting. Year after year,  the American people have said: Are we going to have another continuing  resolution? Are we going to have another omnibus bill? Are we going to  be late again on budgeting?   Year after year, Congress has said: Yes, we are.   Folks around my State occasionally catch me and say: This is  different.   I smile at them and say: No, it is not different.   The way we do budgeting was created right after Watergate in 1974 to  create a more transparent process. What they actually created was a  process so difficult that it has only worked four times since 1974-- four times. So if it feels like every year you are saying ``How come  the budget process didn't work again?'' it is because every year but  four, since 1974, the budget process didn't work.   At some point, we have to say: The budget process is not in the  Constitution. Let's change the way we are doing the process. They were  well-meaning in 1974 when they made that process; it just didn't work.  So let's fix it instead of saying that once again it didn't work.   We will never get a better product on our budget until we fix the  process of our budget. We will never be able to solve the budget debt  and deficit issues we have with this continuing resolution autopilot  system and with an omnibus system that seems to just perpetuate the  same issues over and over again.   We have made specific proposals: doing the budget every 2 years,  getting time to get more predictability, to get more time to be able to  walk through the research of it; eliminating budget gimmicks, and there  are a mess of budget gimmicks that are out there; and getting a better  long-term view. The budget has what is called a 10-year window now,  where we have to budget over 10 years. So what happens? Congress  creates a budget that blows up in the 11th year. Well, that has been  done year after year after year, and we have a lot of eleventh-hour  years now stacking up and a lot of major problems that are out there.   We need to find a way to prevent us from ever having to get in a  conversation about a government shutdown. We have a bill called the  government shutdown prevention bill that would keep us from ever having  that, and it would put the pressure back on Congress and the White  House to resolve the issues but would prevent us from ever having a  government shutdown fight. We shouldn't argue about whether the  government is going to be opened or closed. We should argue about how  we are going to handle the issue of budgeting and how we are going to  actually be able to get us back to balance.    There are a lot of simple, commonsense things that are out there that  we can do, but we as a body have agreed that we are going to actually  tackle the way we do budgeting. That is going to involve some focus and  some time commitment and a risk to say: How it was done in the 1970s is  not the way we should do it now. It didn't work. Let's change the  system so we can actually get us back on track and bring some  predictability again to what we are doing.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arkansas.   