 I thank Ranking Member Waters for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 41 and in support of  the SEC rule requiring resource extraction companies to disclose  payments to governments.   Historically, payment for resources is a huge source of corruption in  developing countries, which, for most of us, is morally abhorrent; but  what I want to talk about is the competitive advantage that we gain  when we embrace the principles of the democratic rule of law,  transparency, and morality that our financial system depends upon. We  passed Dodd-Frank to strengthen our financial system in a time of  crisis but also to make it more transparent and effective for American  consumers and investors.   Section 1504 of Dodd-Frank directed the SEC to publish a rule  requiring issuers to disclose the types and amounts of payments for  each project and to each government annually. The provision improved  disclosures made to financial regulators and to investors.  [[Page H852]]    Private and public institutional investors--representing trillions of  dollars invested on behalf of American families--voiced support to the  SEC in favor of the rule. There are two main reasons for this support  from institutional investors:   First, all investors want to be able to review payments to all  governments, to assess the exposure the issuer may have to corruption  risk. The SEC has jurisdiction over compliance with the Foreign Corrupt  Practices Act, and investors need to know whether fines for potentially  corrupt payments could be levied against firms in which they are  considering investing.   Investors should always have the right to know material information  about the firms, and systemic noncompliance with the law is always  material. It should not take an event of noncompliance that has  been uncovered by the regulators to inform investors when simple  transparency requirements, like the annual reporting of payments, can  alert them to the risk.    Secondly, some investors may simply want to stay away from  investments in firms that make payments to certain governments. Many  resource-rich nations in the developing world lack a democratic rule of  law and are often governed by oppressive regimes that exploit their  land and environment, extracting resources for their rulers' financial  gain at the expense of their citizens. Investors have the right to know  this information because they own the company and may feel a moral  responsibility for its action.   For these two reasons, extractive payments are information crucial to  an investor's analysis of an issuer's securities.   The United States equity markets are the most efficient in the world  because we have strong disclosure laws and strong enforcement at the  SEC. The disclosure of payments made to foreign governments is a  relevant factor in valuing securities and is crucial to avoiding  asymmetries in information, which can and will be exploited. These  disclosures actually enable the market to police an issuer by punishing  excessive payments to questionable governments with a devaluation of  its equities.   In short, there are three market-based reasons to disclose payments  to foreign governments:   First, these disclosures promote market integrity; second, they  provide investors with crucial information for valuing securities;  third, they enable investors to make ethical values-based decisions on  where they allocate their resources--a right that we should be  enhancing rather than eroding.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.J. Res. 41.   