 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this rule and the  underlying bill. The Make America Secure Appropriations Act is all  about protecting the American people and securing our homeland.   Unfortunately, years of underfunding have severely hurt our military.  With this bill, we can make real progress towards rebuilding the  military and adding more troops, sailors, airmen, and marines to the  force.   Building on our pledge to boost the Navy to a 355-ship fleet, the  bill funds 11 new ships. Included in this are three littoral combat  ships, of which the Independence class vessel is built by a fantastic  workforce in southwest Alabama.   Having state-of-the-art facilities and resources is vital to the  success of our military. To help repair dilapidated and aging military  infrastructure, the bill provides a 25 percent increase in military  construction funding.   Supporting our servicemembers and their families is also a high  priority of this bill, as it provides for the largest military pay  raise in 8 years.   That is not all it does. It also provides for our Nation's veterans,  the very people who devoted their lives to protecting our country and  the values we hold so dear. This bill provides the highest level of  funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs in our Nation's history.  This will help cut down on the claims backlog and move forward with a  new electronic medical health records system.   I am also pleased that this bill will allow us to begin increasing  our Nation's border security in an effort to keep bad actors out of our  country. The American people sent a strong message last November that  they wanted a wall securing our southern border. This bill will begin  this process by providing over $1.5 billion requested by President  Trump for physical barrier construction along the southern border.   Mr. Speaker, over this last weekend a lot of people in America went  to see a movie called ``Dunkirk'' about the evacuation of over 300,000  British and French troops back over to England. Prime Minister Winston  Churchill had only been in office a couple of weeks at that point in  time, but he had predicted for years before that in speeches before the  House of Commons that that day was coming, and they took his speeches  and they put them together in a book called, ``While England Slept.''  With this bill, we are sending a strong message to the world that  America is not asleep.   