 Mr. Speaker, what is unfolding in Yemen today is the  largest humanitarian crisis in the world. The war in Yemen has already  claimed more than 10,000 civilian lives, according to the U.N.   With this gruesome death toll as a backdrop, the UN is now warning  that Yemen is facing the largest famine that the world has seen in many  decades. According to Matthew Nims, the acting director of USAID's Food  for Peace Program, who testified before Congress, famine is on the  agenda now because the Saudi-led military campaign in Yemen is ``using  hunger as a weapon of war.''   Using hunger as a weapon of war, as a way to assault and destroy the  civilian population, is completely in disregard of the laws of war.  That weapon is proving to be brutally effective. More than 7 million  Yemenis are food insecure tonight, which is a polite way of saying that  they are on the brink of starving to death. As we speak, more than two  out of three Yemenis have no idea where their next meal will come from.   Meanwhile, the Saudi-imposed military blockade against Yemen and the  deliberate targeting in Yemen of water and sewage systems, along with  hospitals and schools, have engendered, in that country, the largest  civilian cholera crisis in recorded human history. More than 900,000  people are suffering from a massive outbreak of cholera, a bacterial  disease that causes severe and painful diarrhea and dehydration, and  which has already killed more than 2,000 women, men, and children.   The U.S. must act to save the people of Yemen. We are implicated  because we have been refueling Saudi and UAE bombers and offering  weapons, intelligence, and logistical support to the Saudi military  campaign, despite the fact that Congress has never declared war or  authorized military operations there. We must do everything in our  power to end the blockade on humanitarian assistance and to reopen the  pipeline of critical supplies, food, water, and medicine to the Yemeni  population.   Congress has never authorized U.S. involvement in the Saudi-led war.  I could understand that happening in Saudi Arabia itself, where there  is no constitution and where the oil monarchy governs according to  Sharia law and promotes Wahhabist extremism all over the world, but  this is America, and we have been enabling a brutal war which has  driven millions of people to the point of starvation without any  declaration of war or explicit legal authorization.    The U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator now says this is the greatest  humanitarian crisis since 1945, and hundreds of thousands or millions  of people may die if the blockade is not lifted. While we celebrate  Thanksgiving, mass starvation may have overtaken Yemen, yet the  blockade is still very much in force.   We must do everything in our power to speed humanitarian assistance  to the civilian population, to work towards a diplomatic solution in  Yemen, to stop the atrocities on all sides, and to bring real peace to  the region.   