 Mr. Speaker, this bill has fundamental  problems. Number one, the flood insurance provisions that are in this  legislation are provisions that are related to flood insurance. The  current program expires on December 9.   Why are we dealing with this one component right now?   I agree that this bill passed the House unanimously previously, but  it has fundamental problems advancing in a vacuum outside of the larger  reform. And mark my words: this provision is going to result in the  insolvency  [[Page H7543]]  of the Flood Insurance Program much faster. It is going to increase the  debt of the United States. Watch. I promise this is going to happen,  and I am looking forward to talking about this more later.   Number two, Mr. Speaker, explain to me the difference between a flood  victim in Texas, a flood victim perhaps in Florida, and one in  Louisiana. Explain to me how those are any different.   We had a 1,000-year flood in my community just last year. We  introduced legislation to provide this same tax relief to our citizens.   Why are Texans better?   I don't understand that.   Now, look, I want to be clear. I think that Texas deserves--the  hurricane victims absolutely deserve tax relief, there is no question,  as do the victims in Florida, Puerto Rico, and elsewhere--the victims  of Harvey, Irma, and Maria. But I don't understand this discrimination,  and I certainly can't go back home and explain it or defend it.   This is absurd. It is absolutely absurd that we have been waiting for  13 months for this exact same tax relief, yet the victims of the other  hurricanes get it within weeks. I would love for somebody to explain or  justify that to me. You can't do it.   Mr. Speaker, look, I will say it again. The FAA absolutely needs to  be extended. If this Ross-Castor bill was so great, after it passed the  House unanimously, the Senate would have taken it up; but they didn't  because it shouldn't be done in a vacuum. It needs to be part of the  larger reauthorization that expires on December 9, where we can  incorporate it into there.   The reason this is being done is because it is trying to artificially  increase National Flood Insurance Program rates. It is trying to  artificially expedite the insolvency of the program.   Think about this for just a minute. We are getting ready to have one  of the greatest demands upon the National Flood Insurance Program for  claims from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, yet we are diverting  the revenue stream.   Why in the world would you do that? Where is the money going to come  from to pay the claims from people who flooded?   Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I just want to say that there are some  things in here that matter. The FAA needs to be extended. We need to  provide disaster tax relief without question.   This is a fundamentally flawed piece of legislation. We should be  sending a clean FAA extension to the Senate and address these other  things elsewhere.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, there has been a lot of talk during this discussion  about the flood insurance program, about making sure we are providing  for the hurricane victims. There is talk about the FAA.   Let me be clear: we support the FAA. We support making sure that we  provide all the resources necessary for the hurricane victims, from  Hurricanes Irma, Harvey, and Maria. Where things are getting distorted  is that this bill includes extraneous provisions that will actually  undermine these very objectives.   I want to explain.   Under the legislation that has been attached--the flood insurance  legislation--it does allow private insurers to come in, which all of us  support, but not in a vacuum. What is going to happen when you do this  in a vacuum is that you are going to cause premiums to be diverted from  the program.    This is the program where these people have been paying premiums for  years, and the program is not going to have the resources to pay their  claims, which means it is going to have to borrow more money, which is  going to make the premiums go up even greater.   You are going to see the private insurers come in and cherry-pick  low- and moderate-risk policies, which is only going to leave the high- risk policies in the program trying to pay a debt and not having a  diverse portfolio of low-, moderate-, and high-risk policies.   This is a flawed approach. It needs to be addressed on December 9,  when this current program expires. We should be addressing this  holistically.   I want to say it again. Those of you who have hurricane victims are  undermining their very recovery by supporting this legislation.   One of the other major flaws is this, Mr. Speaker. This shows  flooding in Louisiana last year, flooding in Texas this year.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the  balance of my time.   