 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 218,  the King Cove Road Land Exchange Act, introduced by my good friend and  Western Caucus Vice-Chairman for Indian Affairs and Oceans, Mr. Don  Young.   H.R. 218 authorizes a commonsense land exchange between the U.S. Fish  and Wildlife Service and the State of Alaska that will save lives and  taxpayer money.   The bill provides significant benefits for all parties, including  tribal members, supporters of fish and wildlife, supporters of the  environment, supporters of the Izembek National Wildlife Refuge and,  most importantly, the people living in the surrounding areas that need  access to critical medical and healthcare services.   Local communities in the State of Alaska have been trying to build a  one-lane, 11-mile gravel road to link King Cove and Cold Bay for nearly  3 decades.   The bill authorizes the transfer of more than 43,000 acres of Alaska  State land in exchange for just 206 acres of  [[Page H6122]]  Federal land. These 43,000-plus acres will be added to the Izembek  National Wildlife Refuge in order to protect fish, wildlife, and the  environment.   The one-lane, 11-mile noncommercial road that will be built as a  result of this legislation is necessary in order to provide access to  emergency medical assistance for American citizens and native  populations.   The bill will save taxpayer money. Since 2013 alone, 55 emergency  medivacs have been required to get people in need of significant  medical attention to hospitals. Many of these medical evacuations have  required the Coast Guard, as inclement weather prevents aerial flights  on an average of 100 days per year and results in cancellation of more  than 40 percent of flights in King Cove.   In order to receive lifesaving care, local residents often must fly  600 miles to Anchorage. Connecting King Cove to Cold Bay Airport will  allow the Agdaagux Tribe and local residents to receive the emergency  services they need and deserve.    The National Congress of American Indians has testified before  Congress multiple times in support of this legislation and on the need  to construct this road. NCAI has also passed formal resolutions of  support in 2007, 2014, and 2015.   The 2015 NCAI resolution stated:   ``The Aleut people of King Cove are continuing to seek justice for  this basic right to safe and dependable transportation access for  emergency and routine medical health, which is an expectation that most  Americans, Indian and non-Indian take for granted . . .   ``Because of public health, safety, and quality of life factors, the  NCAI does hereby support the rights of the Aleut people of King Cove  for this basic expectation of dependable transportation access, and  calls upon Congress to immediately pass new legislation approving a  land corridor for the construction of a permanent lifesaving road  linking the community of King Cove to Cold Bay Airport.''   I couldn't agree more with the National Congress of American Indians.  These people in these local communities have a fundamental right to  basic healthcare. Let's pass this bill so that we can build an 11-mile  gravel road and ensure they receive these basic services.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Alaska for his leadership in  sponsoring this much-needed legislation. I urge my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to vote in support of this commonsense bill.   