 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for  the leadership and also this opportunity. I could not agree more with  where we are and why we are on the floor tonight.  [[Page H4354]]    If you believe in the Constitution, which the majority of us do  because we raise our hands when we are sworn in, then we need to do our  constitutional responsibility. What has been said tonight by my  colleagues and will be ended by the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Lee) in just a few minutes is the fact that we do not do our  constitutional duty or responsibility.   The 2001 AUMF to talk about going after Osama bin Laden after 9/11,  meaning Afghanistan, made sense. The AUMF in 2002 should have never  passed this House. I regret that I voted for it because Iraq was an  unnecessary war. But that is history now.   What we are talking about is learning from history and dealing with  the present and the future. Therefore, there is no reason that the  leadership of the House, Mr. Ryan, will not permit the committees of  jurisdiction to bring forward a new AUMF. It could be a blanket AUMF or  it could mean Syria or maybe Afghanistan.   I have joined with colleagues on the other side, including the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), to put in H.R. 1666 that says,  after 16 years, there needs to be a debate on the future involvement of  the American people and the military into Afghanistan.   We have 300 Members of Congress sitting on the floor day in and day  out who have never been part of a debate or a vote on the future of  Afghanistan. After 16 years, $800 billion spent, 2,000 Americans killed  and 20,000 wounded, if we do not have a debate on whether we stay in  Afghanistan or we talk about coming home, then our leadership in the  House are not doing their constitutional duty either.   Madam Speaker, tonight I wanted to be very supportive, as I will be.  The gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee) and I have been on each  other's bills as it deals with Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq. It is time  for us to demand from our leadership--I do not blame the Presidents,  whether it be Trump or Obama, I do not blame them, because it is our  responsibility.   James Madison was very clear, and I am going to paraphrase very  quickly. It is the legislative branch that will debate and declare war,  not the executive branch. What we have done with these AUMFs from 2001  and 2002, we have abdicated our responsibilities.   I know how the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee) feels, and all  those who spoke tonight and those who are not here tonight to speak,  how we all feel. But it is up to us to demand from our leadership.  Don't wait for a President to give direction, because Madison was very  clear. It is our responsibility.   Madam Speaker, I have written five or six letters to Mr. Ryan, the  Speaker of the House. I have written him additional letters with my  colleagues on the other side asking him to permit us to meet our  constitutional responsibility. At this point we have had no luck, and I  am asking Mr. Ryan tonight, the Speaker of the House, to direct the  committees of jurisdiction to come forward with one of these bills that  have been introduced by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee) and  other Members of the Democratic Party and those of us in the Republican  Party to come forward and let's have a refresher course, so to speak,  on the constitutional responsibility.   I have Camp Lejeune Marine Base in my district. I talked to marines  as recently as 2 weeks ago. One has been five times to Afghanistan. He  said it is not worth a dime to be there. We are spending billions and  billions of dollars, and kids still getting killed.   I have signed over 10,000 letters to families and extended families  who have lost loved ones because I knew I should never have voted to go  into Iraq. That is my mistake, and I am living with my mistake. But  what I am trying to do now is to join you and others to say we have a  constitutional responsibility to debate war. If we are going to send  our young men and women to die in war, we need to debate it.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Lee) for this opportunity. I look forward to working with her as we go  forward. I think we really need to put pressure on the leadership to  allow us to meet our responsibilities. I thank the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee) for giving me this opportunity to be here with my  colleagues.   