 Mr. President, we began public hearings on the Supreme  Court nominees in 1916. Since we began those, the Senate has never  denied a hearing or a vote to a pending Supreme Court nominee--never,  since 1916 until last year.   Last year Senate Republicans waged an unprecedented blockade against  the nomination of Chief Judge Merrick Garland, a fine judge with  impeccable credentials and with strong support from both Republicans  and Democrats, a man who should be on the Supreme Court today. This is  the first time since 1916 that had ever been done. Instead, bowing to  the extreme right of their party, Republicans who knew him and who even  had said publicly before how much they respected him and how he should  be on the Supreme Court refused even to meet with him, let alone accord  him the respect of a confirmation hearing--even though the Constitution  says that we shall advise and consent and even though each one of us  has raised our hand in a solemn oath saying we will uphold the  Constitution.   So this is exactly what happened. The Republicans held hostage a  vacancy on the Supreme Court for a year so that their candidate for  President could choose a nominee. The blockade of the Merrick Garland  nomination was shameful, but I think it is also corrosive for our  system of government. Candidate Donald Trump, who verbally attacked a  sitting Federal judge in what Speaker Ryan called ``a textbook example  of a racist comment,'' encouraged Senate Republicans to ``delay, delay,  delay.'' Candidate Trump then went further. He said he would  [[Page S556]]  outsource the vetting of potential nominees to far-right organizations,  many of them lobbying organizations, that want to stack the judiciary  with ideological conservatives who are outside the mainstream. He  promised a nominee who would overturn 40 years of jurisprudence  established in Roe v. Wade. With the selection of Judge Gorsuch, it  appears as though he is trying to make good on that promise.   When we confirmed Judge Gorsuch for the Tenth Circuit Court of  Appeals--and I was a Member of the Senate at the time--I knew he was  conservative, but I did not do anything to block him because I hoped he  would not impose his personal beliefs from the bench. In fact, at his  confirmation hearing in 2006, Judge Gorsuch stated that ``precedent is  to be respected and honored.'' He said it is ``unacceptable'' for a  judge to try to impose ``his own personal views, his politics, [or] his  personal preferences.'' Yet, just last year, he tried to do that. He  called for important precedent to be overturned because it did not  align with his personal philosophy.   From my initial review of his record, that I have just begun, I  question whether Judge Gorsuch meets the high standard set by Merrick  Garland, whose decisions everybody would agree were squarely within the  mainstream. And with the ideological litmus test that President Trump  has applied in making this selection, the American people are justified  to wonder whether Judge Gorsuch can truly be an independent Justice. So  I intend to ask him about these and other important issues in the  coming months.   Republicans rolled the dice last year. They subjected the Supreme  Court and the American people to a purely political gamble. They  ignored the Constitution and did something that had never been done  before in this country.   I know President Trump likes to boast that he won the election in a  massive landslide. Well, of course he didn't. Secretary Clinton  received more than 2.8 million more votes from the American people than  President Trump. But more importantly, due to Senate Republicans'  political gambit, the U.S. Supreme Court clearly lost in this election.  This is really no way to treat a coequal branch of government, and it  is certainly not the way to protect the independence of our Federal  judiciary--something that is the bedrock of our Constitution.-   The President's electoral college victory--which was far narrower  than either of President Obama's victories--is hardly a mandate for any  Supreme Court nominee who would turn back the clock on the rights of  women, LGBT Americans, or minorities; or a nominee who would use  theories last seen in the 1930s to undermine all we have accomplished  in the last 80 years. If he follows these right-wing lobbying groups  who helped vet him for the President, if he follows what they want,  then critical programs, like Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid,  key statutes, including the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act,  and the Clean Air Act, could well be at risk.   So after nearly a year of obstruction--unconstitutional,  unprecedented obstruction--I really don't want to hear Republicans say  we now must rush to confirm Judge Gorsuch. I know the President thinks  they should, but I also wonder how seriously even he takes this. His  announcement yesterday was like he was announcing the winner of a game  show: I brought in these two people, and now here is the winner. We are  talking about the U.S. Supreme Court; treat it with the respect it  deserves.   For all of the Republican talk of Democrats setting the standard with  the confirmations of Justice Sotomayor and Kagan, they ignored the  standard they set in the shameful treatment of Chief Judge Garland. In  fact, I remember when--and I was chairman at the time--when we set the  schedule for the hearings and the vote on Justice Sonia Sotomayor, and  I remember the Republican leader rushing to the floor and saying: Oh,  this is terrible. You are rushing it. You are moving it so fast.   I pointed out that we were setting the schedule to the day--to the  day--the same as we set for Chief Justice John Roberts. So I asked the  obvious question: Are you telling me the schedule was OK for him but  not OK for her? We followed the schedule.   We need time to look at all of these nominees.   I would note, as one who has tried cases in Federal courts, as a  lawyer, and as one who has chaired the Judiciary Committee, I would say  the courts are a vital check on any administration, especially one  that, like this one, has found itself on the losing side of an argument  in Federal court in only its first week--they lost on something that a  first-year law student could have told them they were going to lose.  But with great political fanfare, the President issued an order.  Fortunately, the order was seen for what it was: No Muslims need show  up in our country.   Judge Gorsuch, to be confirmed, has to show that he is willing to  uphold the Constitution even against President Trump, even against the  lobbying groups the President had vetting him.   His record includes a decade on the Federal bench. The Judiciary  Committee must now carefully review his decisions. We have to conduct a  thorough and unsparing examination of his nomination. That is what I  will do, just as I have done for every nominee--everybody currently on  the Supreme Court and many before them. Whether nominated by a  Republican or a Democrat, I did a thorough and unsparing examination of  their nomination. The Senate deserves nothing less. More importantly,  the American people deserve nothing less.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   