 Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment.   My colleague, Mr. Mullin, is absolutely correct. When former  President Obama directed the EPA, BLM, and other agencies to target  industries for greenhouse gas emissions, they went directly for oil and  natural gas first. But this EPA rule targeting methane is completely  unnecessary.   Though methane is a byproduct of oil and natural gas production, it  is also a valuable product in and of itself, and that is something that  oil and gas companies routinely capture and sell rather than emit. Even  EPA estimates show that methane emissions have decreased, while the  production of natural gas and oil increased over the same period.   The free market has provided an incentive to reduce methane release  on its own. There is no further need for EPA to impose costly  bureaucratic hurdles on these sensitive industries.   And make no mistake: This rule imposes a steep burden. It is  estimated to cost our economy $530 million annually.   Natural gas and oil production will continue to be pillars of an  energy-friendly American economy. But instead of reducing barriers to  growth, as President Trump has requested, this rule cripples our  industries by duplicating what a combination of market forces and  existing regulations have already produced.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Ms. McCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Polis).    Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment.   The Trump administration has done a good deed for the economy and for  the American workers in issuing an executive order declawing the Obama  administration's social cost of carbon guidance, but that is not  enough. A future administration may not have as much sense to take on  carbon tax policies. What is more, agencies continue to work on  researching social cost on the taxpayer dime.   This is also a separation of powers issue. Congress is charged with  setting tax policy, and by failing to put the nail in the coffin of  this tax in disguise, we abdicate our duty. Congress and the American  people have repeatedly rejected cap-and-trade proposals; now the Trump  administration has as well. Social cost, however, remains on the books;  therefore, Congress must act.   Ms. McCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time until  closing.   