 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, as the Presiding Officer well knows,  the Secretary of State is one of the most important positions in the  President's Cabinet. He is the Nation's chief diplomat, and he  champions American values. He is the symbol in a sense, the chief voice  and advocate around the world of America. The Secretary of State is in  a sense our representative to the world, embodying and promoting,  hopefully, the best in America to billions of people around the globe,  proving to the world yet again that America is exceptional, that we are  the greatest country in the history of the world, and that we have a  respect for the rule of law, for human dignity and rights for all,  including the right to live in a safe and free environment.   Past Secretaries of State have changed history, averted and navigated  war, brokered peace, championed human rights, and fought to make the  world a better place. In this time of immense uncertainty, we must  demand nothing less of our next Secretary of State than that he be a  great reflection and representative of the United States to the world.   The likes of Hillary Clinton, Colin Powell, Madeleine Albright,  George Marshall, and Charles Evan Hughes have all held this position.  To join these titans or even to aspire to their position is no small  challenge. We need a candidate who will continue to embody what is  right even in the face of resistance from adversaries and foes who do  not admire and, in fact, seek to do harm to our way of life.   As ExxonMobil's CEO, the President's nominee, Rex Tillerson, has  worked hard and successfully for his corporation. In fact, he has put  that corporation's interests ahead of America's interests. That may  have been his job, and I understand that was his job description, but  doing that job well does not qualify him to be our Nation's chief  diplomat and to assume the mantle of defending our national interests.   Having worked for four decades for this oil giant, without any  government experience, I am unconvinced that Mr. Tillerson has shown he  is able to reverse this oil interest mindset and put America's needs  before his former employer. I do not have faith that he can rise to the  paramount challenge of representing us on the world stage.   I share my colleagues' concerns. We have heard numerous of our  colleagues express the same view--that his oil interests will harm the  progress we have made to protect the environment and slow the impact of  climate change. I say that reluctantly because I hope I am wrong. He is  likely to be confirmed, but I hope my colleagues think hard and long  and join me in opposing Rex Tillerson.   I am also hopeful that a number of his other stances, such as  enforcing sanctions that hold our adversaries accountable--notably,  Russia and Iran--will change as well. These stances have been  troubling. I have little confidence that Mr. Tillerson will vigorously  enforce these sanctions and even less confidence that he will guide  President Trump to provide the crucial advice our demonstrably rash and  ill-advised President needs.   I want to point particularly to some of the tactics ExxonMobil used  in its litigation against legal challenges that were brought based on  climate change information that allegedly was concealed by ExxonMobil.  These tactics are deeply troubling, and I hope that maybe the toughness  of ExxonMobil in those tactics will be replicated in the toughness that  is brought to bear in enforcing the sanctions against Iran and Russia  because he has shown a troublesome trend of opposing sanctions that  have held Iran accountable--sanctions that pushed Iran to the table in  negotiating the Iran nuclear agreement, which has made our world a  safer place.   Across decades and administrations, the Senate reached an  overwhelmingly bipartisan consensus that the Iran regime should be  aggressively sanctioned for its global missile program, state  sponsorship of terrorism, and gross human rights violations. ExxonMobil  directly and together with other global oil companies and through the  financing of third-party advocacy organizations has persistently tried  to stop Congress from passing sanctions legislation.   ExxonMobil has been a board member of USA Engage since its founding  in 1997 and from 2003 to 2007 held the chairmanship of that  organization. For two decades it has actively lobbied Congress to  oppose Iran-related sanctions bills, including last year for at least  four such pieces of legislation.   ExxonMobil has worked to prevent the authorization and extension of  the Iran sanctions act, which I am proud to say was renewed for another  10 years by Congress, becoming law just a few weeks ago, and I was  proud to support it. Yet, during Mr. Tillerson's hearing, he denied  that ExxonMobil ever lobbied against Iran's sanctions, in the face of  facts to the contrary. As Ronald Reagan said, ``Facts are stubborn  things.''  [[Page S531]]    Foreign policy experts and military leadership have explicitly  identified Russia as a growing threat and a violator of international  law. Many of us in this body--in fact, I would say the majority--have  recognized that fact. Yet Mr. Tillerson does not seem to treat Russia  with the same gravity.   We need a Secretary of State who is going to work with our NATO  allies and stand up for us and not give Putin a pass. We are all aware  of Mr. Tillerson's inappropriate stance toward relations with a country  responsible for assaults on world order through cyber attacks, illegal  land grabs, and war crimes. We are the victims of a cyber attack by  Russia, an act of cyber war. The Secretary of State must be somebody  who regards that kind of attack as intolerable and unacceptable.   Mr. Tillerson's affinity for Russia is alarming because he adds to  the growing list of Putin admirers in this administration, and that  list unfortunately includes the President himself and National Security  Advisor Michael Flynn.   Mr. Tillerson's opposition to sanctions imposed on Russia for its  illegal annexation of Crimea in 2014 was not the result of national  security concerns but, rather, because ExxonMobil stood to make  millions, even billions of dollars from the business deal that  corporation had recently made with Russia to develop its oil and gas  interests. What is good for ExxonMobil is not necessarily good for the  United States of America. These sanctions were put in place because  Russia's invasion of Ukraine was unacceptable and now has led to at  least 10,000 deaths, 20,000 wounded, and 2 million people displaced.   These are hard numbers and hard facts--the result of Russian  aggression that must be countered.   As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I have fought to include  and pass the NDAA's robust funding for Ukrainian assistance. I am proud  to say that this initiative was successful. I also successfully urged a  provision that terminated U.S. contracts with the Russian arms export  agency.   Mr. Tillerson made it clear during his nomination hearing that his  stance was unchanged. He could not admit that Vladimir Putin is a war  criminal, despite these deaths and the torture involved in this  aggression and other similar acts, or to say that the sanctions against  Putin's Russia are necessary and appropriate. His views are  inconsistent with the interests of the United States of America.   Given his troubling trend of dodging questions during his testimony,  I cannot confidently say that he will follow the clear direction of  Congress concerning sanctions policy. I will say bluntly and frankly to  my colleagues that my particular concern is that sanctions laws contain  waivers. Those waivers are provided to the President for the rare  requirement that such sanctions may be waived when it is in the  national interest or for national security. This exception must be used  exceedingly sparingly and judiciously. Sanctions without enforcement  are worse than no sanctions at all. They are meaningless, and they  raise false expectations. My fear is that under Mr. Tillerson, if he is  advising President Trump, those exemptions and exceptions will swallow  the rule.   Talking about rules, if confirmed, Mr. Tillerson will be responsible  for executing President Trump's extremely misguided policy expanding  the global gag rule, which prevents foreign aid from being provided to  global health programs that discuss or provide abortion services. The  result will be to obstruct programs that cover everything from HIV  prevention to maternal and child care and epidemic disease responses,  putting lives at risk. This is just the opposite of what we ought to be  doing. It makes the world less safe, as does this weekend's Executive  order that bans refugees and Muslims. We need someone willing and able  to voice resistance and opposition to policies that flagrantly fly in  the face of everything we value--our American values. We need a  Secretary of State ready to stand up for the most vulnerable people and  speak truth to power, even when that power is the President of the  United States. The fact is, sadly, that Mr. Tillerson has never taken  strong stances on these issues, leaving us guessing as to what he will  do when and if he is in office.   I cannot support anyone to be Secretary of State who fails to condemn  the suspension of our Refugee Resettlement Program directly under his  purview. When we target refugees, we target people who are victims of  the same oppressors and tyrants and murderers that we call enemies.  Refugees are not our enemies. Many are fleeing the murderous Syrian  regime and ISIL, which are our enemies. We are at war with ISIL, and we  must win that war. We are disadvantaged by a policy that excludes  refugees on the basis of religion, because we alienate our allies with  the sources of intelligence and troops on the ground, and we lead to  the misimpression--and it is a misimpression--that we are at war  against Islam or our Muslim neighbors when, in fact, our enemy is  violent extremists.   These refugees and immigrants see America as a beacon of hope, but  they are now receiving the message that, whoever they are and however  strong their claim to come here is, their religion will bar them, their  religion denies them the right to come to this country, their religion  will ban them.   Mr. Tillerson has never denounced this strategy when it does so much  to damage our international credibility, our values at home, and our  Constitution. Four judges have stayed the President's Executive orders.  My respectful opinion is that the President's orders are, in fact,  illegal.   The question is this: Will he defend career diplomats who have spoken  out against these policies? Will he take a stand himself against them?  Will he stand up for American values?   One story in particular struck me because it involves my own State of  Connecticut. Last Saturday, a Syrian refugee who settled in Milford,  CT, 2 years ago, Fadi Kassar, anxiously awaited the arrival of his wife  and two daughters, ages 5 and 8. He has not seen them since resettling  in this country. His family was turned away before they could board a  flight to the United States. They were told they were not going to be  allowed to enter this country following the President's refugee ban.  Despite having been granted refugee status--asylum--three days before  the refugee ban, they would no longer be united with Mr. Kassar in the  United States.   I am working--and I hope the Secretary of Homeland Security may be  listening, if not at this moment then at some point in the future, to  my entreaty that he do the right thing, that he make their entry  possible. They have gone through all of the necessary screenings,  submitted all of the necessary forms. Yet, under the President's  Executive action, they are denied refuge in the United States based  only on their nationality and their religion.   Mr. Kassar's family is now back in Jordan without luggage, without  clothes, and without the new home they were so close to having. My  office has offered assistance to Mr. Kassar's lawyers, and we are  working to help in any way we can.   The United States--Connecticut in particular--has a proud moral  tradition and heritage of aiding refugees who need our help when their  own homelands are in turmoil. President Trump's egregious acts  contravene our values, contradict our Constitution, and should be  rescinded immediately.   Mr. Tillerson, join me in urging President Trump to rip up this  order. It is the only solution.   I am not confident, until I hear him say so, that he is ready to be  the leader we need in the Department of State to ensure that America's  values of acceptance and assistance hold strong in an administration  that directly challenges these most cherished traditions and values.   Our Secretary of State must be clear-eyed about threats facing our  Nation, both from adversaries abroad and others who would do us harm  inside our borders. I regretfully conclude that Mr. Tillerson has  failed to demonstrate that ability to do so, and I urge my colleagues  to join me in opposing his nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   