 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3017,  the Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment, and  Reauthorization Act.   This legislation will strengthen the Brownfields Program, an  important program created by Congress and the U.S. Environmental  Protection Agency in 2002 that assists communities with the cleanup of  brownfields sites and encourages economic redevelopment.   The EPA has estimated that there are 450,000 brownfield sites  nationwide. Through the lifetime of the program, nearly 64,000 acres  have been revitalized. Every federal dollar spent on rehabilitating  brownfields leverages over $16 on average. To date, the Brownfields  Program has leveraged nearly $24 billion and created over 124,000 jobs  across the United States.   Houston is home to one of the country's best known brownfields  success stories, Minute Maid Park, home of the World Series Champion  Houston Astros. Minute Maid Park was built on a former 38-acre  brownfield site in Downtown Houston.   Our district, which is home to dozens of abandoned and former  industrial sites in need of environmental cleanup and redevelopment,  needs to see the expansion of the Brownfields Program so we can have  more success stories like Minute Maid Park.   I hope that appropriators will fully fund the Brownfields Program at  the authorized levels set in this bill, including $200 million annually  for grants to assess and clean up brownfields properties and $50  million annually for grants to assist states and Indian tribes  establish and enhance their own cleanup programs. We have seen funding  for Brownfields drop steadily in recent years, which has impacted local  communities' ability to assess and clean up sites in Texas and around  the country.   This legislation received strong bipartisan support in the Energy and  Commerce Committee and passed by voice vote.   I ask all of my colleagues to join me and vote in support of the  Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment, and Reauthorization  Act.   