 Mr. President, the majority is continuing its assault  on women's reproductive healthcare rights, this time using the  Congressional Review Act to reverse a rule and tear a hole in our  safety net for access to family planning and preventative healthcare.  The resolution before us would overturn the Department of Health and  Human Services' rule, which reinforces regulations that prevent States  from denying title X funds to health clinics like Planned Parenthood,  even though none of these funds are used for abortions. Repealing this  rule would limit access to healthcare, which would harm public health  in communities that rely on this funding.   Congress created the Title X Family Planning Program with bipartisan  support in 1970 to help provide comprehensive basic primary, family  planning, and preventative services to uninsured and low-income people.  It continues to be the only Federal grant dedicated to providing family  planning and preventive service. Recipients of the grants use the  program's funding to provide basic healthcare, such as cancer  screenings, HIV testing, and family planning counseling to 4 million  women and men. Both public and private entities run title X service  sites. These sites broaden access to healthcare services in rural parts  of our country. Often, they are the only option for the populations  they serve. About 40 percent of women who use title X service sites say  that they are their primary healthcare service provider.   Despite the benefits of the funding, States have taken actions that  discriminate against family planning clinics. Texas, for example,  slashed its family planning budget by 65 percent. As a result, Texas  forced a quarter of its family planning providers to close their doors  to patients in need.   To ensure that States do not discriminate against family planning  providers, the Obama administration issued a rule that forbids States  from withholding title X funding for family planning providers for any  reason other than being unable to deliver effective services. This rule  prevents States like Texas from attempting to defund needed providers  like Planned Parenthood. This rule protects access to vital preventive  services that provide a safety net for our country's most vulnerable  patients.   All people should have a right to affordable, high-quality  healthcare. Reversing this rule will deny critical healthcare services  to women, men, and their families. I urge a ``no'' vote.   