 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 38, the  Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, and the underlying rule. The Second  Amendment right to bear arms must stand resolute, as should all our  constitutional rights. This legislation simply affirms the right of  law-abiding citizens to effectively exercise their right in other  States as they do at home.   Forty-two States broadly recognize the right of law-abiding citizens  to carry concealed handguns, and most States allow some form of  concealed carry. State recognition of concealed carry licenses from  other States is not uniform or consistent. Those who wish to carry a  concealed weapon across State lines are subject to a confusing  patchwork of State laws that make it difficult for law-abiding citizens  to travel with a firearm without fear of prosecution.   Mr. Speaker, contrary to what critics would have you believe, this  legislation does not upend State laws or expand access to firearms.  States will still have the right and the ability to set specific  conditions for residents to conceal carry, and individuals from other  States must abide by those laws and rules when they carry in other  States.   This legislation does not lessen limitations on gun purchases. If you  are prohibited from purchasing a firearm now, they will continue to be  prohibited from purchasing a firearm if this bill is passed.   If you can't legally own or carry a firearm today, this legislation  will not allow you to do so after it is passed.   This legislation is about respecting our Constitution. Our other  constitutional rights, like free speech, do not expire when you cross  State lines. They are not restricted by State lines. So why should we  also allow the Second Amendment to be limited by State lines?   Indeed, the core of the Second Amendment is self-defense, and the  ability to carry a firearm outside your home is a critical component of  that constitutional right. That is why 24 State attorney generals,  including Michigan's attorney general, Bill Schuette, submitted letters  supporting this legislation. They know, like I do, that this  legislation is common sense. It prioritizes the rights of law-abiding  citizens to conceal carry and the ability to travel freely from State  to State without worrying about conflicting State laws and prosecution.   Mr. Speaker, each of us are required to take an oath of office here.  In that oath, we swear to uphold and defend our Constitution--the  Constitution of the United States. That is what this legislation  exactly does. It makes sure our exercise of constitutional rights  applies throughout the United States.   My colleague on the other side of the aisle questions proceeding with  this legislation while funding for the Federal Government hangs in the  balance in the next 72 hours. I agree. We must keep the lights on. We  are all responsible for keeping the lights on. It isn't as if it is one  side of the aisle or the other, and in the past, it has been a  bipartisan agreement to do so.   Suddenly, the other side of the aisle says: If we don't get exactly  what we want on terms we have, including on DACA, we will take it to  the precipice.   A solution on DACA is there if my colleagues wish to take it. At this  point, so far, they haven't.   But there are some things that aren't malleable. There is right and  there is wrong in this. I suggest we solve it in the next 72 hours and  we keep the lights on because we are all equally responsible for that.   