 Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member for  yielding time to me.   I rise to oppose H.R. 3922. I got elected to Congress to expand  access for healthcare. I am not a doctor, I am not a nurse, but as  Members of Congress, we can do as much damage as someone who isn't a  doctor or nurse by legislation that we see today.   And while I strongly support extending funding for the Children's  Healthcare Insurance Program and federally qualified health centers,  delaying cuts to disproportionate share hospital payments, advancing  our other bipartisan healthcare programs, this legislation includes  offsets that undermine access to cover these services.    Again, my goal in Congress was to expand healthcare, and this bill  restricts that access. Two-thirds of Medicaid dollars go to children.  If you cut Medicaid, you are cutting those children's benefits. This  bill cuts children from Medicaid, and it gives money to the children  who are less poor on CHIP. We need both programs. We don't need one or  the other.   Both CHIP and FQHCs are bedrocks of our healthcare system, providing  health insurance to almost 9 million lower-income children serving on  the front lines by providing high-quality primary and preventative care  to more than 25 million Americans.   Congress let funding for these programs expire last month, the first  time in our history, since the 1960s, that the FQHCs and the CHIP  program were not bipartisan. That is the step this House is making  today by doing this.   It should be bipartisan because it has always been bipartisan.  Unfortunately, instead of bipartisan negotiations looking for a  compromise, the process was derailed. The bill cuts, again, Medicaid.  Two-thirds are children, to help poor children, and limit their access.   The Prevention Fund funds the Centers for Disease Control. We have  any number of future illnesses that we need the CDC to have the ability  to fight that, and here we are, cutting vaccinations in our  communities. We are cutting infectious disease detection and  prevention.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,'' and let's expand  access and not restrict it.   