 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1492, the Medical Controlled  Substances Transportation Act. This legislation will allow physicians,  in agreement with the Drug Enforcement Agency, to transport and  administer controlled substances to patients in another setting or  disaster area.   Under current law, the Controlled Substances Act prohibits the  transport  [[Page H5398]]  and storage of controlled substances away from the site that is  registered with the DEA. This makes it illegal for athletic team  doctors to transport a small amount of critical medications that may be  needed to treat athletes while on the road.   Athletics are awfully important in Texas, and I think it is by luck  of the draw--specifically, football--that you have three Texans today  who want to make sure that our teams can have their doctors treat them.  For equal time for my colleague from Dallas, I am sure this law would  also provide for the Houston Texans, not just for the Dallas Cowboys.   It also complicates care for patients in emergency disaster areas  where a doctor may want to offer their services during a crisis.   This bill would allow a physician to transport controlled substances  to another practice setting or to a Presidentially declared disaster  area if the physician is registered to dispense controlled substances  listed on schedules II, III, IV, or V, and they enter into a specific  agreement with the DEA.   The agreement would require a physician to provide advance  notification to the DEA of any transport, identify the controlled  substances to be transported and the locations to and from, the  intended dates of transport, and the anticipated travel time. The  physician is also required to maintain records in their primary  practice setting on the dispensing of transported substances, and the  duration of the agreement is limited to 72 hours.   As the Nation grapples with the ongoing prescription drug abuse  crisis, these safeguards are important to ensuring appropriate use,  while allowing doctors to treat patients where they are.   I want to thank the sponsor, Representative Pete Sessions, and the  committee for their work to advance this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1492, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   