 Mr. President, if I sound a little hoarse, it is because  my allergies are acting up, but I feel just fine.   Let me start out by thanking Senator Cantwell. Her leadership on the  Energy and Natural Resources Committee is pretty incredible.   For this Congress, I think this is the very first CRA that has been  turned down. We have been voting on many of them since the Congress  came back in session in January. This is the very first victory we have  had on denying the CRA.   When we talk about what a CRA does, it is a very blunt instrument  that has only been used once until this Congress, and what it does is  just blow out an entire area of the law. So if you talk about this BLM  methane rule and you have a part of the law that says the government  shall try to prevent waste, well, if you blow that provision of the law  out, the agency can do nothing until we get to the point that the  Congress acts again, and sometimes we move very slowly.   So I really appreciate the leadership of Senator Cantwell, and I want  to thank her so much and all of the members of her committee, in  particular, Senator Heinrich. Senator Heinrich serves on that committee  and has been very outspoken on this rule, and I believe his leadership  has always been acknowledged by Senator Cantwell as well.   This issue that we are debating and that we had this good vote on is  about three things. First of all, it is about the waste of a natural  resource that the public and the Tribes own. Let's talk about the  resource here for a second. We are talking about, to start with,  natural gas. So when we think of natural gas, as many people know, what  we are talking about is when you turn on your stove, and it is a  natural gas stove, that is how we cook our food. Many houses run and  heat on natural gas, and we know now that many of our powerplants are  converting over to natural gas because it is a very good fuel in terms  of lowering carbon emissions. So natural gas is a big part of our  energy economy. It is actually going up as coal is going down.   Look at this photograph which shows more than $330 million of natural  gas wasted. This just shows us the huge power of natural gas. What was  happening is that natural gas was being flared. This depicts the top at  one of these oil and gas operations. They are just burning that up. So  rather than that energy being used at home or used in industry, it is  just being wasted. On top of that, we know it has a massive climate  impact.   This was a very commonsense rule. I think the thing people should  understand is that several Western States, including Colorado and  Wyoming, passed an almost identical rule to deal with this issue. All  BLM tried to do was to use that common sense from the West, where it  had already happened in several States, and put it in place for  [[Page S2856]]  the Nation. So this is a good, solid rule, and it is a commonsense  rule, and I think it prevents waste, just like it was laid out to do.   The second point is that when we talk about this issue, it is about  job creation. What we are talking about here is, when you have this  kind of waste, how do you prevent the waste? Well, the thing we have  seen in New Mexico that occurs is that many of these oil and gas  industries reach out to people who maybe haven't been in business, and  they say: How do we prevent this waste? Well, actually, we use infrared  to focus on the oil and gas operations and all of their pipes, and we  can detect the natural gas waste, and then we can go about actually  fixing it at all the various fittings and places where that happens.  Guess what. A lot of jobs are created in that process. This is growing  in New Mexico, growing in Colorado, and with this rule in place, over  time, it is going to continue to grow. So this is going to create some  small businesses. It has already created small businesses, and it is  going to be pretty dramatic on that front.   The third thing that we are here about has to do with public health.  Obviously, if you are venting all of this--and as Senator Cantwell  showed, you have a methane cloud the size of Delaware over the Four  Corners area; so it is really impacting New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, and  Arizona--what is the impact in terms of methane? Well, we know there  are serious public health impacts. We know that asthma is impacted by  this, as well as other respiratory diseases--the kinds of things that  occur on a regular basis as we have that kind of methane pollution that  goes into the air. As I mentioned just a little bit earlier, methane is  a very, very powerful and potent greenhouse gas. So we know that by  releasing it--the flaring that we talked about--we are wasting it and  we are putting that methane into the atmosphere. We are also adding to  the greenhouse gases, which are warming the planet and creating, in the  Southwest, as we know, catastrophic forest fires, extreme weather  events, impacts on water, and impacts on agriculture. So we know that  it is here now and that the Western States are in the bull's-eye.   So let me just say that these are three commonsense things that we  have done today by asserting this rule. We are preventing waste, we are  moving job creation, and we are acting on the part of public health.   When we have a victory like this, there are just so many people that  should be congratulated--people that pulled together. First of all,  just to start, Senator Cantwell just finished, and she is our ranking  member on the committee. Senator Bennet, I think, was actually the  51st, and I hope he tweeted that out. When he came over, we were at 50,  and it went to 51. So he and all of the Democrats hung together on  this--every single one of the Democrats. It just shows that when we get  Democratic unity--and with our Independents--we come right up on about  48 votes. If we get a couple of Republicans--if we work in a bipartisan  way--to come with us, we can have a big impact. Who are the Republicans  who voted with us? They should be called out and congratulated for  having courage, for having common sense, and for stepping forward. I  would just like to say about my three friends on the Republican side-- Senator McCain, Senator Collins, and Senator Graham--thank you so much  for stepping forward and seeing the commonsense nature of this issue  and standing to make sure that we didn't head in the wrong direction on  this.   Thinking a little bit about some of the groups that voted with us and  worked with us and helped us and advised us out in the field, the  groups that stood with us shoulder to shoulder include the  Environmental Defense Fund, the Wilderness Society, and the Ceres  business group. We had a lot of businesses--understanding that this is  a business issue and a job creator--like Taxpayers for Common Sense. We  don't always see them weigh in on regulations like this. The Center for  Methane Emissions Solutions, and so many environmental and public  health groups, including Earth Justice, the National Parks Association,  the League of Conservation Voters, the Sierra Club, and many, many  others, including the Western Environmental Law Center, are also a part  of that.   I thought we should talk for a second about--in addition to all of  those groups--some other groups that joined us, and they are these  medical and public health groups that abhor natural gas waste. Look at  all of these groups in addition to the ones I mentioned. These are  people who have real expertise in public health: Allergy & Asthma  Network, American Lung Association, American Public Health Association,  Center for Climate Change and Health, and Physicians for Social  Responsibility. I have always been impressed by that group. Here you  have docs who are stepping up, wanting to be socially responsible on  things. There are many wonderful physicians like that in New Mexico and  across the Nation, and they have organized themselves as PSR. We also  have the Public Health Institute and the National Medical Association.   So we have a lot of these medical and public health groups that have  stepped forward and said: We are not going to waste natural gas. Let me  thank them.   Also, the Western Environmental Law Center, which is in New Mexico  and works on this issue, has been a pretty incredible group, hard- working, headed up by a gentleman by the name of Doug Meiklejohn, and  Doug really makes a difference on all of these issues in New Mexico  and, in particular, really helped us out here.   I would be remiss if I didn't mention some of the groups that have  pulled together--groups of ranchers, Tribes, and public health groups.  We just talked about the public health groups. But there is one rancher  in New Mexico whose sole focus has been this issue. His name is Don  Schreiber. He appeared at a press conference yesterday here in  Washington with Senator Bennet and Senator Cantwell. I was at my own  press conference, and more or less as a Senator there, speaking out on  methane. I know if Don is ever at a press conference, he is going to  say what I would have said on this methane issue, which is that we have  to prevent waste. Don Schreiber is his name. He is a rancher from  Northwestern New Mexico. He is actually up under that methane cloud,  and he talks about his family and his ranching operation and what the  impact is.    We also have Tribes in that area. I want to congratulate and thank  President Begaye of the Navajo Nation. He sent in a very persuasive  statement and made a very strong statement against wasting natural gas.   We also had the Western Organization of Resource Councils. This is  another group that has been very active in the West. They stepped  forward on this natural gas waste issue, and we are incredibly thankful  to them.   Also, we never get anything done around here on the Senate floor  without our wonderful staff. I want to thank Jonathan Black, who has  worked on this issue for many years. Jonathan actually worked for  Senator Bingaman on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, so he  brought a lot of that expertise. We have a young man from the office  sitting here with me on the floor, Sean MacDougall, helping me with  these charts. Sean is a congressional fellow in our office on loan from  the Bureau of Land Management, and he has brought a lot of knowledge to  the table.   Mr. President, to reiterate, I oppose H.J. Res. 36--the Congressional  Review Act resolution to disapprove the Bureau of Land Management's  methane and waste prevention rule. BLM's rule prevents the unnecessary  waste of a public resource and makes sure New Mexicans--and all  American taxpayers--get fair value in return for commercial use of that  public resource.   The rule requires oil and gas facilities operating on public and  Indian lands to prevent unnecessary flaring, venting, and leaking of  methane. Rigorous analysis shows that the overall benefits to the  American public far outweigh the costs, and technology to implement the  rule is readily available and cost-effective to industry.   The current BLM rules on natural gas waste are over 35 years old,  issued in 1979. Federal watchdog agencies have been issuing reports for  almost a decade--recommending that the BLM update its rules and prevent  waste wherever possible.   With new technologies like horizontal drilling, the amount of gas  wasted in recent years has increased significantly. From 2009 to 2013,  the total  [[Page S2857]]  amount of natural gas flared on BLM land doubled.   We throw the phrase ``common sense'' around a lot these days when we  talk about laws or regulations we like, but the BLM's waste prevention  rule really is a commonsense rule.   Over the past 4 months, Congress has repealed 13 Federal rules using  CRA authority. These regulations involved years of work by the agencies  and were developed transparently through the public notice and comment  process. Congress overturned these rules without public input,  hearings, or debate.   I understand repeal of ``burdensome'' Federal regulations is a strong  rallying cry, and I wholeheartedly agree that Federal regulations  should not be overly burdensome.   The BLM's waste prevention rule is good for the American public, and  the cost to industry is de minimus. In fact, there is benefit to  industry from increased production and the resulting increase in  revenues. The BLM's rule is one rule that should not get swept up in  the political tide of CRA repeal.   Congress has spoken loud and clear that the BLM has an obligation to  prevent waste of oil and gas on public and tribal lands starting with  the 1920 Mineral Leasing Act.   That act--governing leases on BLM lands--requires every lease to  contain provisions for ``the prevention of undue waste. . . .''   Federal law obligates the BLM to make sure the public gets a fair  return from profits generated by oil and gas leases on public lands.  The 1976 Federal Lands Policy and Management Act requires that ``the  United States receive fair market value of the use of the public lands  and their resources. . . .''   The 1982 Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act obligates these  same oil and gas companies to pay the Federal Government ``royalty  payments on oil or gas lost or wasted.''   Congress has determined that oil and gas companies extracting  resources on public lands can't waste the resource, and, if they do,  they must pay fair market value to the American public.   Despite Congress's prohibition against waste, tremendous volumes of  oil and gas under BLM lease are wasted each year through flaring,  venting, and leaks.   Operators do not always use best practices when they flare and vent.  Some even abuse the practice. As a result, operators vent and flare  significant amounts of oil and gas that are economically recoverable.   Natural gas is colorless and odorless, so you can't see leaks with  the naked eye. Operators do not always use best practices to detect and  prevent leaks either, but we now have readily available technology,  like infrared cameras, that quickly and easily identify leaks. We don't  let leaky pipes in our homes go unattended. For-profit companies  shouldn't be given a free pass to let gas leak on public lands.   Oil and gas operators under BLM leases reported flaring and venting  462 billion cubic feet of natural gas from 2009 through 2015. That is  enough gas to supply over 6.2 million households for one year. That is  every household in the States of New Mexico, Colorado, Montana, North  Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, and Wyoming.   An independent study by ICF International estimates that, in 2013  alone, 65 billion cubic feet of gas was wasted. That includes over 18  billion cubic feet from tribal lands, with an estimated loss to the  American public of $27 million in royalties.   The amount of oil and gas waste is rising dramatically. Oil and gas  operators report flaring has increased over 1,000 percent between 2009  and 2015. The number of applications to vent or flare royalty free has  gone from 50 in 2005 to 622 in 2011 to 1,246 in 2014.   The BLM's outdated rules and the loss of royalties caught the  attention of the Government Accountability Office years ago.   A 2010 GAO report estimated that approximately 128 billion cubic feet  of natural gas was vented or flared from Federal leases in 2008 and  that approximately 50 billion cubic feet was economically recoverable.  That recoverable gas represented $23 million in lost royalties in 1  year.   The 2010 GAO report highlighted real world experiences, where  operators made money by putting in technologies to recover gas instead  of venting or flaring. One large producer in the San Juan Basin  installed equipment that reduced venting by 99 percent. That same  company reported increased revenues of $5.8 million, from a $1.2  million investment in technology to reduce emissions during well  completion. That is money well spent.   The San Juan Basin is one of the oldest and most productive gas- producing areas in the United States. It lies in the Four Corners area,  where my home State of New Mexico touches Arizona, Colorado, and Utah.   That area is home to a methane ``hot spot,'' with the highest  concentration of methane in the Nation.   In 2010, the GAO pointed out what was obvious, that the BLM's  decades-old guidance did not take account of current technology to  reduce venting and flaring. The GAO recommended that the BLM update its  regulations to address the avoidable loss of gas on public lands.   There are other GAO reports, but I will talk about one more.   In 2016, the GAO issued a report entitled, ``Interior Could Do More  to Account for and Manage Natural Gas Emissions.'' It detailed the  BLM's highly inconsistent practices approving royalty-free venting and  flaring incidents.   Looking at a random sample of operator requests to vent or flare from  fiscal year 2014, the GAO found that fully 90 percent had inadequate  documentation, but, despite the bad documentation, the BLM approved 70  percent of the requests, almost half of which were for royalty-free  venting or flaring. That is a lot of Federal, State, and tribal  royalties lost based on incomplete records.   The GAO is charged with helping Congress make sure Federal agencies  are doing the best job they can for the American public. We should not  disregard repeated GAO recommendations--spanning almost a decade--for  the BLM to modernize its oil and gas royalty program.   If we pass this disapproval, the BLM is foreclosed from updating  these rules. In the face of the GAO report after another telling us  that the BLM must do better, that would be just irresponsible to  taxpayers.   Secretary Zinke has been charged to review the BLM rule as part of  the President's ``Energy Independence'' Executive order. If, after  review, the Secretary concludes that the BLM rule should be modified,  the Department of the Interior can proceed to amend the rule through  the public rulemaking process, but, when we have been told time and  time again that there is unnecessary waste and the BLM rules need  updating, Congress should allow the DOI review to go forward and not  permanently prevent DOI from considering how to prevent unnecessary  waste by oil and gas facilities.   Let's not forget that half the royalties from Federal leases go to  State treasuries. States use these royalties for schools, roads, and  infrastructure projects.   My home State of New Mexico has the second highest number of acres  under BLM lease in the country, after Wyoming--over 4.6 million acres-- and the second highest number of BLM oil and gas leases--over 8,000.   New Mexico has a lot at stake in the BLM's waste prevention rule.   ICF International estimates that the natural gas in New Mexico that  could have been captured and marketed under the BLM's rule between 2009  and 2013 would have been worth more than $100 million a year and would  have produced $43 million in royalty payments for our State.   In New Mexico, those royalty payments are used in part for  educational materials in the public schools. That is textbooks, digital  materials, science supplies, art supplies, and accessible materials for  students with disabilities. That $43 million would have gone a long way  for New Mexico schoolkids.   Many of you may be aware of the methane ``hot spot'' over the Four  Corners area that I talked about earlier. The hot spot covers about  2,500 square miles--the size of the State of Delaware.   This single cloud comprises nearly 10 percent of all methane  emissions from natural gas in the United States. The San Juan Basin is  ranked No. 1 in per capita methane pollution in the U.S.   Scientists have been researching the sources of this methane plume.  When the hot spot was discovered, oil and gas companies claimed the  high concentrations were caused by ``natural''  [[Page S2858]]  sources, but researchers have found out this is wrong. They have  identified 250 sources--the majority of which are oil and gas  operations and include gas wells, storage tanks, pipelines, and  processing plants.   Of the four States, only Colorado has robust rules to prevent methane  emissions. Colorado's rules are proving successful, and the BLM  incorporated provisions from those rules.   It is important for my State that the BLM's waste prevention rule  stay on the books. We don't need that methane hot spot in our backyard  and New Mexico sorely needs the royalty payments owed.   The BLM's rule is also important for tribes. As vice-chair of the  Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I work to make sure the Federal  Government upholds all its trust responsibilities. One of those  responsibilities is making sure tribes get the royalties they are  entitled to from private oil and gas companies operating on Indian  lands.   Tribes receive 100 percent of the royalties from the oil and gas  leases on their lands. The BLM estimates tribes will get up to $12  million more in royalties over 10 years under the rule. That is money  we have a trust responsibility to make sure tribes get.   The BLM estimates the rule would reduce emissions of volatile organic  compounds, or VOCs, by 310,000 tons over 10 years on tribal lands.  Reducing VOC emissions means cleaner air for tribes.   The Federal Government will not be upholding its trust responsibility  if the BLM rule is repealed.   I have a statement from the Navajo Nation president, Russell Begaye,  detailing the reasons the tribe supports the BLM's rule. President  Begaye states, ``It would be contrary to BLM's trust responsibility to  allow Navajo Nation resources to be unreasonably wasted, particularly  when best practices can be cost-effectively employed and are not overly  burdensome to industry.''   A really important cobenefit of the rule is protection of public  health. Toxic chemicals like benzene--harmful to the public,  carcinogenic--are emitted with methane. Reducing methane emissions will  reduce these toxic emissions.   Similarly, other VOCs--that contribute to ozone or smog--are emitted  with methane. Reducing methane emissions will reduce smog formation.  Smog irritates the respiratory system, reduces lung function, and  aggravates asthma--among other public health problems.   Without the Rule, not only do we lose royalties for hospitals,  schools, and roads, but citizens pay more for their hospital visits and  healthcare.   Industry arguments against the rule do not hold up.   Industry argues the rule costs too much and will kill jobs.   That is not true. Here are the facts.   First, the rule will result in increased production and increased  revenues, and the technologies and practices to prevent waste are  economically feasible.   In fact, many oil and gas operations will see a net benefit. Like the  company in the San Juan Basin that got almost a fivefold return on its  investment.   The BLM conducted an exhaustive cost-benefit analysis of the rule.   Looking at the average cost to a company to implement the rule, the  BLM found that profits would be reduced by only 0.15 percent, a bit  over one-tenth of 1 percent. That is minimal.   That cost does not even count the savings to industry from increased  production and increased revenues.   In fact, the BLM found that net economic benefits to industry could  be as much as $47 million per year--taking into account the savings  from increased revenues.   If the benefits of reducing methane are included, the overall net  benefit is huge--up to $204 million annually.   That number does not even count the public health benefits from  reduced ozone and hazardous pollutants.   Opponents have exaggerated the costs to industry, and they have not  taken into account the benefits to States, tribes, and the public.   Finally, there is no evidence anywhere that the rule will cost even  one job.   In fact, the Bureau of Labor Statistics has recorded 2,700 new jobs  since November 2016, while the price of oil has stayed flat. This  month, the Baker Hughes rig count showed 300 more rigs drilling for oil  and gas since the BLM rule came into effect. This is an increase in  production of over 50 percent.   Colorado issued the most comprehensive rules to date to decrease  methane emissions, and not only have no jobs been lost, but jobs have  been gained as new companies and technologies focused on inspection,  monitoring, and compliance have opened. These are good American jobs.   In New Mexico, we have at least 11 new companies in the methane  mitigation business, and I want to see that number grow.   Even if the rule were to force an operator to shut down, that company  would be eligible for exemption from the requirements.   So job loss is not an issue.   Second, we hear that the BLM's rule is duplicative and unnecessary,  that the EPA's methane rule is adequate, and that States are already  regulating methane.   Here are the facts.   The EPA's rule only applies to new and modified oil and gas  operations. The BLM's rule applies also to existing facilities. This is  a big difference between the rules. Making sure all current operations  prevent waste is critical to making sure taxpayers get the benefit  owed.   The BLM's rule covers areas not covered by other Federal or State  rules, like wasteful routine flaring.   Not all States have passed methane waste prevention rules. My home  State of New Mexico has not. New Mexico needs to reduce methane  emissions.   Also, States and tribes may get a variance if they have similar rules  that achieve the same results.   The BLM worked with the EPA and States to ensure the rule works for  them and does not impose conflicting or redundant requirements.   Just last week, the EPA announced a 90-day delay on its own methane  control rule based on industry's objections to regulation. More  concerning, the EPA withdrew its information request from industry that  was intended to help EPA determine how to address methane emissions  from existing oil and gas sources. These EPA actions mean the BLM rule  is needed more than ever to reduce natural gas waste and the proper  collection of royalties.   Third, we hear that the BLM lacks the authority to regulate methane  waste.   In January of this year, the U.S. District Court of Wyoming denied a  preliminary injunction to block the rule. The court found that the rule  ``unambiguously'' was within the BLM's authority.   The Congressional Review Act is a blunt tool, and it is the wrong  tool for Congress to use to change provisions in BLM's methane waste  prevention rule. Disapproval under the CRA would permanently block the  BLM's authority to reform outdated rules, reforms that the GAO began  recommending almost a decade ago.   The BLM should not be prevented from making sure the Federal  Government meets its obligations to States, tribes, and taxpayers--the  obligation not to waste public resources and to make sure the public  gets a fair return on the for-profit use of public resources.   For these reasons, I oppose the CRA to disapprove the BLM's waste  prevention rule.   Just as a final word to summarize why we are here and why this  victory was so important and why we need to hang tough on this: This  could be changed if they decide to do another vote or if they try to do  another piece of legislation or something. The core of this needs to be  protected. We are here because we don't want to waste our natural  resources, which belong to the people of America and belong to the  Tribes. We want to create jobs, which is what this BLM methane waste  prevention rule does. It creates jobs, and it protects the public  health.   I believe we are going to have a couple other speakers. I know  Senator Heinrich is going to be here.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   