 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak about business  that is important to Kansas and important to the country but especially  important to the providers of healthcare for children, the children,  and their families who receive that coverage and care; that is, the  Medicaid CHIP program. It was established in 1997.   I call to the attention of my colleagues the importance of us acting  in the next several days in regard to the reauthorization extension of  the CHIP program. It has helped provide coverage to children of low- income families in my State and those individuals who would otherwise  be left without any insurance and most likely, in every case, the funds  necessary to cover healthcare costs for the well-being of those young  men and women.   This program is funded through a multiyear authorization that  requires Congress to take action each time the program reaches the end  of that authorization. The end of that authorization occurred on  September 30, now several months ago. While I have been assured in my  State that there are sufficient funds to get us through the end of the  year, I am concerned. In fact, the belief is, we may have enough funds  to pay for our insurance program through March. That certainly is  probably not the case across the United States, and we need to act  within a few short days. I hope this is an issue that is addressed, as  the continuing resolution that funds the Federal Government expires on  December 22. As we respond to that circumstance, we ought to respond to  the expiration of the CHIP program that occurred on September 30.   Waiting to reauthorize that program has already created an  unnecessary burden, but if we waited any longer, it would create even  more unnecessary burdens for families of more than 9 million children  who are currently receiving healthcare through that program.   Temporary funding measures have kept the program solvent since the  program expired, but now is the time to act, to provide some certainty  and make sure the funds continue to be available. In Kansas, it would  leave about 79,000 children without coverage or other good options.   Many of our Nation's best children's hospitals serve a great deal of  patients through that CHIP program. We are fortunate in our area to  have Children's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City, and those hospitals and  other providers rely upon the CHIP program to pay their bills as well.  With all the costs associated with healthcare and with the inability of  people to pay, the burden then falls upon hospitals and others to  figure out how they survive. In Kansas, almost every hospital--127 of  them in our State--continues to hang on by a thread, and some may not  survive. This is another opportunity for us to strengthen and provide  certainty that a mechanism will be in place so that when they provide  care to children of Medicaid families, they will be reimbursed. That  benefits all of us in our healthcare delivery system and provides more  stability and more certainty in these challenging times for healthcare  providers across Kansas.   I am happy the House of Representatives has passed reauthorization.  They did their bill. It is now time for the Senate to act. The Finance  Committee has taken its action, but this bill is still pending on the  floor of the U.S. Senate. During this Christmas season, this holiday  time, parents should not have to wonder what they will do in the  absence of this insurance program that allows their children to receive  routine care and, in many instances, lifesaving care.   Continuing to delay action on this bill is not in the best interest  of the American people. It would be nice, it would be appreciated by  Americans to see the U.S. Senate work on a program that has broad  bipartisan support but still, for some reason, can't get it across the  finish line. That finish line, I suppose, was September 30, but I would  say that finish line is now the end of the year, and specifically  December 22, with the CR expiring at that point in time. It is time for  Congress to take action in that regard.   My plea on the Senate floor this morning is for the U.S. Senate to  take legislative action and reauthorize this program, provide  certainty, and care for our country's children who are, without this  program, in significant jeopardy of having an absence of healthcare.   I appreciate the opportunity to address the U.S. Senate.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   