 Mr. President, I wish to congratulate the current  Presiding Officer for his ascension to the  [[Page S514]]  chair of the Indian Affairs Committee in the U.S. Senate. It is a  committee with a great history of bipartisan efforts working together.  It is a committee on which I was privileged to serve and still serve  and of which I have been the chairman in the past. I am looking forward  to the distinguished Senator from North Dakota taking over the mantle  of responsibility, and I know he will continue to work hard, as he has  since joining the Senate, in the efforts on behalf of so many  Americans.   I also come to the floor about what is going on in the Senate with  regard to confirming nominations in a Cabinet that I believe is truly  an all-star Cabinet--truly an all-star Cabinet. I think it gets better  as we keep confirming one nominee after another. Last week I spoke on  the floor about what a great job I believe Scott Pruitt is going to do  as head of the Environmental Protection Agency. Today I wish to talk  about two more examples.   First, there is the nomination of our friend and colleague, Senator  Jeff Sessions from Alabama, to be Attorney General. Those of us who  have served with Senator Sessions over the years know he is a man of  uncommon decency, of fairness, and of integrity. We know his dedication  to the law is absolute.   In 1999, Senator Sessions came to the floor to speak in support of  awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to Rosa Parks. In that speech, he  said: ``Equal treatment under the law is a fundamental pillar upon  which our republic rests.'' We saw Senator Sessions' devotion to this  idea again and again and again. He introduced legislation to reduce the  differences in the kinds of sentences that could be handed out to  people convicted of similar drug crimes. He teamed up with Senator Ted  Kennedy to pass legislation protecting prisoners from sexual assault  behind bars.   The job of Attorney General is to be America's top law enforcement  officer and attorney. Jeff Sessions has shown himself to be an  outstanding attorney. He worked as a frontline prosecutor. He spent 12  years as the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Alabama. He was  attorney general of the State of Alabama, and he has spent 20 years  here as a U.S. Senator.   If confirmed as Attorney General, he will be one of the most  qualified people ever to hold this job. These qualifications include an  exceptional knowledge of how the Justice Department works and the  priorities of the people who work there.    The Attorney General oversees the work of more than 100,000 people.  Most of them are law enforcement, working for agencies like the FBI and  the Drug Enforcement Administration. I think these men and women are  going to find that Jeff Sessions is their greatest champion, and I  think they are going to greet his arrival at the Justice Department  with a wonderful ovation. National law enforcement groups have already  endorsed his nomination, and so have groups representing Federal and  local prosecutors. He is going to enforce the laws passed by Congress  in a fair and impartial manner. That is exactly what America needs in  its Attorney General.   The second person I want to talk about is Congressman Tom Price. Tom  has been nominated to be the Secretary of Health and Human Services.  Just as Jeff Sessions has devoted his life to the law, Tom Price has  devoted his life to caring for the health of patients and the American  people.   Dr. Price practiced medicine for 20 years. He was medical director of  the orthopedic clinic at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta. Grady  Memorial Hospital is a public safety-net hospital in Atlanta, and many,  many of its patients are low income. Dr. Price saw each and every day  the challenges that people faced in America's broken health care  system, both the patients and the people who are trying to provide the  care. That is why he has taken health care reform so seriously as a  Member of Congress. He did as well when he was in the Georgia State  legislature. He understands and he understood immediately why so many  parts of ObamaCare simply would not work when they were passed and  signed into law some 6 years ago. Like a lot of us, he warned the  health care law would actually make things worse for millions of  Americans--and Tom Price has proven right.   It is time for the Department of Health and Human Services to have  leadership that understands that patients should not become a political  tool. Congressman Price is actually the first medical doctor to be  nominated to head the Department of Health and Human Services since  1989. That kind of knowledge and the background he has is essential for  dealing with the challenges the Department faces today.   The wheels are falling off of America's health care system. We need  leaders--leaders who are more than just professional bureaucrats, which  is what we have had. We need someone who understands health care  deeply, and who cares about putting patients first, not politics.   Tom Price has shown he can reach across the aisle to get things done.  It is what he did in the State legislature in Georgia, and it is what  he has done in the House of Representatives here in Washington. Tom  worked with Democrats to make sure that Medicare patients could  continue to get access to medical equipment like blood sugar monitors  and oxygen tanks. He did the same thing when he introduced a bipartisan  measure to stop burdensome new regulations affecting patients who need  a new hip or a new knee joint. As Secretary of Health and Human  Services, he is going to listen--listen to the best arguments of both  sides, and then he is going to do what is right for the health of the  American people.   ObamaCare has to go. It has failed miserably. We all know that. Even  Democrats in Congress who wrote the law realize how flawed it really  is. It is time for us now to focus on what can be done to replace  ObamaCare and make American health care work once again.   I have seen media reports that Democrats want to obstruct the  nomination of Tom Price as well as that of Jeff Sessions. I expect  Democrats will plan to grandstand for political purposes because they  have no real objections to either person's qualifications or  credentials.   Democrats' complaint is that they lost the Presidential election.  Well, the President deserves to have his Cabinet in place. That is why  Republicans didn't object to President Obama getting seven of his  Cabinet members on his very first day in office in 2009. By this point  in time, President Obama had a significant number of his Cabinet--over  20 members--confirmed in 2009, and we look at where we are today, with  President Trump's Cabinet and the obstruction of the Democrats. It is  unfortunate that Democrats have decided not to follow the example of  Republicans when Barack Obama came to the White House.   Political spite isn't a good enough reason for delay. Democrats need  to get over it and get on with it. Attorney General of the United  States and Secretary of Health and Human Services are big jobs. They  are important jobs, and they are necessary jobs. It is time for the  Senate to move as soon as possible to confirm both Jeff Sessions and  Tom Price to the Cabinet.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The assistant minority leader.   