 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630,  which would require each Member, officer and employee of the House to  complete anti-discrimination and anti-harassment training. Enacting  this legislation ought to be a first step toward affirming with one  voice that there is absolutely no place for discrimination nor  harassment of any kind in the Halls of Congress. But we must also do  more than agree to mandatory training.   As elected officials, we ought to be held to a higher standard.  Congress must review and improve the current administrative procedure  for victims to come forward. All harassment and discrimination  allegations must be taken seriously. After enacting this measure,  Congress must streamline the process, protect victims that wish to be  protected, and ensure all allegations of wrongdoing are investigated  with professionalism, urgency and due process.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation and encourage  the House to take whatever administrative steps are necessary to make  it easier for victims to come forward. More importantly, I respectfully  ask all of my colleagues to take a close look inward at themselves and  their offices and to put an immediate end to the cultural climate that  has allowed harassment and discrimination to tarnish the institution of  Congress. We can do better and we must.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House  Committees on the Judiciary, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630,  which requires all employees of the House of Representatives--including  Members, interns, detailees, and fellows--to complete an anti- harassment and anti-discrimination training program during each session  of Congress.   Additionally, each individual would be required to complete the  training within ninety days of the start of each session, and each new  employee to complete the training within ninety days of their hire  date.   This training must be completed every session of Congress.   The resolution directs the Committee on House Administration to issue  regulations to ensure compliance and transparency and upon passage of  the resolution, the Committee is required to promulgate these  regulations within thirty days.   Mr. Speaker, the many allegations of sexual harassment that have come  to light involving prominent individuals in the fields of government,  entertainment, business, and other fields in recent months are  appalling and intolerable.   There must be zero-tolerance for sexual harassment in our society,  and this body can set an example for the nation by declaring itself to  be sexual harassment free zone and policing itself to hold members,  staff, and associated personnel to this standard.   It is important that all persons working in this body understand that  everyone has a right to a workplace free of harassment and intimidation  and that complaints will be taken seriously and fully investigated by  the Ethics Committee or the House Administration Committee.   Mr. Speaker, this is the moment to embrace and affirm zero tolerance  for sexual harassment and assault and we must soon reauthorize and  strengthen the Violence Against Women Act to provide stronger tools to  prevent and punish sexual harassment and sexual assault.   As the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, I am  committed to doing all I can to make this happen as soon as possible.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 630 and urge all Members to  vote in favor its adoption.   