 Mr. President, it looks as though we are at it again.  Instead of fighting to make things even a little bit better for hard- working, middle-class Americans, Members of this body just want to make  life harder for those hard-working, middle-class Americans.   We have had the debate on Capitol Hill about how to strip healthcare  from 24 million Americans. We have had a conversation on Capitol Hill  on how to reduce the taxes phenomenally on the very richest Americans.  We have seen the President's one-page description of a tax plan that  consisted of a goody bag for the richest Americans, the  multimillionaires and the billionaires. But here we have another  provision just trying to sucker punch hard-working Americans because  those hard-working Americans work for companies that often don't have a  retirement plan, so they do not have a convenient way to put funds away  to prepare for retirement.   Along came the States. The States said: You know, for those workers  who don't have a retirement plan at their work, why don't we design  one, present one, so that they could automatically sign up and have  their wages--a small amount of them--put away for retirement  automatically?   Then they would go to a different job, and that job would not have a  retirement plan. Well, then, in that new job, they could have a little  bit of their wages put away automatically for retirement--not in a  manner that requires people to save. They could ``unsign'' themselves  up. This is called automatic opt in. They could say: I don't want that  3 percent put into a retirement plan. Make it 2 percent, make it 1  percent, make it 5 percent, or make it 0 percent. They would have the  control, but when they first start the job, it automatically puts away  a little bit for retirement.   I think about my son and daughter--my son who is 21 and my daughter  who is 19--and they have worked a whole series of modest little jobs,  from pouring coffee to coaching sports teams to working as a lifesaver  and so on and so forth.   What if for every single job in those companies that were not  providing those retirement plans, workers automatically had 3 percent  of their funds put away toward retirement in a low-cost option--the  same kinds of low-cost options that U.S. Senators have when they come  here to the Senate, the same types of low-cost options that every  Federal employee has? Why not give that same opportunity to ordinary  working Americans? That is what we are here talking about.   We already made it harder to set up such stand-in plans--plans that  stand in when there is no retirement plan provided by the employer. In  March, we passed another CRA making it difficult to impossible for  municipalities to create such a plan for their citizens, but the plans  probably made more sense at the State level.   Now come my friends across the aisle to say: It is not enough. It is  not enough that we hit them once by stopping the municipalities from  providing a plan. We are going to hit them again--kick them while they  are down. That is the attitude of this provision that is before the  Senate.   What we are really talking about is denying the American dream to  millions of citizens across the land who work for employers that don't  have retirement plans or who run small businesses and don't have the  administrative overhead to be able to set up a plan. This rips away the  certainty that comes with knowing that if you work hard and play by the  rules, you automatically save through one of these plans and you get a  certain level of security and a certain level of dignity in your golden  years.   Isn't it our job here in the Senate, as representatives of our  citizens and our States, to do everything we can to provide a ladder of  opportunity, to lift up the men and women of this country?   It isn't our job to say: Well, the States provided a ladder of  opportunity; so let's go tear it down. Let's take a buzz saw and saw up  that ladder of opportunity, because, wow, why would we want the States  to help out our citizens? Isn't that not our job--to try to destroy  opportunity?   But here we are with my colleagues saying: Well, as to these folks  who don't have a retirement plan set up by their employer, we are going  to make it as hard as possible for them to save money for retirement.   I hear the same folks come down here and say: Well, you know what;  wouldn't it be wonderful if everyone saved more for retirement?   Well, yes, it would be. So why don't we make it easier for them to do  so, not harder. A plan that puts no imposition on the small business-- doesn't that make a lot of sense? Isn't that a win-win? Isn't that a  blow in favor of helping out working people, rather than a blow that  knocks them down?   Today, apparently, we have a slim majority that says: No, knock them  down.   Furthermore, there is apparently a slim majority that likes to preach  on States' rights. But when it comes to States trying to address a  problem, you have a powerful special interest come to Capitol Hill and  say: Don't let it happen because, after all, maybe one of them someday  will be a customer of ours, and we wouldn't want them to be able to get  help from their State while they are waiting for us to help them.   A powerful special interest comes here, and suddenly States' right  are out the door, States' rights are out the window.   The conversation during the Presidential campaign was that we heard  about electing a President who will  [[Page S2714]]  fight for workers. Well, that was yesterday, because today we are  passing a bill that Members of the Senate expect the President himself  to sign to take a buzz saw to the ladder of opportunity for working  people--the President of the United States, I am talking about, to take  an ax to the program that makes it easier for Americans to save money  for their retirement.   Now, don't we know that public pensions are disappearing and private  pensions are disappearing? What we are left with is Social Security. If  workers don't have pensions through their jobs, and all they have is  Social Security, it is going to be pretty rough in retirement.   There is another option: to make it easier for workers to save.  According to one study from 2013, 40 percent of small business owners  had no retirement savings, 75 percent had no plans for funding their  retirement, and 55 million Americans--nearly half of the private sector  workers in America--are employed in jobs that do not offer any form of  retirement savings or pension plan.   Well, that is a lot of Americans who are only going to have Social  Security unless they save.   We know that it is much easier for them to save if they have a  workplace plan and funds go into that plan automatically, and the  individual worker can change the amount, the set-asides. They can  increase it. They can decrease it. They can stop it. They can  reactivate it. But because it is set up automatically, most workers  choose to stay in it once they are there.   Workers don't want to have a different retirement plan for when they  worked at this company and then another one at this company and another  one at that company, or companies that didn't have a plan so they had  to set up something on their own.   The idea is that this plan is portable, that you can take it from  employer to employer. These are the things that are appealing to our  State governments, which are saying: That is what will work well for  the citizens of our State.   Shouldn't we enable the States to be a laboratory of invention, a  laboratory of innovation? Shouldn't we enable them to test run whether  this works or doesn't work, instead of our taking and destroying that  pilot project, destroying that laboratory of innovation, destroying  that experiment at the State level to see if this would help make  American citizens better off?   This would all be done at the State level at no cost to businesses.  In fact, that is what businesses have liked about it. That is why they  have lobbied their State legislatures to say: Hey, maybe you would like  to do this. We are too small. It is too difficult for us to set up a  retirement plan. Maybe you all would like to design one that would be  available.   At this moment, 25 States are considering legislation to create  retirement savings accounts for small business employees that currently  aren't able to participate in a workplace retirement plan because the  workplace doesn't have one. Twenty-five States are looking at this.  Even if only one State were looking at it, shouldn't we give that State  the opportunity? Five States are looking at it--and power to them  because maybe one of the five will figure out a way to make it work and  the other States will learn from that.   Twenty-five States are looking at this because there is such an  urgent need for their citizens. Seven of those 25 States are already at  work implementing plans.   I am very proud that Oregon, my State, is one of those seven. It  plans to launch a voluntary pilot group later this summer. If that goes  well, it was planning to expand that plan over the next 2 years, and if  that goes well, it was planning to make it available to individuals  working in any job in Oregon where there wasn't a retirement plan.   That is very thoughtful. Start with a little group, expand it to a  few more, and see if it is still working. If it is a good model and the  feedback is good and you need to make some changes, you can make it on  a small scale. When it is ready to roll, if it is doing a good thing  for America's workers, for Oregon's workers, give every Oregon worker  that opportunity to easily save for retirement.   There is so much interest from the States, so much interest from the  businesses in those States for the possibility of experimenting with  these plans. Last year, the Department of Labor set up the safe harbor  rule that helps to clarify a piece of ERISA, our Federal retirement  law, to make it possible for States to pursue this. That is what is  before us today. Are we going to undo the protection to let States  experiment?   The AARP likes to point out that these State-sponsored plans would  likely increase the number of workers saving for retirement. That is  because, as they enter the workforce, they would be automatically  enrolled. They would be able to continue using that plan even if they  change jobs within the State. That would be helping them from their  very first day of employment in the workforce.   Imagine your son or daughter, age 15 or 16, getting that first summer  job or evening job or early morning job, and already they are starting  to save for retirement. It makes a big difference over their working  years, which might cover four decades or more. It makes a big  difference, whether they have anything to back them up other than  Social Security.   It is good for small businesses because not only does it free them  from feeling badly that they hadn't set up a plan, but it makes their  workers happier, more productive employees, and the businesses get to  have all that by bearing no additional costs.   It is good for taxpayers. It is good for States. It is good for  business. It is good for the workers. The only thing it is not good for  is for some powerful special interest that has failed to offer plans to  these workers but says someday it might and it doesn't want the  competition--a powerful special interest coming here to Capitol Hill to  rip down a ladder of opportunity for workers.   Is the President going to sign that after he campaigned on helping  workers? Well, yes, apparently he is because that was yesterday in a  campaign, and today is the reality of governing. Apparently, a powerful  special interest is talking to the President of the United States, and  he is helping that interest, rather than the workers of America.   He is fighting for a Federal blockade rather than for States to be  the laboratory of innovation and experimentation. He is fighting for  the billionaires, rather than for the working people of our Nation, and  that is just a terrible development to see.   Colleagues, you can change that right here. We are going to have a  close vote. So come down to this floor and place your vote with States'  rights. Come down to this floor and place your vote in ladders of  opportunity. Come down to this floor and place your vote on the side of  an average working American.   You might live in a bubble. You might live in a gated community. You  might live in a fancy world as a Senator, but these are the workers of  America who have employers who provide no retirement plan. That is who  we are talking about here.   So get out of your bubble. Get out of your elite frame of mind. Come  down to this floor and fight for the workers of America. Vote no on  this blockade to the States' addressing a fundamental need, providing a  fundamental opportunity for the workers of America to save for their  retirement.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   