 Mr. President, I enjoyed listening to the comments of my  colleague from Utah about the Affordable Care Act, and I wanted to  expand on that a little if I could. I know we are having a discussion  right now about whether to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act,  and we are focused a lot on what the timeframe might be and what the  replacement might be, which is appropriate, but we also have to remind  ourselves as to how we got here.   We got here because the Affordable Care Act has not met its promises  and has let down the people of Ohio and people around the country.  Millions of these families have already had a tough time experiencing  really a middle-class squeeze of flat wages, even declining wages, on  average, over the last decade or so, and now higher costs. That squeeze  is accelerated by the cost of health care which has gone up  dramatically.   In my own State of Ohio, the Ohio Department of Insurance has  reported a 91-percent increase in the individual market in Ohio in the  last 6 years, an 80-percent increase for small businesses that are  purchasing Affordable Care Act-compliant plans. This is since the  Affordable Care Act went into effect. Think about that. There has been  almost a doubling of health care premium costs. Who can afford that?  People certainly can't afford that as their wages are flat or even  declining.   According to the Kaiser Family Health Foundation, average family  premiums since the Affordable Care Act was put into place have  increased by more than $4,700. Recall that one of the promises of the  Affordable Care Act was that costs would go down, on average, $2,500  per family. Exactly the opposite has happened. In fact, there has been  an almost doubling, with a $4,700 increase. I don't think families got  that kind of pay increase to be able to afford that. They certainly  haven't in Ohio.   So this is a huge problem. To make matters worse, we think these cost  increases are continuing to escalate in our State and around the  country. In Ohio, premiums grew this year in 2017--on average, 13  percent higher than in 2016. So there have been double-digit increases  in 1 year. With two plans in particular, premiums went up by 39 percent  in Ohio. So for some families it was much worse than that. We have had  good leadership in Ohio with Governor Kasich and Lt. Gov. Mary Taylor,  who is also the insurance commissioner in our State, and because of  that we have done a better job of trying to control these costs, but in  many parts of the country, the situation is getting even worse.   Nationally, premiums are increasing by 25 percent just this year. In  Arizona, they are doubling. In Tennessee, they are rising 63 percent.  In Pennsylvania, right next door to Ohio, they are rising 32 percent. I  can go on and on. I am sure North Dakota has had similar problems, as  the Presiding Officer can tell us about. Some people might be able to  afford these higher premiums, but I think we just can't afford it.   I heard Senator Hatch talk about having to make a choice between  paying your rent or being able to pay your premium. That is what I hear  in Ohio as I talk to people who are struggling and are now being hit  with these huge expenses. Unless we take action, there is no light at  the end of the tunnel.   The Congressional Budget Office, which is a nonpartisan group in  Congress, and also the Joint Committee on Taxation projected that  unless we do something to change the status quo, premiums will continue  to skyrocket. They say they will grow by at least 5 percent per year  over the next decade. By the way, that is far faster than they assume  wages are going to grow so the squeeze will continue.   The law was advertised as something that would ``bend the cost  curve,'' meaning we would begin to see a reduction in the costs of  health care, but health care costs have gone up, not down, and on top  of that, American people had to pay hundreds of billions of dollars  every year in taxes for this new law. There are 19 tax increases in the  Affordable Care Act. Some of these, like the Cadillac tax, are very  unpopular, even among Democrats and Republicans. So we are hoping we  can deal  [[Page S93]]  with that with any kind of repeal effort immediately.    Another goal of this law, we were supposed to be increasing access to  health care. Let's talk about that for a second. We heard different  things on the floor about that. About 6 million people lost health  insurance they liked as a direct result of this law going into effect.  About 6 million Americans were told their coverage is no longer  adequate because it didn't meet the mandates so they will lose their  coverage. President Obama told the American people, I am told, 37  different times that if they liked their doctor, they could keep their  doctor. Of course, that turned out not to be true. When you lose your  health care plan and lose your doctor, you don't feel like those  promises have been kept.   The outside fact checker called PolitiFact rated that as the Lie of  the Year for 2013. That is the outside group that looks at what we  elected officials say is going to happen and then compares it to what  actually happens. By the way, it still is not true. One in five  ObamaCare customers were forced to find a new insurance company for  this year.   So the Congressional Budget Office that I mentioned and the Joint  Committee on Taxation, these nonpartisan groups, now project that 27  million Americans are still uninsured today. Under the status quo, if  we don't take action, they say that will be the case for the next  decade. So this notion that everybody is going to get covered just  hasn't happened. By the way, that is about 1 in 10 people in our  workforce, even after hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer  dollars have been spent on the Affordable Care Act, including these 19  new tax increases.   A lot of people have told me: Rob, I have health insurance, but I  really don't because my deductible is so high. So, forgetting the  premiums for a second, to pay for health care, just the annual  deductible has gone out of sight. There are some plans where a  deductible for a family might be $8, $9, $10,000 a year. That is not  really health care because you end up paying all that money out of  pocket. The average deductible for a midlevel plan for ObamaCare,  according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, went up to $2,500 the year  before last, 2015, to more than $3,000 last year, an increase of about  25 percent in just 1 year. You see that in increases in deductibles and  copays, not just in the premiums.   National insurers have lost billions of dollars on the Affordable  Care Act exchanges, and a lot of them pulled their plans from the  States. This is a real problem because if you don't have competition or  choice out there, you will not get the costs down. I see in my own  State of Ohio we lost one-third of the companies on the exchanges just  this year. We have gone from 17 companies offering insurance on the  exchanges in 2016, last year, to this year having just 11--so 17  companies going down to 11 companies. We now have 20 of our counties-- there are 88 counties in Ohio--20 of our counties have only 1 insurer.  This is also true nationally. About one-third of the counties around  the United States only have one insurer. Again, this leads to higher  costs, less choice, less competition. Quality also goes down because  you don't have competition for the beneficiaries. It also affects the  issue of premiums going up, deductibles going up, copays going up, and  the middle-class squeezed.   So the President's health care law certainly failed at its own goals  that were laid out in the promises that were made. It was supposed to  create jobs, too, which is a different issue. What is the economic  effect of this? Having more people covered is a good thing. We all want  that. But what is the economic impact on the way the Affordable Care  Act was put into place? We are looking at the weakest recovery in the  history of our country from a recession still. Unfortunately, we  haven't seen the strong economic growth we hoped for and had  anticipated after a deep recession. Some of the reason for that, in my  view, is health care. Health care costs went up dramatically. People  are paying a lot more for health care, not being able to get ahead,  small businesses having higher and higher costs.   If you look at the latest jobs report, it is interesting. The Bureau  of Labor Statistics tells us that 5.7 million Americans now are stuck  in part-time work who want full-time work. These are people who are  looking for a full-time job but only have a part-time job. Why is that?  The economy is not working as it should. It is not generating enough  growth to create job opportunities full-time, but it is also because of  these mandates under the Affordable Care Act. I can tell you,  economists may differ on the impact of this, but go talk to people  about it.   I was in Chillicothe, OH, and someone came up to me and asked: Can  you help me; because my employer is saying I can only work 28 hours a  week. I figured out what it was about. She was a fast-food employee. I  asked her: What did they say? And she said it was because of health  care. What does that mean? It means that under ObamaCare, if you work  under 30 hours a week, you are not covered by the mandates and the new  costs, so some employers are going to say we are keeping you under 30  hours a week. That has led to more part-time work.   In this particular case, the woman said: I have to find another part- time job and I have kids at home and this is tough. And I said: Well,  the answer to this, in part, is to change the health care law; that is,  to take out some of the mandates and requirements and make it more pro- growth and pro-job rather than the current situation.   There are tens of thousands of new pages of regulations in this new  law. It forces small businesses--and I am a small business person. I  can tell you that I have burned a lot of time and effort to try to  figure it out. You can go to consultants and pay them a bunch of money,  and they will tell you they are not sure what it means either. This is  one of the big issues that doesn't get talked about much with the  Affordable Care Act; that it is really hard for businesses to figure  out what they are supposed to do, particularly small businesses that  don't have that kind of expertise inhouse. Those costs could go toward  having more employees, they could go into reinvesting in business,  plants and equipment, but they are going into trying to figure this  thing out.    I don't doubt the good intentions of my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle who support this legislation. We all want to see more  coverage and see health care costs go down, but that is not what is  happening.   Before the Affordable Care Act went into effect, the CBO estimated  that 26 million Americans would be enrolled in a plan in 2016. That is  what they estimated. The Congressional Budget Office said 26 million  would be enrolled in a plan in 2016. The actual number was 12.7  million, less than half. So, again, it hasn't met its own promises and  projections.   The co-ops are another failure. There was a debate on the floor just  before I got elected about should there be a public option so everybody  would have an option to get into an exchange. We said let's put  together these co-ops. They will be nonprofit. They will work great. We  will set up co-ops around the country. There were 23 co-ops set up,  including 1 in Ohio. We now see that 15 of the 23 co-ops have gone  insolvent.   I will tell you that last spring, when 22,000 Ohioans lost their  health care because the co-op went belly up, it was tough because they  had to scramble and find a new health care plan quickly. More than  860,000 Americans--people who were encouraged by this law to sign up  for these co-op plans--had to scramble to find new coverage because of  a failed co-op. It is tough on these families.   It is also tough on the taxpayer. We did an investigation of this  under the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, and we looked at  what was happening to these families and we also looked at what was  happening to the taxpayer. At that time, when only about half of the  co-ops had gone under, rather than two-thirds, $1.2 billion of taxpayer  money had already been spent on these co-ops. That money isn't coming  back to the Treasury, meaning this is money that will probably never be  repaid. Again, part of the problem with our deficit is that ObamaCare  and the Affordable Care Act is so expensive, and the co-ops in  particular just wasted money. Among the surviving co-ops, 3 have not  yet enrolled 25,000 members. In other words, they are not enrolling  enough members even if they are surviving. So the nonpartisan  Government Accountability  [[Page S94]]  Office, GAO, issued a report in March which confirmed the results of  our investigation, and it indicates that this money, the $1.2 billion,  has now increased substantially because more of the co-ops have gone  under.   Many of those 22,000 Ohio families who were in the co-op had already  paid deductibles in the plans they thought they could count on. Think  about it. They paid hundreds of thousands of dollars in health care  costs to get up to their deductible, and then all of a sudden they  found out that they had to go to a new plan and they had to start all  over again. So it is adding insult to injury. They lost their plan and  they had to scramble to find one and then they found out they have all  these out-of-pocket expenses again because although they met their  deductible under the old plan, they have to start again in the new  plan. This is not the way it ought to be. It is just not fair. These  families did nothing wrong. All they did was what they were told to do,  to sign up for these co-ops.   I think these are just symptoms of the problem. The diagnosis is  clear. The Affordable Care Act is a bad law, bad economics, and bad  health care policy. It hasn't worked. I think it is difficult to make  the other argument. The President's health care law hasn't worked, not  because it didn't have good intentions but because it tried to achieve  those good intentions by forcing millions of people to buy a product  they didn't want after losing a product they did want, including a $2  billion taxpayer-funded Web site that didn't work. If you recall, they  had problems with the Affordable Care Act Web site and unfortunately  potentially exposed a lot of personal information of many of these  individuals to hackers.   As I talked about, even those who have insurance often have limited  access to providers because the deductible is so high that they can't  afford their health care.   With higher costs and fewer choices, the American people, by and  large, are dissatisfied with the plan, the Affordable Care Act, just as  they were when it was enacted. A CBS poll last month has shown that  more people disapprove of the law then approve of it. A Gallup poll in  November found that 8 in 10 Americans want the law repealed or  significantly changed--8 in 10 Americans. Why? Because they have seen  it.   By the way, most Americans were not in the exchanges, but they still  felt it. Think about this. When a company is involved in the exchanges  and losing money, and many of these companies are losing hundreds of  billions of dollars a year, what they are doing is they are cost- shifting onto private plans, onto employer-based plans, and raising the  costs for other Americans. This is part of the reason health care costs  have gone up generally, not just in the exchanges but overall.    I have certainly seen this firsthand in Ohio. Constituents have been  contacting me for the last 6 years to tell me how this health care law  has affected them. There is a father of five who wrote to me after the  cost of the family's insurance doubled. Another man saw his $100  deductible soar to $4,000 while his premiums hit $1,000 a month.   I still remember the letter I received from Dean from Sandusky. He  lost his job in 2009 as so many other Americans did during the  recession. Because he lost his job, he had to go on the individual  market to buy health insurance. He picked out a plan that worked for  him and his family. He liked it and he bought it. Once the President's  health care law went into effect, that plan was discontinued because it  didn't meet the mandates and requirements of the new law. He found  himself high and dry. He, too, had to buy another plan that was twice  as expensive, and it cost him more than half of his pension--because  that is his income. It is his pension. So not only did he lose his job,  but then he was saddled with a plan he couldn't afford and a much more  expensive cost of living. He didn't do anything wrong, but because of a  failed, mistaken approach that Congress took to health care reform, he  has now had to struggle to make ends meet.   Susan from Batavia also wrote to me. She is a single mom. She lost  the plan she liked because of the President's health care plan. She  wrote and said: I stay in shape. I watch my diet. I exercise regularly.  I do all the right things. I had a high-deductible, low-cost plan, but  under the President's new health care law, I had to change my plan.   Her coverage, by the way, was for double the price of the premium. A  single mom; tough to afford it.   Another, Susan from Columbus, OH, wrote to me and told me that she  works for a small business of 12 employees. When the health care law  went into effect, their rates went up nearly 30 percent in 1 year.  Small businesses and new businesses cannot afford that. I cannot tell  you how many small businesses I have been to where I asked them: What  have your premiums done over the last several years, and they tell me:  Double digit, Rob. Double digit. If we get an increase in the low  double digit, that is a good thing. Again, there is no place for that  to come from except for wages and benefits and cutting back on  employees--in some cases, again, not expanding a plan that they  otherwise would have because of this health care law.   It doesn't have to be this way. We can enact real health care reform  that uses the market forces that help to increase competition, that  requires insurance companies to compete for our business, that allows  people to get the plan they want, looking all around the country for  what works best for them. This burdensome health care law is standing  in the way of real reforms right now. It is hurting families in Ohio  and across the country.   The health care market was far from perfect before this law so I am  not arguing that the status quo is acceptable. I think we have to do  things not just to repeal ObamaCare but to replace the Affordable Care  Act with reforms that make better sense. We had issues before, but it  has gone to worse, not better. It accelerated the problems.   I hope that over the next couple of months, as we talk about this, we  will be able to come up with a replacement plan that makes sense.  Republicans and Democrats alike need to come to the table on this  because, again, I have listed today all the reasons the current law is  not working. The status quo is not acceptable. I think it is very hard  to argue that it is. That means all of us have a responsibility to say:  OK. How do we fix this? How do we come together, Republicans and  Democrats alike--not on a partisan basis as was done last time--to  figure out a way to do it together? We need to come together to make  sure the people we represent have the chance to get the health care  they want for them and their families, that fits them, where they can  have costs that are affordable, where they can have quality health care  that is good for them and their families, where it can be patient- centered, and we can give people the affordable care they deserve.   I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.   