 Mr. President, first I want to thank Senator Durbin for  his comments about the policy of repealing the Affordable Care Act and  not knowing what comes next, the impact it is going to have on people  from Illinois. I am going to talk about people in Maryland. I have  received similar letters showing that people are going to be adversely  impacted.   I want to share with my colleagues the conversation I had with the  secretary of health from Maryland. Maryland has Governor Hogan, a  Republican Governor, and his secretary of health met with me several  weeks ago to express his concerns about the impact on the people of my  State of Maryland if the Affordable Care Act were repealed. What I  heard from the secretary of health of Maryland was similar to what I  heard from many of the health care stakeholders from the hospital  association to physician groups, to health care advocates, to ordinary  Marylanders who have contacted me about their concerns about what  happens if we see a repeal of the Affordable Care Act.   Let me just give you some examples of how the Affordable Care Act is  working in my State and, as Senator Durbin indicated, in his State. The  uninsured rate in Maryland has dropped from 12.9 percent to 6.6  percent. That is about a 50-percent drop in the uninsured rate. That  benefits all Marylanders--all Marylanders. Yes, 400,000 Marylanders now  have health coverage who didn't have health coverage before, and for  those 400,000, that is a big deal. That means they can see a doctor and  get a physical examination. If they are ill, they can get treated and  know there are doctors and hospitals that will want to take care of  them because they have third-party reimbursement. They  [[Page S77]]  no longer have to show up in emergency rooms because that is the only  place they could get to. They can now go to a doctor and get a physical  examination.   Mr. President, it benefits more than just those 400,000 Marylanders,  who, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, have health coverage. It  affects all Marylanders because we no longer have the amount of cost  shifting of those who have health insurance paying for those who don't  have health insurance because they use the system and don't pay for it.  That dislocation has been dramatically changed in my State. So all  Marylanders are benefiting from having 400,000 Marylanders who now have  health coverage, but it goes beyond that. Many Marylanders who had  health insurance didn't have adequate health insurance. They had  restrictions on preexisting conditions. They had caps on their  policies. It didn't cover preventive health care. They now have quality  health coverage.   All of that is at risk. All of that is at risk because of what we are  talking about doing, if I understand correctly. Quite frankly, I am  still trying to figure out what the Republicans are doing to the  Affordable Care Act, but if I understand it, they are going to repeal  it, and they are not going to tell us right now how they are going to  replace it. So everything that is included in the Affordable Care Act  is at risk.   I will give you one more example of costs because I think this is an  important point. Under the Affordable Care Act, if an insurance company  wants to increase rates more than 10 percent, there are certain  procedures they have to go through, certain public disclosures. We have  a much more public process, but the number of claims of those who  wanted to increase their policies by 10 percent have dropped from 75  percent before the Affordable Care Act to now 14 percent nationally. We  have seen one of the lowest growth rates in health care costs in modern  history. Yes, the Affordable Care Act has helped us do that. Why?  Because individuals who had insurance now have coverage for preventive  health care and are saving us money. Those who didn't have health care  coverage now have health care coverage, and they are seeing doctors,  and they are saving us money because if they have a disease, it is  being caught at an earlier stage, being treated in a more aggressive  way, and they are saving more intensive health care costs. All that is  benefiting the people of Maryland and our country.   Senator Durbin mentioned several people in his State--a person in his  State--and letters. I want to talk about people in Maryland whom I have  talked to over the last several years about the impact of the  Affordable Care Act and why they are so concerned about the policy now  of repealing the Affordable Care Act.   I want to go back to 2007. That is a date that Marylanders know very  well. I want to go back to a 12-year-old, Deamonte Driver. Deamonte  Driver was a 12-year-old who lived about 10 miles from here. His mom  tried to get him to a dentist, but he had no insurance coverage, and  she couldn't find a dentist. She couldn't find a dentist who would take  care of him. Deamonte Driver needed about $80 of oral health care. He  had an abscessed tooth that needed to be removed. It would have cost  $80, and he couldn't find care in 2007 in the wealthiest country, in  America. As a result, his tooth became abscessed and it went into his  brain. He had thousands of dollars of health care costs, and he lost  his life. As a result of that incident, I, along with other members of  Congress, took up the cause of pediatric dental care to make sure every  child in America has access to pediatric dental care. That is included  in the Affordable Care Act as an essential health benefit.   Before the Affordable Care Act, very few health policies included  pediatric dental; therefore, families were at risk as to whether they  would actually use dental services because they did not have the money  to pay for them. That was changed under the Affordable Care Act. That  is at risk. That is at risk because, if I understand what is being  suggested here, we are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act and the  essential health benefits. We can't allow any more tragedies like  Deamonte Driver in America, and yet we will be putting our children at  risk if we repeal the Affordable Care Act.   There was another provision I worked very hard to get into the  Affordable Care Act that I think is extremely important. We now have a  National Institute of Minority Health and Health Disparities at the  National Institutes of Health. We have agencies that deal with minority  health and health disparities in all of our health care agencies thanks  to the Affordable Care Act. That means we are now acknowledging that  historically we have not done right for minority health in America. We  looked at a lot of the research dollars; they were not spent in areas  that minorities were impacted by. We see that access to care in certain  communities is much more challenging because of minority status. We are  looking at these issues and taking action.   The Institute sponsored a study in my home city of Baltimore. That  study showed that depending on what ZIP Code you live in, your life  expectancy could be as different as 30 years--a generation. Just your  ZIP Code. We are taking steps to change that in Baltimore thanks to the  National Institutes and the Institute on Minority Health and Health  Disparities. Are the Republicans telling us that is not needed anymore,  that we are going to repeal our efforts to look at minority health and  health disparities? That is unconscionable. Yet, if I understand  correctly, that is the course we are going to follow.   Mental health parity is another area we have talked about at great  length here. We know we still have not reached that goal to make sure  mental health receives the same attention as any other health need, but  in the Affordable Care Act, we did amazing things to expand access to  coverage for mental health and drug addiction. By expanding the  Medicaid population, we have 1.6 million Americans who now have  expanded coverage for mental health and substance abuse.   We have had great discussions in this body. I am very proud of the  Cures Act, where we expanded coverage for drug addiction. Now  Republicans are talking about taking a major step backward by repealing  Medicaid expansion that allows access to coverage for mental health and  drug addiction. To me, that is something that is unthinkable. Yet we  are moving on that path by the legislation that is before us.   Let me share a letter I received from Lillian from Baltimore. In 2008  she lost her job. She has a history of abnormal mammograms. She could  not get coverage. She could not get an insurance company to cover her  because of the preexisting concerns. She wrote: The Affordable Care Act  has worked. I have coverage.   No preexisting conditions. No longer is being a woman considered a  preexisting condition in America. Are we now going to turn our backs on  the women of America and allow these discriminatory practices that  existed before the Affordable Care Act to come back? I will tell you, I  am going to fight to do everything I can to make sure that does not  happen, and I would hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle feel  the same. But you are marching down a path that puts women at risk,  that puts Americans at risk.   We know about the caps that were in the law before the Affordable  Care Act. What do I mean by caps? That is the maximum amount your  health insurance policy will pay you. Some 2.25 million Marylanders had  caps on their policies before the Affordable Care Act--not just the  400,000 new people who have come into the system, 2.25 million  Marylanders will be impacted if we eliminate the protection against  arbitrary caps.   The tragedy about caps is that when you really need coverage, that is  when you are impacted. You get insurance to cover you. You discover you  have cancer. It is extremely expensive to treat cancer in an aggressive  way. All of a sudden, you are in the middle of treatment and you reach  your cap. What do you do? What do you do? There are real, live examples  from before we passed the Affordable Care Act. We are going to go back  to those days in the United States of America? That is what repealing  the Affordable Care Act means for 2.25 million Marylanders who are  being put at risk.   Rebecca from Baltimore told me about her daughter Eva, who is 18  months of age and has severe congenital heart defects and has gone  [[Page S78]]  through numerous operations. If caps are in place, she cannot get  adequate care for her 18-month-old daughter. Those are real, live  examples of people who are impacted by the Affordable Care Act. She  also told me: Thank you for the 26-year-old provision where you can  stay on your parent's policy. At least she knows Eva will be able to  stay on her policy until she is 26.   I heard from Nichole, who is a 22-year-old student at Towson  University. She could not get affordable health coverage and was able  to stay on her parents' policy. That is an important provision which is  being repealed by the Affordable Care Act.   I helped work on the provision in the Affordable Care Act that  provides preventive care coverage--immunizations, cancer screening,  contraception, no cost sharing. That saves money. Preventive health  care saves money. It makes our health care system more cost-effective.  That is why we decided to put a focus on preventive health care and  expand it dramatically. Now, 2.95 million Marylanders benefit from the  preventive health care requirements of the Affordable Care Act that is  included in every health policy. That will be repealed, if I understand  correctly what the Republicans are attempting to do on their repeal of  the Affordable Care Act. We don't have a replacement. We don't know  what it is going to look like. It is not easy to figure out how to put  the pieces back together again.   There is a provision in the Affordable Act that deals with prevention  and public health funds and that provides dollars to deal with some of  the real challenges we have out there--obesity, tobacco abuse. My State  is getting funds so that we can deal with healthy eating that will not  only provide a better quality of life for those who have weight issues  but also lead to a more cost-effective health care system. That will be  gone with the repeal of the Affordable Care Act.   Let me talk for a moment about health centers because I know we made  that a priority in the Affordable Care Act. Qualified health centers  are centers that are located in, in many cases, challenging communities  where it is hard to get doctors and hospitals to locate. We provide  access to care for people who have limited means. The Affordable Care  Act did two things that are extremely important in regard to  health centers. First, it provided some significant new direct  resources for those programs. Secondly, because they are in challenging  neighborhoods, they have a much higher number of people who have no  health coverage who go into these centers; therefore, their third-party  reimbursement is much lower than other health centers that are located  in better neighborhoods or more affluent neighborhoods.    The Affordable Care Act has worked in expanding dramatically the  capacities of these qualified health centers. We have 18 that are  located in Maryland. I could talk about all of them, but I have been to  the Greater Baden Medical Services center several times. It is located  in Prince George's County. They also have a center in St. Mary's  County. I have been to them many times. I have seen their new  facilities thanks to the Affordable Care Act. I have seen the building  in which they provide mental health services and pediatric dental care  and actually adult dental care also. They provide those services to the  community thanks to the Affordable Care Act. They told me that in the  very first year alone of the Affordable Care Act, they were able to  reduce their uninsured rates by 20 percent, meaning they get a lot more  money coming in and they can provide many more services. All of that  will be gone if the Affordable Care Act is repealed. I can't be silent  about that. This center is providing incredible services. It is one  thing to have third-party coverage; it is another thing to have access  to care. We provided both in the Affordable Care Act. We are not going  to go back.   I heard Senator Durbin talk about Medicare. I just want to underscore  this. This is not just about those under 65. It is about our seniors.  It is about those on disability who are covered by Medicare.   We heard about the doughnut hole. We all understood. We were getting  numerous letters from people who fell into that doughnut hole. Guess  what. Those letters are tailing off dramatically. Why? Because the  Affordable Care Act closes the doughnut hole for prescription drug  coverage. In my own State of Maryland, 80,000 Marylanders benefited in  2014 from the Affordable Care Act and better coverage for prescription  drugs, amounting to $82 million, averaging over $1,000 per beneficiary  benefit. Those over 65 have better coverage for prescription drugs. You  repeal the Affordable Care Act, and all of a sudden seniors figure out  they have to pay another thousand dollars a year for prescription  drugs. In my State, they don't have the money to do that. You are going  to again hear about prescription drugs left on the counter at the  pharmacy because of the repeal.   Guess what. It even does more than that. The Affordable Care Act  provided greater solvency for the Medicare system. I have heard my  Republican colleagues say: We are not going to do anything to hurt  Medicare. Repealing the Affordable Care Act hurts Medicare. It hurts  the coverage and it hurts the solvency. I don't want to be part of  that. I would hope my colleagues don't want to be part of that. Yet  repealing the Affordable Care Act does that.   Let me talk for a moment about affordability. It is one thing to have  coverage; it is another thing whether you can afford that coverage. We  heard all of these stories about the increased premiums, and we know,  of course, that insurance premiums in America have gone up at a slower  growth rate than they did before the Affordable Care Act. That is a  fact. But we do hear about the individual market within the exchanges  and how that has gone up by a significant amount, mainly because of the  way it was originally rated. We have heard about that. But perhaps what  many people don't know is that in my State and around the Nation, 75  percent of the people who qualify for private health insurance within  the exchanges are eligible for credits. In other words, we are helping  them with the affordability of their health care. In my State, that was  $200 million a year to help Marylanders pay for health insurance. That  will be gone with the repeal of this Affordable Care Act. That is  wrong.   I received many letters from small business owners. One of the proud  parts of the Affordable Care Act is that it helped our small business  owners. Why? If you ran a small business, you wanted health insurance  for your employees because you wanted to keep them well. You were  discriminated against before the Affordable Care Act. You didn't have a  big pool. God forbid one of your employees gets really sick during the  year; your insurance premium goes through the roof. That is what was  happening before the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Are we going  to go back to the days where we tell small companies: You really can't  get health insurance because if someone gets sick, you lose your  policies basically. That is what we are talking about.   Annette of Bel Air, MD, wrote to me. She said she has saved  significant money as a small business owner as a result of the  Affordable Care Act. Tim from Laurel, MD, told me that in his small  business, he saved $7,000 a year thanks to the Affordable Care Act. The  reason is simple: You have broader pools, and you get the same type of  rates larger companies get now. You will lose that with the repeal of  the Affordable Care Act.   Let me tell you about one of the tragedies of this that will happen  immediately, affecting America's competitiveness and entrepreneur  spirit. We know that a lot of people who work for big companies have  great ideas, and they want to start out on their own. I have seen that  over and over again in the biotech industries of Maryland. I go down  the 270 corridor, the 95 corridor. I see small entrepreneurs who used  to work for one of the giant defense contractors, and now they are  pulling out and coming up with new ideas, doing things in a great way.  That is what makes America a great nation. That is how we create jobs  and how we deal with innovation.   Here is the situation. You are a 30-something-year-old, ready to  leave that company and go out on your own. Your spouse has cancer. What  do you do? You are not going to be able to get coverage. You are locked  into that job. That will be a consequence of the repeal of the  Affordable Care Act. We are  [[Page S79]]  dealing with real people and real people's lives. It is irresponsible  to repeal the Affordable Care Act and not tell that young entrepreneur  what he or she can expect. That is what is at stake.   There is one last point I want to talk about, and that is the  Patients' Bill of Rights. I helped draft the Patients' Bill of Rights.  It was not easy to pass the Patients' Bill of Rights. We were able to  get it in the Affordable Care Act. We were able to get in the right  that--you go to an emergency room. Under a prudent layperson standard,  you did the right thing. You find out you didn't have that heart attack  even though you had chest pains. Then you wake up the next morning and  find out your insurance company is not paying the bill because you  didn't have that heart attack. We changed that in the Affordable Care  Act.    Are we going back, eliminating those protections, the right to appeal  decisions or are we going to repeal that part of the Affordable Care  Act? Are we going to go back to medical loss ratios, where insurance  companies can make obscene profits and not rebate those excess profits  to their policyholders when we have millions of people receiving  rebates today? All of that is gone with the repeal of the Affordable  Care Act.   Mr. President, I could go on and on, but I see my colleague Senator  Kaine is here and others who want to speak on this issue.   Let me conclude with this. This is the wrong way to go about this. I  heard the leader say that for 6 or 7 years--for 6 or 7 years--Democrats  have been trying to work with Republicans to make the law even better.   We have never passed a major law that didn't need to be revisited. We  understand that. We have been working to try to improve the law--not  repeal it--improve it, build on it, make it better, and we have gotten  no help from Republicans, not any help whatsoever.   Republicans have blocked efforts to improve this law. Instead, they  are stuck on this repeal without knowing what the replacement is going  to be. That is wrong. We should be working together to improve our  health care system, but to pass a repeal, to put Americans at risk will  lead to uncertainty, which will lead to insurance companies abandoning  the market, giving consumers less choice rather than more choice. To  hurt millions of Americans is wrong, and I urge my colleagues to reject  this approach.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, may I ask my colleague to yield for just  one moment?    Thank you. I appreciate the courtesy. I just wanted to  take this time to welcome Senator Van Hollen to the Senate. Senator Van  Hollen gave his maiden speech from the desk that was held by Senator  Mikulski. I know Senator Mikulski would be very proud of what he said  here on the floor and very proud of Senator Van Hollen being here in  the Senate. I look forward to working with him.   I want to tell the people of Maryland and the people of this Nation  that what you heard tonight, you heard a person who is committed to  making our system work, who is committed to working with every Member  of the Senate. But he will stand up for the principles and will stand  up on behalf of the people of Maryland.   Again, welcome. It is wonderful to have him here in the Senate.   