 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 2874,  the 21st Century Flood Reform Act.   This act is near and dear to my heart. That is how I make my  livelihood. I am a real estate developer. We build houses. We build  commercial projects. All that stops unless reform is made in the Flood  Insurance Program. This bill proposes major reforms to one of the  Federal Government's most broken programs, the National Flood Insurance  Program.   The Government Accountability Office has labeled the NFIP a high-risk  program mainly because policyholders often pay premiums well below the  actual risk of flooding on their properties.   H.R. 2874 requires FEMA to conduct an annual actuarial review of the  status of the NFIP that will allow FEMA to adjust rates appropriately  and help maintain the program's financial stability.   Currently, there are 4.92 million NFIP policies providing $1.23  trillion in coverage to Americans. Many of these properties are what  this bill defines as multiple loss properties, where NFIP claims have  been filed repeatedly.   This bill requires FEMA to raise premiums on multiple loss properties  by 15 percent annually if the premiums do not reflect the full risk.  This is just another step toward FEMA improving the financial stability  of the NFIP.   Often, with the Federal Government, there are changes and agreements  made behind closed doors with little or no public comment. H.R. 2874  requires FEMA to publish an explanation and to hold public hearings in  regards to any changes to premiums on policies. This is an excellent  example of making the government more transparent and helping  policyholders more accountable.   Lastly, the 21st Century Flood Reform Act requires the Government  Accountability Office to conduct a study on how we can simplify the  NFIP. With our country being battered by hurricanes and heavy rainfall,  we need to ensure that the NFIP is placed in sound financial footing  for future generations.   Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this  all-important legislation.   