 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the  nomination of Scott Pruitt to serve as the Administrator of the  Environmental Protection Agency. The Environmental Protection Agency,  or EPA, is tasked with  [[Page S1260]]  protecting human health and the environment, including our precious  air, land, and water. This is clearly one of the most critical missions  in the Federal Government.   Americans believe that a great country deserves safe drinking water,  clean air, and to know that the products we use are safe. And Americans  care about continuing this legacy for future generations, believing  that we should leave the environment in good shape or better than we  found it, and that is where the EPA comes in.   Before the Agency was created in 1970, a hodgepodge of inconsistent  State and city regulations proved to be inadequate for protecting the  right of Americans to have a clean, safe environment. Before the EPA,  in some cities in this country, the air was so polluted that during the  day, drivers could barely see the car in front of them. Studies  indicate that the air in the 1950s in Los Angeles, as measured by  particulate matter and ozone pollution, was worse than it is in Beijing  today. Our rivers, including the Cuyahoga River in Cleveland, caught  fire. Schools were built on toxic chemical dumps. I know the thought of  public health risks like these sound preposterous today, but this was  all the case back before the EPA. It took parents and regular citizens  standing up and demanding better to finally force action. In 1970,  President Richard Nixon and a Democratic Congress worked in a  bipartisan manner to create the EPA.   Let me be clear. The EPA is not perfect. There are many instances  when I have stood up to the Agency because I felt its actions were not  in the best interests of Minnesotans. That said, since the creation of  the Agency, the EPA has significantly improved our public health and  our environment by cleaning up our air and cleaning up our water.   We still have a lot of work left to do. Yet we are now faced with a  President and an EPA nominee who want to gut the Agency and reverse the  progress we have made. President Trump has repeatedly attacked  environmental protections and the EPA. He has called to ``get rid of''  the Agency. And during an interview with FOX News, Candidate Trump said  of the EPA: ``What they do is a disgrace.'' And now he is in a position  to try to implement his stated goal of gutting the EPA--gutting the  EPA, that is right. He wants to slash critical public health and  environmental safeguards, and to do this, he handpicked Mr. Pruitt.   Mr. Pruitt intends to prevent the EPA from protecting public health  and the environment by reducing the budget by two-thirds. Trump  transition team member Myron Ebell made these plans clear. Mr. Pruitt  will cut and then cut some more and then cut some more, until the  Agency we trust to keep us safe is no bigger than it was when Richard  Nixon was President.   So what exactly should we cut? Which aspect of public health and our  environment is in need of less protection and research? Well, let me  tell you about some of the things the EPA has accomplished since its  creation.   The EPA helps protect us from toxins. From 1948 to 1988, 30 million  homes were treated for termite infestation with two related, very  longlasting chemicals: heptachlor and chlordane. These chemicals are  among the 12 worst known persistent organic pollutants--a rogues'  gallery called the dirty dozen. A long-term study found that millions  of Americans have these chemicals in their blood and in their fat and  that the higher the levels, the more likely a person is to suffer from  dementia, type 2 diabetes, prostate cancer, testicular cancer, breast  cancer, or lymphoma.   The problems arising from heptachlor and chlordane are still with us,  but at least they are not getting worse. Why? Because hard work by EPA  scientists helped expose the risks of these chemicals and led them to  be banned in the United States in 1988. The world didn't catch up to  the protection offered to the American people by our EPA until an  international ban came into effect in 2001.   The Agency also determined that lead in our paint and lead in our gas  caused terrible public health problems, and they got the lead out. In  the 1970s, 88 percent of American children had elevated levels of lead  in their blood. Now the number is less than 1 percent.   However, we know that the battle against old toxins is far from over,  as the disastrous lead poisoning in Flint, MI, tragically reminds us.  We also know that new risks appear every year. That is why Congress  recently passed bipartisan legislation to allow the EPA to take action  on the most concerning toxic chemicals, including asbestos. Slashing  the EPA budget endangers future progress and will not make us better  off, will not make us safer, will not make our children safer.   The EPA has also made our air cleaner. Thanks to the EPA, we have  reduced air pollution--like smog and ozone and particulate matter--by  more than 70 percent since 1970, thus preventing millions of asthma  attacks, hospital visits, lost workdays, and more than 100,000  premature deaths every year. At the same time, the American economy has  grown 240 percent.   The Agency was also instrumental in the phaseout of harmful  substances responsible for depleting the ozone layer. The ozone layer  shields us from harmful ultraviolet radiation that leads to sunburns  or, worse, skin cancer. Thanks to the work of the EPA and other Federal  agencies in cooperation with the international community, ozone  depletion has now stopped and the layer has begun to regenerate.   The EPA has also made our water cleaner. The Agency invests billions  in drinking and wastewater infrastructure every year through the Clean  Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds. These funds are  particularly important to rural communities.   What is more, the EPA is actually saving consumers money. Take the  fuel efficiency standards that require car companies to manufacture  vehicles that go farther on a gallon of gas. These standards both  reduce air pollution and save people money. Thanks in part to the EPA,  from 1975 to 2013, the average fuel economy of a car sold in the United  States more than doubled. Further increases in fuel economy standards  under the Obama administration mean that if you buy a new car, you can  expect to save an average of $7,300 on gas during the lifetime of that  vehicle. As a whole, Americans will save $1.7 trillion at the pump.   This is just a small subset of what the EPA has accomplished over the  years to protect public health and the environment. And I didn't even  mention cleaning up toxic waste sites or testing foreign products for  lead and mercury. But if Mr. Pruitt is confirmed to lead the EPA, all  this progress and continued work is at risk.   As the attorney general of Oklahoma, Mr. Pruitt put the will of his  corporate donors above the public interest time and time again, suing  the Agency 18 times--suing the EPA 18 times--to block clean air and  clean water protections. Now Mr. Pruitt wants to run the EPA, but he  refuses to say that he will permanently recuse himself from those  lawsuits that are still pending. Thus, he would be both the defendant  and plaintiff in those cases. This is a bizarre world nomination. We  cannot allow this type of conflict of interest at the EPA.   As attorney general, he failed to take environmental protections  seriously. He dismantled the environmental protection unit within the  AG's office, and in particular Mr. Pruitt's record shows a disdain for  protecting the air we breathe. He filed three lawsuits to block EPA  health standards for smog, soot, mercury, arsenic, lead, and other air  pollutants. His actions directly threaten those who suffer from asthma  and other lung conditions. We can't go back to the air we had in the  1970s. We can't afford the air Beijing has today.   Mr. Pruitt is so ideologically driven to protect the interests of  oil, gas, and other polluters that he even gets in the way of clean  energy projects that would create jobs. Take for example the Plains &  Eastern Clean Line, a high-voltage transmission project that President  Trump has identified as an infrastructure priority. It will bring clean  wind power from the heartland to power-hungry cities. As Oklahoma  attorney general, Mr. Pruitt did everything he could to kill that very  same project.   Even more concerning to me is Mr. Pruitt's years of opposition to the  renewable fuel standard, the RFS. This program is vital in our fight  against dirty air, and it also greatly benefits Minnesota's rural  economy. It is certainly better to drive our cars on  [[Page S1261]]  biofuels from the Midwest than on oil from the Middle East. I know that  Mr. Pruitt pledged during his hearing to honor the RFS, but this same  law provides him with an important loophole: The RFS permits the head  of the EPA to reduce the congressionally mandated levels of biofuel  production. I, for one, do not trust an avid opponent of the RFS to now  be responsible for its implementation.   During the confirmation hearings, my Democratic colleagues pushed Mr.  Pruitt on climate change. His answers were not reassuring. Unlike our  new President, Mr. Pruitt did not call climate change a ``hoax.''  Instead, he was more subtle, repeatedly saying: ``The climate is  changing, and human activity impacts are changing climate in some  manner.'' Those words are intentionally deceptive. They are meant to  sound reasonable but also to excuse inaction. If we look at Mr.  Pruitt's record, it shows that he has been steadfastly against action  on climate change, including a suit to block the first requirements for  powerplants to reduce their carbon emissions. Let me remind you that  these requirements are based on Supreme Court rulings from a  conservative majority Court at that.    In a 2007 decision, Massachusetts v. the EPA, the Supreme Court found  that the EPA had authority to regulate greenhouse gases under the Clean  Air Act. It also directed the EPA to assess whether climate change  endangers public health, which the Agency correctly determined it does.  The Court further ruled that because of this hazard, the EPA is  obligated to regulate greenhouse gases.   During his hearing, Mr. Pruitt made clear that all he wants to do is  transfer more environmental protection duties to the States, but there  are two major problems with that. First, 50 States each implementing  different requirements is both inefficient and likely to lead to a race  to the bottom. There are many States that will be tempted to trade away  the long-term public health of their citizens for the quick financial  rewards that will come if they are able to lure businesses from other  States with the promise of lax environmental regulations.   All Americans deserve a clean environment. If States want to  innovate, free them to do better than our national standards, but there  needs to be an EPA that can make sure they don't do worse than our  national standards.   While my State of Minnesota has been a leader in environmental  protection, the second problem with the State-by-State approach is that  pollution doesn't respect State boundaries. The people of my State  should not suffer ill effects of pollution from States upwind.   Mr. Pruitt also implied during his hearing that the EPA's regulations  are killing jobs, suggesting we must either choose employment and  economic prosperity or public health and environmental protection, but  this is a false choice. We know we can and must in fact have both.  Addressing environmental challenges like climate change will not only  help prevent unprecedented damage to our economy but will also spur  economic growth and innovation.   My home State of Minnesota has shown how we can do this. In 2007,  under a Republican Governor, we established a renewable energy standard  that produced 25 percent of our power from renewable sources by 2025.  We established an energy efficiency resource standard requiring  utilities to become a little more efficient every year. We established  an aggressive target to reduce greenhouse gases by 80 percent by 2050,  and we are national leaders in biodiesel blending requirements. These  policies have not led to economic ruin in Minnesota. They have led to  economic development--rural economic development--as we harvest the  wind and Sun and convert our biomass into energy. We are investing in  clean energy technology not only because it cleans up the air but  because it creates thousands of jobs. In fact, a clean energy economy  now employs more than 50,000 people in Minnesota, and it will continue  to grow.   In 2005, 6 percent of Minnesota's electricity came from renewable  sources. Today it is almost 25 percent, and we continue to go higher.  In addition to good jobs for Minnesotans, this transition brought a 17- percent decline in power sector greenhouse gas emissions during a  decade when the population of Minnesota increased 7 percent. It is  clear that an EPA led by Mr. Pruitt will not move us in the direction  Minnesota is going.   Americans expect and deserve clean water, clean air, and a hospitable  environment. Although EPA is far from perfect, the Agency has shown  that a cleaner environment is compatible with economic growth. In fact,  cleaning the environment helps drive economic growth. We cannot afford  to entrust the EPA to Mr. Pruitt or anyone else who has a history of  putting polluters' interests above the public's and above the economy  as a whole. We cannot afford to entrust this Agency to someone the  President has handpicked to slash its budget and to prevent it from  carrying out its mission. Mr. Pruitt represents a step backward, not a  step forward. He is maybe the last person who should be the next leader  of the EPA. I will oppose this nomination, and I call on my colleagues  to do the same.   Mr. President, I yield the remainder of my postcloture debate time to  Senator Schumer.   But first, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Mr. President, would my friend, the Senator from  Wyoming, read back the part that he said earlier in the speech about  Democrats doing this, the reasons we are delaying? Would he do me that  favor?   The reason I am raising this is that we had a parliamentary question  back when Elizabeth Warren was speaking on the Sessions nomination  which, I guess, the majority leader questioned whether she was, in that  case, questioning the motives or actions of a fellow Senator.   It seems to me that the Senator from Wyoming, whom I respect, was  doing the same about Democrats in the Senate.    Mr. President, I have a parliamentary inquiry for the  Parliamentarian.    Mr. President, it seems to me that that is imputing to  Democrats' actions and motives not becoming of a U.S. Senator.    I made a parliamentary inquiry, and I would appreciate  an answer.    Can I get some explanation?    Mr. President, can I have a minute?    Mr. President, may I ask the Chair for permission to  speak for a minute.    Thank you. I had no intention of actually filing a rule  XIX objection. My point is--and the reason is because I didn't want to  delay things.   But we have a nominee here who has sued the EPA 18 times. The reason  we are doing this is because we don't think this nominee is qualified.  It has nothing to do with us not recognizing the results of the  election, and I actually take offense to that.   I don't know why the Presiding Officer ruled the way he did because I  think it is obvious that it is imputing motives unbecoming to Senators,  by saying that we don't recognize the legitimacy of the election and we  are pretending that Hillary Clinton won the election.   I am just raising this as a point, which is that Senators do this  routinely, and if every time we raised a rule XIX on something like  that, we would delay--if you want to accuse people of delaying the  Senate--    I appreciate it. I thank very much the Presiding Officer  and I thank the Senator from Wyoming.   I am just making a point here.   