 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas,  Chairman Smith, for his continued leadership on the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee, and for bringing forward this important  legislation.   H.R. 353, the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of  2017, prioritizes improving weather forecasting for the protection of  lives and property at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration. This is a core program of the agency that has been in  need of improved direction and investment for years.   The bill directs NOAA to develop plans to restore our country's  leadership in weather forecasting. It is no secret that many people in  our weather community are distraught that our forecasting capacities  have deteriorated in recent years. Some even say that America no longer  has the best weather prediction system in the world. In fact, we  routinely rely on forecasts of other countries to predict what will  happen in this country. This  [[Page H2665]]  is unacceptable, but I am glad we are here today to pass legislation  that will dramatically improve our weather forecasting system.   The bill before us today enhances our ability to predict severe  weather by focusing research and computing resources on improved  weather forecasting, quantitative observing data planning, next  generation modeling, and an emphasis on research-to-operations  technology transfer.   As a Representative from Oklahoma, I understand the need for accurate  and timely weather predictions firsthand. Every year, the loss of life  from deadly tornadoes in my home State are a stark reminder that we can  do better to predict severe weather events and provide longer lead  times to protect Americans in harm's way.   I am proud that this legislation has a dedicated tornado warning  improvement program. The goal of this program is to reduce the loss of  life from tornadoes by advancing the understanding of fundamental  meteorological science. This will allow detection and notifications of  severe weather that are more accurate, effective, and timely.  Constituents in my home State will benefit greatly from longer tornado  warning lead times, which will save lives and better protect property.   Being better prepared for severe weather events is of the utmost  important. The bill will improve our forecasting by encouraging  innovations and new technologies through a joint technology transfer  fund at NOAA's Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research. This  transfer is essential to get new forecasting, models, and technologies  out of the research side of NOAA and into the operational forecasts to  better protect our country.   Furthermore, the legislation will enhance our forecasting by  directing NOAA to engage new commercial data and private sector  solutions. This legislation includes a pilot project, which will  provide NOAA a clear demonstration of the valuable data from commercial  technologies. The private sector has the potential to aid our  forecasting skill while reducing government cost with innovative  solutions. In order to increase our weather skills, we must not limit  ourselves by solely relying on government data.   This legislation packs in multiple efforts to protect lives and  property from severe weather. From encouraging new technologies both  inside and outside of NOAA to the careful planning and prioritization  of weather research, this legislation will put our country back on  track to be a world leader in weather prediction.   The time has come for Americans to have the most accurate and timely  weather predictions. They deserve nothing less.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for the bill.   