 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate the time to speak on this important  subject. While it is important, it is also embarrassing somewhat to us,  because I listen to the other side, and the first thing that the  chairman does over here is he shows a New York Times ad. And because of  The New York Times ad at the time of Roe v. Wade, he suggests that we  should turn over Roe v. Wade because it is antiquated.   Well, in 1791, the Second Amendment was adopted, and we had pistols,  and we had guns that you could shoot one bullet at a time; and  yesterday, we had a man in Las Vegas with guns who could shoot ``da da  da da da da da da da'' and kill 59 people and wound 500.   If you get me an ad from 1791, those weapons were not in that ad, but  do they talk about changing the Second Amendment, do they talk about  protecting Americans from that type of violence? No. They come here and  talk about protecting the unborn, forgetting about the rights of women  guaranteed them by Roe v. Wade, the law of the land, which is the law  of the land that says viability comes at 24 weeks.    They talk about what they say are medical experts and a substantial  body of medical evidence. What they don't tell you is the American  College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists are against this bill, and  there is no medical group or medical society in this country that is  for this bill, but they know more about medicine and about pain for the  unborn than do the doctors and the scientists.   They bring this to us, an unconstitutional bill, an unconstitutional  bill that the CBO estimates will cost us from $65 million to $335  million over 10 years. Their concern about the budget goes out the  window.   The truth of the matter is this goes back to the Rules Committee  debate on this bill. We were told: It is popular; the polls show people  want this.   This is a political bill that has had no hearing in the Judiciary  Committee, had no markup in the Judiciary Committee. That is called  regular order, something we were promised by the Speaker, a new day in  Congress. We were going to have opportunities for both sides to debate,  the kind of things John McCain, a great American hero, sees as wrong in  the Senate, which is just as wrong in the House: two sides coming  together to debate, to vote, to amend, to discuss. No.   It comes straight to the floor because it is politically popular,  more politically popular this week than having a bill to allow for  silencers for weapons, which was going to be the bill du jour for this  week, but it was pulled.   Instead, we got this unconstitutional law that flies in the face of  Roe v. Wade, takes rights away from women and treats them without  exceptions that are necessary to make a law proper concerning rape and  incest.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The bottom line is, this bill is unconstitutional, an attack on  women's rights, an attack on the Constitution, and we should be looking  at changes in our laws about guns and violence, at least mental health,  something to respond to what happened in Las Vegas, instead of another  moment of silence.   