 Mr. President, I thank Senator Wyden.   Mr. President, if we want to cut taxes for the middle class, as my  colleagues keep saying, then let's cut taxes for the middle class.  Instead of giving the money to the corporations and hoping it trickles  down, let's cut out the middleman. Let's put the money directly in the  pockets of working families.   I will say that again. Instead of giving the money to corporations  and hoping it trickles down, cut out the middleman and put the money  directly in the pockets of working families. I will keep saying this,  because tax reform should be that simple.   I spent the last 2 weeks, and in particular the past 2 days, working  with Senators Rubio and Lee on a good-faith effort to bring the child  tax credit into this conversation.   I don't believe their proposal goes far enough because it fails to  index the CTC for inflation. For inflation, it is temporary. Remember,  the tax cuts for individuals are temporary; the tax cuts for  corporations are permanent. It continues to be tied only to payroll  taxes. It ignores the burdens we place on working families.    We can find trillions--trillions--for corporations. This is all we  can do for working families?   Unfortunately, while Senators Lee and Rubio were making a real effort  at middle-class tax cuts, and I thought we were close to a bipartisan  bill that could save this bill, it didn't happen. Republican  leadership--coming down the hall from Senator McConnell's office-- swooped in and made it clear that this bill is being written to benefit  one class of people: corporations that shift jobs overseas and their  CEOs.   While Senators' sons and daughters will do just fine under this  proposal--they will get the full tax cut for their children--working  families will pay the price.   What we should do--frankly, what we must do--is vote this bill down  and start over.   Senators Rubio and Lee and I could work together, along with our  colleague, Senator Bennet, to pass real middle-class tax cuts built  around a compromise that begins with our shared goals on the child tax  credit. That is where we start because, right now, this bill is not a  tax cut for working families. Everybody on this side of the aisle knows  it. Every single person knows it. Whether they were personally a CEO,  whether they were an accountant, whether they were a lawyer in a small  town, they all know this is not a cut for middle-class families.   Right now this bill is a massive giveaway to multinational  corporations that outsource American jobs. We know the companies shut  down in Mansfield, OH, in Zanesville, in Lima, and in Chillicothe, they  get a tax break, they move overseas, build a new factory, and sell  those products back into the United States. We know that is what has  been happening. We choose not to fix that and instead we do more of the  same.   Even before we take into account the loss of healthcare coverage for  tens of millions of Americans, a full 62 percent of these tax cuts will  go to the top 1 percent of households by the end of the decade. Sixty- two percent of these tax cuts go to the top 1 percent of households.  Even with the Bush tax cuts, which were clearly weighted way too much  to the wealthiest people in our country--the most privileged--that was  only 27 percent of those tax cuts, those benefits that went to the  wealthiest 1 percent.   So let's end the charade that this bill is a tax cut for ordinary  Americans. It is simply not.   Their CEO pals have let the cat out of the bag. Bloomberg said this  morning: ``Instead of hiring more workers. . . .'' My friends on the  other side of the aisle say, if we cut taxes on corporations, it will  raise wages, and they will hire more workers.   Bloomberg said: ``Instead of hiring more workers or raising their  pay, companies say they will first increase dividends or buy back their  own shares.''   That is what they always do. They take the money for themselves. They  take the money for stockholders and stock buybacks and more executive  compensation. The corporate CEOs couldn't be clearer: They are keeping  the money for themselves. It is not going into the pockets of workers.   Again, take out the middleman. If you want to do tax cuts for the  middle class, then do tax cuts for the middle class. If my colleagues  mean what they say--if they want to cut taxes for the middle class-- work with us bipartisanly on a good child tax credit that will really  work for working families and cut taxes directly for the middle class.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, without the Brown-Bennet amendment, a  Senator's kid gets more tax relief than the daughter of a family in  Garfield Heights, OH, who makes $40,000 a year. I will say that again.  A Senator's kid gets more tax relief than the daughter of a family  earning $30,000 or $40,000.   Brown-Bennet is permanent; Rubio-Lee isn't.   Brown-Bennet provides more for small children at the most important  time in their young lives.   My wife and I live in Cleveland, OH, in ZIP Code 44105. Our ZIP Code  had more foreclosures in 2007 than any ZIP Code in the United States of  America. This amendment helps to answer that. ZIP Codes should not be  the determining factor for the future of a child.    Madam President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable  sections of that act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask  for the yeas and nays.   