 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding and giving me an opportunity to speak on such a critically  important topic.    You know, I served for 26\1/2\ years, Mr. Speaker, in the United  States Air Force. I pinned Purple Hearts on the chests of some of my  troops that had gone into harm's way. I know the stress and strain on  military families and on military members. I represent a district that  arguably is one of the largest, if not the largest, veteran-populated  districts in the State of Ohio, with nearly 50,000. And yet today, in  2017, we see 20 veterans per day, 1 every 72 minutes, committing  suicide.   What does that say about us as a nation when we send our young people  off in uniform to stand in harm's way, to protect our freedoms, to  protect our liberties, to protect our values and way of life, and then  when they come home we can't get them the help that they need when they  are down?   One of the saddest days since I began serving the people of eastern  and southeastern Ohio was the day I got a call from a young wife of a  military member. She said she had been dealing with the VA for quite  some time to get her husband an appointment with a mental health  counselor, all to no avail. He couldn't get in, couldn't get in,  couldn't get in.   I stopped by the VA center one day. I asked to speak to the director,  gave the young man's name, and I said: I would like to see the status  of his appointment.   They looked him up in the system, and they said: Well, you will be  happy to know, Congressman, that he has got an appointment next  Wednesday.   I said: Well, I am actually here to tell you that you can cancel that  appointment because he committed suicide last week.   He had been waiting for weeks and weeks and weeks to get in to see a  mental health counselor, struggling with PTSD and the emotional and  mental battle scars that came back with him from combat overseas. You  know, it is one thing that we send our young people away to fight for  us on foreign soil. Imagine for a second what their families go through  when they are gone day in and day out, not knowing if they are going to  get that call or that knock at the door to tell them that their loved  one has been injured or, worse, killed in action. And then we bring  their loved one home, and they are helpless in terms of getting them  the care and the treatment that they need.   I agree with my colleague: we need to do more. The agencies, the VA,  the Department of Defense, mental health counselors all over the  country, Congress, families, communities, we need to do more to help  our veterans get back on their feet after they have participated in  that inhumane, disastrous, catastrophic event known as war.   Mr. Speaker, it almost leaves you speechless to think about the  millions of families that are impacted by this, 20 per day--20 per day.  One per day is unacceptable, but yet we are seeing 20 per day.   I urge my colleagues and I urge our agencies in the Federal  Government--the VA, the DOD--let's get behind an effort, and let's turn  this trend in the opposite direction.   Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the time to speak.   