 Mr. President, I think I am the only one standing between  this body and a vote on something that 2 years ago I didn't know  existed, and that is a ``vote-arama'' in local Senate terms. Being an  outsider to the political process, I find a lot of this very strange.   I came to Washington, and now I have a new vocabulary. It includes  things like ``scoring,'' which doesn't have anything to do with sports,  ``vote-arama,'' which doesn't have anything to do with the carnival  down the road, or ``deficit-neutral reserve fund.'' I am still trying  to figure out what that is; I see the Presiding Officer is smiling up  there. Then there are ``points of order.'' There is a vocabulary  centered around what we are going to be doing this afternoon, but I  want to speak to the budget process itself.   First of all, I want to be very clear with my colleagues on both  sides. I support this budget that we are going to vote on today for one  very strong reason. It is a vehicle to get to tax reform in the United  States. I will not speak on taxes today in the few minutes that I have,  but I do want to speak about the process.   What we are doing in America right now in the Senate and the  Congress--and what we have been doing over the  [[Page S6617]]  last 43 years--is losing the right to do the right thing. Let me say  that again. We are losing the right to do the right thing.   Just a few weeks ago, we voted without batting an eye for $15 billion  of allocated funds for the victims of two hurricanes in Florida, Texas,  and other southern States, with every dime of that money in borrowed  money. We have to go to China and other places and borrow that money so  we can spend and do the right thing. That is not an embellishment or an  exaggeration.   What about research for the rising, spiraling cost of our healthcare,  driven by Alzheimer's, cancer, and diabetes? We spend about the same  amount of money on that as we spend on all foreign aid. Yet, if we were  to do more, we could cure those heinous diseases and lower our medical  costs. We can invest in our infrastructure. We can absolutely take care  of victims of wildfires, and now we have Puerto Rico.   Tonight we are going to be asked to vote up or down on a supplemental  bill for some $30 billion-plus for the needs of these catastrophes. We  have lost the right to do the right thing, which is, of course, to meet  those needs.   Here is the biggest one. You just heard my great colleague, Senator  McCain from Arizona. He is the chairman of the Armed Services  Committee, of which I am a member. He talked about how decimated our  military is from a funding standpoint. He talked about readiness. He  talked about capitalization. But today, we are borrowing every dime we  spend on our military, on our veterans, and on every domestic  discretionary program in the United States. That is a fact. Where do we  get the money when we run out of our own money? We spend every dime of  our own. By the way, we collected over $3.5 trillion of Federal tax  revenue last year. It is the largest amount America has ever collected  in income taxes and total taxes for the Federal Government--the most we  have ever collected--but all of that money goes to mandatory expenses.   As a matter of fact, since 2000, under one Republican President and  one Democratic President, our government has grown from $2.4 trillion  to $4 trillion. That is not the worst of it. The worst is yet to come.  We have added in two Presidencies $14 trillion to our Federal debt. Of  our $20 trillion, $14 trillion of it was added under these two  Presidents.   In the next 10 years, the current budget under which we are working  will add another $11 trillion to our debt.   Here is the problem. The blue line here is what you heard Senator  McCain talk about earlier. That is our discretionary spending. It is  flat. As a matter of fact, between 2009 and today, we have lowered  discretionary spending by over one-third, by $400 billion. But what has  happened is that our mandatory expenses have exploded.   On this chart, this line here, are our mandatory expenses; that is,  Social Security, Medicare, pension and benefits for Federal employees,  and the interest on our debt. This is a formula for financial disaster.   At this point, we already have $20 trillion of debt. Over the next 30  years, some estimates say that we will have over $130 trillion of  future commitments, liabilities coming at us like a freight train.   We are hamstrung because we have a budget process that doesn't work.  One thing that contributes to this is a process that over the last 43  years, since the 1974 Budget Act was put in place, which created this  budget process, the budget has worked only four times in 43 years. It  has funded the Federal Government only four times. That is not a  partisan comment; that is an indictment on this body and on the body  across the hall.   In any other environment--sports, medicine, business, military-- imagine if you had a process that worked only four times. Imagine if  you had a tank in World War II, and you are over there, and every 43  times you fired it, it worked only four times. Imagine what result  would be.   What we have here is a system that doesn't work. I am going to try to  explain that very quickly.   First, we have committees in the U.S. Senate that involve themselves  in appropriations and the funding of the Federal Government. Some are  called authorizing committees. These are committees like the Foreign  Relations Committee; we have Appropriations. We have all of these  authorizing committees over here on the left. On the right here are  Appropriations Committees. Today, these committees have to pass 12  bills in order to fund the Federal Government.   Over the last 43 years, out of the 12 bills we have to appropriate to  fund the government, we have averaged only 2\1/2\ bills. In any other  world, that can't work. It doesn't work here. So we end up with 179  continuing resolutions to get us past the end of our fiscal year to  continue spending at last year's rate, and then we go to an  ``omnibus''--another new term that I had never heard of--at the end of  the calendar year. Basically, most times, six or eight people will get  in a room and decide how to spend $1 trillion. This current budget  deals with, primarily, issues that are not on the mandatory side.   There is a way forward. There are Members on the other side--and I am  going to call out one--my good friend from the State of Rhode Island.  Senator Whitehouse and I and others have been working on this for quite  some time. He has a great idea: Let's pick a point in the future, make  the debt a percentage of our GDP, and work backward from there with  guardrails on what we can do every year.   There is a budget process we have been working on that creates a  politically neutral platform that allows both sides, in a bipartisan  way, to argue and fight over what we think the budget should include,  because we believe the budget should be a law.   Today, the budget is only a resolution, which means it is nothing but  a political statement by the majority party.   We then go to an authorizing process where the minority party,  because they weren't asked to play in the budget process--we have an  authorizing process in which, today, we have over $300 billion of  Federal expenditures a year that are not authorized, over $300 billion.   Then we are supposed to go to an appropriations process. As I have  just said, we have appropriated, on average, over those 43 years, only  2\1/2\ bills a year instead of 12.   We can fix this. It is not a partisan issue. We will absolutely fix  this budget process in a bipartisan way. I am going to vote for this. I  hope my colleagues will vote for this budget bill so we can go on and  debate taxes.   The debt crisis is the No. 1 crisis we face in our country. It keeps  us from doing the right thing--funding our national defense and taking  care of our needs.   I will support this budget today, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I have great news. This is the last  amendment and the only bipartisan amendment tonight, and after this we  will vote on the entire bill.   The purpose of this amendment is to declare this process--the vote- arama--utter nonsense. It is part of a budget process that both parties  have perpetrated and persisted with for 43 years. It has only worked  four times; to fund the Federal Government, according to the Budget Act  of 1974, four times in our history. We are supposed to appropriate 12  bills a year to fund the Government. We have averaged 2\1/2\.   I urge all of my colleagues to make clear to the American people that  we recognize this budgeting process is broken and we are committed to  fix it.   Thank you.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.   