 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to defend the essential healthcare  that 300,000 New Mexicans and millions of Americans depend on.   Leader McConnell calls his TrumpCare bill the Better Care  Reconciliation Act, but actually the bill will mean worse care for  seniors, children, the disabled, rural communities, and working  families all trying to make ends meet. It will mean no care for 22  million people, according to the latest Congressional Budget Office  report. The bill cancels health insurance and slashes Medicaid funding,  all so Republicans can give big tax breaks to the richest Americans.   President Trump called the original House bill mean. The Senate  Republicans' healthcare bill isn't just mean; it is cruel. It is cruel  to take away nursing home care that seniors depend on, cruel to take  away necessary medical services from disabled children. Make no  mistake, this bill will cost lives.   This version of TrumpCare is a massive redistribution of wealth from  working families, seniors, and the disabled to the wealthy. But the  Republicans' bill is not Robin Hood in reverse. TrumpCare doesn't just  take money away from the poor to give to the rich; it takes away  people's healthcare and robs families of their health and ability to  work, care for their families, contribute to society, and lead happy  and healthy lives.   This bill was drafted in secret. Only a handful of Republicans and  their lobbyist friends got to see the bill. It is no wonder the  American people hate what TrumpCare would do to them and to their  families. TrumpCare is cruel; there is no doubt about it.   It is good that Leader McConnell decided not to call a vote this week  on this terrible bill, but I am by no means satisfied. We need to hear  from the Republican leadership that they are ready to work with  Democrats to improve the Affordable Care Act, not gut it, and to truly  improve our healthcare system. This is what the American people are  demanding, and this is what we in Congress should be working toward on  a bipartisan basis.   We created Medicaid in 1965 to serve a critical need. Since then,  Medicaid has become one of the most successful programs for making sure  low-income people get the healthcare they need. People get treatment  for illnesses that once were a death sentence.   The American people support a government that doesn't leave its most  vulnerable to suffer and die, but the current Senate bill cuts Medicaid  by more than $770 billion. Let's be clear, these cuts have nothing to  do with better healthcare. They are a ruthless tactic to fund tax cuts  for the wealthy.   On the campaign trail, the President vowed not to cut Medicaid. He  said it a number of times. Last week, he tweeted that he is ``very  supportive'' of the bill. Yesterday, he met with the Republican caucus  and told them to pass the bill. By supporting this bill, the President  breaks the promise he made during the campaign.   Medicaid expansion has allowed millions of Americans and over 265,000  people in my State to see a doctor. Many of these folks work but don't  have health insurance through their jobs or can't afford private health  insurance. Medicaid expansion is literally a lifeline, but TrumpCare  wipes this out. I can't believe that our Republican friends are doing  this to New Mexico children and families.   Take 1\1/2\ year old Rafe--this is Rafe. Rafe is here with his mom  Jessica and his dad Sam, a veteran. They are from Albuquerque, NM. Rafe  was born with cortical visual impairment--a kind of legal blindness-- and significant developmental delays. He faced monumental medical  challenges. But Jessica and Sam have been able to access the intensive  medical care, early intervention services, medical equipment, and  therapies he needs through a combination of their military insurance  and Medicaid.   Now Rafe's parents are scared he will lose his Medicaid services.  Their military insurance alone doesn't cover all the services and  equipment Rafe needs. They need Medicaid. Without it, Rafe's chances  for a better life are threatened. They worry about--and this is their  quote--``dealing with insurance, finding healthcare, tracking down  specialty doctors, keeping up with therapy appointments and doctor's  appointments.'' They worry whether Rafe will be able to walk, feed  himself, graduate from high school, and get a job. Now they must worry  whether he will get the medical care he needs to give him the  opportunity to do all of those things.   Let's talk about Carmen and her three children. Carmen is a single  parent. She serves Native American students as a teacher, a coach, dorm  parent, and higher education administrator. The small nonprofit  organization Carmen works for doesn't offer health insurance. For the  past 4 years, Medicaid has helped pay for the healthcare for her two  sons.   Her kids are healthy, but two have nut allergies and need EpiPens at  school and at home. According to Carmen, ``When I renewed their EpiPen  prescription for school this past fall, I was astounded that the price  sky-rocketed to $741 to fill one prescription!''   Now Carmen is worried; she doesn't know whether her kids will lose  Medicaid or how she will pay for prescriptions. She asked me: ``Please  continue to fight for the Affordable Care Act because you are fighting  for me and my family's well-being.''   It is cruel to threaten Rafe's chances for a healthier life, cruel  that Carmen might not be able to pay for EpiPens for her kids.  TrumpCare threatens these two families and millions more.   TrumpCare will hurt seniors, so it is not surprising that AARP  strongly opposes it. AARP opposes the TrumpCare age tax that allows  insurance companies to charge seniors up to five times more for their  premiums. The age tax, combined with reducing tax credits for premiums,  will price seniors out of health insurance needed to supplement their  Medicare. AARP is calling on every Senator to vote no on the Senate  Republicans' bill.    Medicaid pays for an astounding 62 percent of all nursing home care.  By cutting Medicaid, the Republicans threaten our mothers, our fathers,  and our grandmothers and grandfathers in nursing homes. States can't  bear the burden of these costs. Republicans want to shift them.   I know the State of New Mexico can't handle this. This cost-shift  sets States up to cut reimbursement rates and reduce eligibility for  services at nursing homes. Medicaid pays 64 percent of nursing home  care in my State. New Mexico's 74 nursing homes will be impacted by  these cuts.   Many of the folks in nursing homes are middle-class Americans who  worked all their lives, paid taxes, and saved for retirement. They did  everything right, but because skilled nursing care is so expensive,  they have outlived their life savings, and now Medicaid pays the cost  of care at the end of their lives, allowing them to live with dignity.   Senate Republicans may say that one improvement in their bill over  the House bill is it protects people with preexisting conditions, but  the American people shouldn't be fooled. People with preexisting  conditions are not protected under the Senate bill the way they are now  protected under the ACA.   The Senate Republican bill still allows States to waive the essential  health benefits that all insurance companies must now provide under the  ACA. These benefits include prescriptions, hospital stays,  rehabilitative services, and laboratory services. If States waive these  benefits, people with serious illnesses would have to pay out of pocket  for these services or buy additional insurance, or if these services  are covered but are not essential health benefits, insurance companies  can put annual or lifetime limits on the services, and people with  serious illnesses could end up with no coverage or be priced out of  services.  [[Page S3821]]    All this sends us back to the time when people faced not getting care  or going bankrupt if they got sick. We passed the ACA because the  American people agreed no one should go broke to pay for lifesaving  care and that insurance companies shouldn't be able to place limits on  the care someone could get in their lifetime. Why do Republicans want  to take us back?   Finally, the steep cuts to Medicaid would devastate hospitals,  especially rural hospitals. Make no mistake--rural hospitals are  already struggling. Medicaid cuts will force some to close their doors  if TrumpCare becomes law.   In New Mexico, our rural hospitals are often an economic anchor for  the community. Hospital administrators in my State are very worried.  Medicaid has helped the Guadalupe County Hospital cut its uninsured  payer rate from 14 percent to 4 percent from 2014 to 2016. Its  uncompensated care decreased 23 percent in the same period. The  hospital's administrator, Christina Campos, fears what might happen if  TrumpCare becomes law. She is urging me to protect access to care in  rural areas.   I will fight hard to keep residents in our rural areas insured and to  keep rural hospitals open in New Mexico and across the Nation.   The President and congressional Republicans want to take us back to  the days when healthcare was a privilege for those who could afford it.  The American people do not support the Republicans' cruel plans.  Congress should listen to the pleas of our constituents. The American  people reject the framework of TrumpCare. They reject gutting Medicaid  and the Medicaid expansion. They reject making seniors pay more for  healthcare. They reject making healthcare inaccessible for those with  fewer resources.   The Republicans need to go back to the drawing board and begin to  work with Democrats. I say to my colleagues across the aisle, do not  take healthcare and the opportunity to lead a productive and happy life  away from millions of Americans. Together, we can make affordable  healthcare a reality for all.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   