 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 84.   Here is what I think this is about. We feel slighted. We in Congress  feel slighted that the Trump administration did not deign to have  General Mattis come and speak to us, the House, which is not required  by any law, not required by any statute. We feel slighted.   I do feel the same way that the ranking member feels, in terms of how  the administration is treating the House of Representatives and this  body.   But it is times like this where we need to rise above the slights  from the future Trump administration. I think there are going to be a  few more. I think this future administration does not hold this body in  the highest regard. That is going to become evident over the next 4  years.   I think we are going to have to take things like that as a body and  do what is best for this Nation. That is why they argue with the  process and that the House was slighted by the future President. I  understand it. I feel that as well. But it is time for us to say: hey,  we need to be above that. This is about the future of our Nation, it is  about our men and women who are serving in conflict right now, under  fire, and they need General Mattis as their Secretary of Defense.   For those who assert that the Marshall prohibition, which bars, in  the absence of a waiver, a general from becoming Secretary of Defense,  a glance at the operational chain of command is in order.   Under the U.S. Constitution and statute, the command of the Armed  Forces flows from the President to the Secretary of Defense to the  combatant commanders around the world. The idea that a link in the  chain of commanding operations--namely, the Secretary of Defense-- cannot be a military leader is nonsensical. General Mattis will bring  insight to a job that no background in academia or business could ever  provide.   Lastly, when I met General Mattis for the very first time, I was  going to Iraq from Kuwait. We got ambushed by machine gun. I got shot  in the arm. He drops into my Humvee. We pull out of the ambush area.   My convoy gets up to Dewaniya where Jim Mattis is. I had never met  him. I had heard of him a little bit. I was a lieutenant in the Marine  Corps. I didn't know much about much at that point. There is General  Mattis in the operation center.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    He turns to me and he says: Lieutenant Hunter, good to  see you. I said: good to see you, sir. I was already sweating and  shaking, speaking to a one-star general officer. For a lieutenant, that  could be very trying.   He said: Did you kill him? I said: Kill who, sir? He said: the guys  who ambushed you. I said: no, sir. We followed procedure and drove out  of the ambush area. He said: next time, son, you need to kill them.   Hearts of every single man and woman in the U.S. Armed Forces will be  filled with pride when John Mattis is sworn in as the next Secretary of  Defense.   