 Mr. President, I rise today to support Congressman Mike  Pompeo for the CIA. He isn't somebody I just met in my office to be  able to talk with; he isn't just somebody I served with in the House. I  know him personally. For 6 years, he served on the House Intelligence  Committee. He struggled through the legal issues of what it means to be  in the CIA and also have good oversight, understanding those  difficulties that keep America safe but also making sure we protect the  privacy rights of Americans.   Mike Pompeo was a Harvard law grad at the top of his class. He gets  this information. He understands the constitutional implications. He is  also a top graduate of West Point, serving in the Army as well. He  knows what it means to be able to defend this country. He is one of the  most qualified people out there to possibly serve in this role,  understanding the legal implications, having 6 years of service on the  House Intelligence Committee, understanding the background, what it  means to seek real oversight and to be able to struggle through these  issues.   He is a person of great integrity, and he is a person who will  passionately help protect the Nation. He is a person who holds  tremendous respect for the people serving in our intelligence  community--people who most of us will never, ever meet but work every  single day to be able to keep our Nation secure. These are individuals  who are also passionate about not only keeping our Nation secure but  also maintaining the constitutional protections we have always had as a  nation.   I heard a lot of the debate today, and I have been astounded at some  of the conversations coming out. Let me just recap a couple of these  things that I have heard because it was surprising to me. On the issue  of advice and consent from the Senate, it seems that some people have  not actually read the written testimony and the questions for the  record that Mike Pompeo has put out there or listened to his actual  testimony or maybe seen his voting record when he was in the House of  Representatives. For instance, there is this conversation sitting out  there about torture--that he is going to somehow promote torture. He  has stated over and over again that he would abide by the law and the  Army Field Manual. That is what every candidate would say on that. That  is the actual law. He has been very clear on that; he doesn't promote  torture. I don't know what else he would have to say. Yet it continues  to come up that somehow the head of the CIA is going to promote  torture.   I have also heard that he wants to keep Gitmo open. Well, I would  stand in line with him on that one. For those of us who have actually  been to Guantanamo Bay and have seen it, it is a modern prison  facility. It is not some dog cage out there that is holding people out  in the weather. Neither is it a place that is doing torture. Guantanamo  Bay is a place where the worst of the worst terrorists are being  detained and held for trial. The issue of the past 8 years wasn't just  that the Obama administration was working as hard as they could to  release as many terrorists as they could from there; it is that they  weren't taking them to trial. That is the right action--not to do  indefinite detention but to actually work toward trial for these  individuals. But in the meantime, they should be held at Guantanamo  Bay, which is a modern prison facility, and it is the appropriate spot  to be able to hold terrorists offshore.   Then there are all of these conversations about collecting data, as  if Mike Pompeo wants to scan through all of our Facebook pages. May I  remind everyone that the Central Intelligence Agency is focused on  foreign intelligence gathering--outward facing. The FBI is focused on  the United States, on what is happening with U.S. persons. The CIA has  strict prohibitions from gathering data on U.S. persons. The comments  he made about gathering any kind of information on social networks and  about gathering from what is publicly available is something all of us,  I think, should support. If anyone outside the United States--whether  they be in Pakistan, whether they be in Syria, or wherever they may  be--is on social networks talking about the destruction of the United  States, I would assume someone is tracking that, and that someone would  be the CIA. We would hold the head of the CIA to account, saying:  Weren't you tracking this terrorist's Facebook page, at least? Weren't  you tracking their Twitter account? So for him to make a public  statement that we should gather information on social media, I think  all of us would agree, hopefully, that, yes, on foreign terrorists we  should gather as much as we can possibly gather from the publicly  available information, whatever it may be. Comments about his wanting  to expand data collection fly in the face of reality when he voted as a  Member of the House of Representatives to limit data collection.   I have no issue supporting Mike Pompeo. He is very experienced, he is  very well educated, he is well prepared for the task, and he is  passionate about keeping our Nation safe within the bounds of the law.  That is what we  [[Page S384]]  want a CIA Director to do: to passionately go to work to honor our  civil liberties. We want to make sure he is standing up for us every  single day. In the moments when our Nation is asleep, we want to know  the great folks of the CIA are awake and watching because the threats  that we face internationally are very real.   I am glad Mike Pompeo is going to be at the watch. I look forward to  voting for him in a very few minutes.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   