 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak in proud support of  America's workers--the men and women who build our cars and our homes,  who move American-made products across oceans, lakes, and highways, who  teach our children every school day, who take care of our families when  they get sick, and who keep us safe in our communities. I have seen  firsthand the importance of unions, both in my home State, where I grew  up, and across the country.   This is deeply personal for me. My father Herb was a public school  teacher and an active member of the Michigan Education Association. My  father-in-law Raul was a proud member--and continues to be a proud  member--of the United Auto Workers.   My mother Madeleine found economic opportunity as a nurse's aide. As  part of providing the best care possible to patients, she fought for a  better workplace for her colleagues, and then she went on to help  organize her workplace. She later served as a union steward with the  SEIU.   My parents raised me in a middle-class, union household. They  instilled in me the need, both, to stand up for rights and to never  take those rights for granted.   Standing together for fair wages, safer workplaces, and better hours,  Michigan's strong labor movement built the American manufacturing  sector and a middle class that made the United States a global economic  powerhouse.   My parents and their fellow union members embraced the union values  that built Michigan: the ability to earn a good life where you grow up,  hard work, fairness, and looking out for your neighbor--whether it is  your neighbor on the assembly line or in your neighborhood. These are  not just union values. These are American values, and I learned to  cherish them at a very young age. Now, I am sorry to say, these values  are under attack, and I can't help but to take it personally.   This year we have seen new and unprecedented attempts to undermine  our Nation's workers and their ability to collectively bargain. Earlier  this year, my Republican colleagues passed legislation to repeal  Federal rules that simply required businesses to disclose previous  workplace safety and fair pay violations before they could contract  with the Federal Government. The reason for this rule was fairly  straightforward: We should not be sending taxpayer dollars to employers  that can't keep their employees safe or that cheat them out of their  hard-earned dollars. Yet Republicans repealed the rule.   Now, across the country, we are seeing a wave of so-called right-to- work legislation, which in practice means you can work more hours for  less pay. In Michigan we are seeing the impact of this misguided  legislation.   Supporters of these policies told us that wages and job growth would  increase if Michigan just passed laws to crack down on union  membership. Well, Michigan has the law, but workers and their families  aren't seeing any of the promised benefits.   In the years since passage of the law, the economic data clearly  shows that, yes, corporate profits are up but not wages. In fact, when  comparing Michigan to States that haven't attacked union membership,  studies suggest that we have fallen behind pro-union States when it  comes to worker pay.   I am deeply concerned by the ongoing efforts to implement national  anti-union laws, including the Janus v. AFSCME case that the U.S.  Supreme Court will rule on in the very near future. A negative ruling  in this case would be a huge loss for American workers and would  undermine the right to collectively bargain.   We should be doing everything we can to support American workers and  their right to fight for better working conditions, fair pay, and the  ability to care for their families. Instead of attacking our Nation's  labor unions, we should be celebrating them.   For generations, unions have helped America build the world's most  robust middle class and a powerful economy, second to no other nation.  Unions have not only helped workers to take home more pay and have a  safe place to work, but they have also built communities. Unions teach  their members valuable skills and help them earn a secure retirement  and have quality healthcare.   Big corporations are not trying to undermine unions because they are  looking out for newly hired employees. They are fighting against unions  because of what unions stand for--the right to collectively bargain for  better pay, increased workplace safety, hard-earned retirement  benefits, and quality healthcare.   I ask my colleagues to take a moment to consider our history and the  hard-working men and women who built this great Nation of ours. Union  members are our neighbors, our firefighters, our police officers, our  teachers, our nurses, our brothers and sisters, our moms, and our dads.  They build our cars, our homes, and our infrastructure.   I urge all of my colleagues to honor these men and women by opposing  any and all efforts to expand harmful policies designed to undermine  American workers.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   