 Mr. President, I will be brief, but I want to point out a  matter of real concern, and it should be a matter of concern to all  Americans.   When new Presidents are elected, they have always been given the  opportunity to put their team in place in short order. Regrettably,  this has not been allowed to happen for this new President in this  Congress. Here are the facts.   Now 9 months in office, President Trump has had only 182 of his  nominees confirmed. That is an unacceptable, unprecedented 39 percent.  It is a grossly low statistic by historical standards.   At this point in President Obama's administration, 65 percent of his  nominees had been confirmed. At this point in George W. Bush's  administration, 53 percent had been confirmed. Under Bill Clinton, 76  percent had been confirmed. And under President George H.W. Bush, 70  percent had been confirmed. Yet, because of delaying tactics by our  colleagues across the aisle, this President, who needs a team in place,  as does every President, has only 39 percent of his nominees in office.   This has been done through an abuse of the process by our friends  across the aisle--a distortion of the rules requiring cloture on  noncontroversial nominees, requiring well-qualified nominees to be  subjected to a 30-hour debating period for a motion to proceed and  another 30-hour debating period, typically where there is only silence  on the floor of the Senate, for the actual confirmation.   This is inconvenient to the administration, but it is injurious to  the American people. With more than 1,000 executive positions needing  confirmation, we need these people in place. The American people need  these people in place. These vacancies need to be filled to work for  the American people, to provide hurricane relief, for instance. There  are people who would have been part of the administration working on  that, had we not had these delaying tactics. People in critical  national security positions, people who are fighting against ISIS, are  waiting for confirmation, and people who would be a key part of the  counterterrorism efforts have been waiting for months to get to work.   We had a spate of this in July, and I was one of several Senators who  called on the leadership to just keep us in session in August to take  care of some of these nominations. We demonstrated, by the action of  the majority leader, that by canceling part of the August break, we  could break logjams. As of the end of July, we had confirmed only 56  Trump nominees. By keeping us in session for one extra week and  shortening our work period back home, we confirmed 76 nominees in one  week, as opposed to 56 the previous 6 months of this year. We can do  that again.   I would simply say to the Presiding Officer and to my colleagues on  this side of the aisle and on the other side of the aisle: I am among  those calling on the majority leader to once again adopt an aggressive  schedule that includes working all night, that includes working  weekends, that includes canceling some breaks. We need, once again, to  break this logjam.  [[Page S6499]]    The American people spoke in November and, through our democratic  process, they elected Donald Trump as President of the United States.  He deserves the same consideration from minority Members of the current  Senate that previous Presidents, Democrat and Republican, got from  minority Members of the Senate.   Let's free the process up. Let's eliminate the distortion of the  rules. Let's have a more aggressive schedule, and let's once again  break this logjam.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   