 Madam President, I rise to speak with a lot of my  colleagues coming down speaking on the opiate crisis we have in all of  our States.   West Virginia has been hit the hardest in the Nation right now, and I  want to speak to this because it is something we must address. This has  been a silent killer for far too long.   I don't know a person who I have ever met who doesn't know somebody  in their immediate family, extended family, or close friends who has  not been affected by either prescription drug abuse or illicit drug  use. With that, here we are.   I rise with my colleagues who have been coming down--they will be  coming the rest of the day--to bring attention to this national crisis  that is devastating every community. Many of the Senators you are going  to hear from--and have already heard from--are from States that are  dealing with an increase in this opiate abuse, just like my State of  West Virginia. Just like I have, they have heard from families,  community leaders who are on the front lines. They are begging for  solutions, funding, and they need facilities to properly combat the  scourge we have right now.   Let me say to everybody who is watching, everybody who is listening  in any way, shape, or form that you are hearing this: 20 years, 30  years ago, I was as guilty as everybody in the public policy arena in  government, in my State government in West Virginia. If you fooled with  drugs back then, we thought, well, we will put you in prison; you  committed a crime. Well, guess what. We have been putting them away for  20, 30 years, and we never cured a single soul.   Finally, we have come to the realization that addiction is an  illness. Any other illness gets treatment. So we need treatment, but we  don't have treatment centers. Budgets are tight.   I have a cousin who is a judge. Every day he says: Joe, I sentence  people for the crimes they commit every day. He says: I have never had  the first person say: Hey, Judge, we don't have a prison cell or a jail  cell to put this person in. But if it happens once a day, it will  happen 5 or 10 times a day, if I believe someone needs to get treatment  because of their addiction, they will say: Well, Judge, I am sorry. We  have no place to put them. We have no treatment centers. We will find a  jail cell for you, but we will not find a treatment center because we  don't have them.   The States don't have the money. Counties don't have the money.  Municipalities don't have the money. The Federal Government has never  dedicated enough money for this. So we keep talking about everything  that happens.   Last year, over 800 West Virginians died of prescription drug abuse.  They died of abuse from prescription drugs, and everyone says: Well,  how do people get started? I don't know. Most of them have done heavy  work in West Virginia. We do mining and manufacturing. That is heavy  work, and sometimes they get hurt.   I am going to read a letter later--I do every week try to come down  to put real families, real faces, for you all to understand that this  is a real issue.   When I have said this is a silent killer, we never talk about it. If  you have somebody addicted in your family, you are kind of ashamed of  it. You don't want anybody to know because they think that something is  wrong with your family if someone has an addiction. They try to take  care of themselves and they can't and that person doesn't get the help  they need.   So when you look back at the use and the lack of a treatment, let me  just tell you about the epidemic we are dealing with. Any other  epidemic of this sort--and knowing it is an illness, it can be called a  pandemic. Remember the Ebola concerns we had. All of the different  things we were concerned about that could turn into a pandemic, we  acted immediately. Well, we haven't acted immediately on this. We have  had over 200,000 West Virginians die since the turn of the century.  That is unbelievable, and to not do anything about it and keep our  mouths shut, we have done that for far too long.   Today, 2.1 million Americans abuse or depend on their opiates.  According to the CDC, Centers for Disease Control, three out of four  new heroin users abuse prescription opiates before moving to heroin. I  am told they move to heroin because it is cheaper, but they have  already been hooked and addicted. Most of them got hooked and addicted  on legal prescription drugs. That means there was some doctor who said:  Here is something that is really going to help you, and they write that  prescription. They think everything in a bottle is going to heal you.   In the United States of America, less than 5 percent of the world  population--7.2 billion people live on planet Earth, less than 330  million in this country--4.6 percent of the world population consumes  80 percent of all the opiates produced and consumed in the world. What  in the world happened to us? How did we become so pain-intolerant? How  did we become so addicted?   Between 2009 and 2013, only 22 percent of Americans suffering from  opiate addiction participated in any form of addiction treatment, and  more and more people go without treatment every day.   Misuse and abuse of opiates cost the country an estimated $78.5  billion in 2013 just in lost productivity. So for those people who  don't have compassion, don't think we should be doing these things, and  you only look at the bottom line, if you are going to the bottom line,  look at this bottom line: $78 billion of lost productivity, medical  costs, and criminal costs.  [[Page S3177]]    Talk to any of your law enforcement in any community you live in and  ask them: Of all the calls you have gone on, how many have you gone on  that are drug-related? A minimum of 80 to 90 percent of everything that  they are called in, any type of assistance, any type of a crime that is  committed, it is because of drugs. Some form of drugs are involved for  our police. So think about what they are doing and how it takes them  away from protecting the law-abiding citizens.   I have a bill called--and we will talk about treatment--it is  LifeBOAT. I am still waiting for some of my friends and fellow  colleagues on the Republican side to look at this bill very seriously.  All I am asking for is one penny to charge the pharmaceutical  manufacturers--one penny per milligram--that will go toward treatment  centers throughout America, and every State needs them.   That one penny, they said: That is a new tax. We can't vote for a new  tax. I said: Wait a minute. This opiate arena is pretty profitable, and  we are not going to charge people whom opiates were designed for, which  are people with severe illnesses, cancer patients. Basically, this is  just for opiates, no other pharmaceutical products, just opiates. That  is $1.5 to $2 billion a year. Can you believe that? That one penny.   Now, when they tell me, I am not going to vote for any new tax. I  say: Well, you didn't hesitate to vote for a tobacco tax. You didn't  hesitate to vote for an alcohol tax.   We have more people dying of this than anything else, and I am asking  for a treatment plan. I can't get one penny, not one penny.   So I am asking for everyone to consider it. I truly believe no one  would lose their election over voting to fund treatment centers for  people who are desperately in need. That is the LifeBOAT Act.   I want to read you a letter, and I do this every week. It is just  heartbreaking, these letters, but it shows real people's lives, and it  shows what it has done to their lives.   This letter is from Shadd Baisden. He writes:   My name is Shadd Baisden, and I am from Dingess, WV. I am writing to  tell you my story of opioid addiction. I am an out-of-work coal miner  with 9 years' experience. I was injured in the mine in 2011. I was  dragged down a belt line 200 feet and messed the disks in my back, the  L5, S1 in my back. This was how my addiction got started.   I was prescribed painkillers and needed surgery but felt I was too  young for that. I was out of work for a year when I decided to settle  my compensation claim so I could return back to work. While I was  injured, the mine I worked in shut down so I had no job to go back to.  I had been on painkillers the whole time I was out of work, but I  stopped being prescribed after my settlement.   So when he made his settlement, basically that went away, his  healthcare on that. So he had no other way of getting prescribed  medicine.   He continues:   I was buying them off the street just to ease my pain. In 2013, I  started using oxycodone and could not stop. I even got my wife hooked  on them.   I have three daughters--11, 10, and 3 years of age. My youngest  wasn't born at the time. Our addiction became so bad that we would  steal things from our family just to get the drugs. I lost my license  to drive. I lost my two oldest daughters because of my addiction. That  is when I knew I had to have serious help.   I sought counseling and treatment. I took parenting classes, and my  wife and I worked our tails off to get our girls back. We have now been  clean and sober for 3 years and have custody back of all three of our  girls.   I am currently out of work but do lots of odd jobs in my area because  I can't afford to get my license back, and the vehicle I own was  vandalized 3 months ago because I gave an officer info on a dealer not  far from my home, and somehow the dealer found out and beat the windows  out of my car while I was working.   I thank God every day for helping me and my wife stay clean.   I thank you for everything you do for the people of West Virginia and  hope my story helps someone. I may be out of work right now, but good  things will come as long as we stay clean and positive.   Now, the conclusion of this is Shadd and his wife are perfect  examples of the people we can help if we made it easier for people  dealing with substance abuse to get treatment. Shadd and his wife are  the people I am fighting for every day. I will continue to fight for  the people and families and children who have lost their way and need  our help, and I am not going to stop fighting until they get it.   Every one of you all probably have a story. Every one of our young  people--our pages and everybody else, everyone in the audience, whoever  it may be, younger people--have probably been approached to try  something, have probably been approached in their own schools to try  something: Well, this is no problem. It is the hip thing to do in  school.   They have recreational marijuana. A lot of people tell me they get  started by experimenting, and then it moves into different things.   I don't know what it is. We don't know what our body chemistry is  made up of. We don't know why some people are addicted and some people  don't get addicted, but we know opiates are extremely addictive. We  know that. It affects you. The only thing I can tell you is, it is  something we are going to continue to fight. We are going to make  people aware. We are starting education classes.   The United States of America should start educating in every class  from preschool, kindergarten--you are not too young to know what this  can do to you--all the way up through adulthood. We have to prevent  people from getting on these horrific drugs that are killing people.  Then we have to treat the people who are addicted and get them back  into the workforce.   I ask all of you--and the concern we have, and I know in your  beautiful State you have the same challenges we do. We all do. We are  willing to fight together. This is a bipartisan effort. This is not one  side and the other side taking credit or one side blaming the other  side. This is one that we have to rise up as Americans--forget about  Democrats and Republicans--and fight this. The U.S. Congress is  responsible for fighting it and helping the people all over our  country.   I yield the floor to my good friend from West Virginia.   