 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we find ourselves at an interesting point.  Let me start by saying what a tremendous privilege it is to serve in  this body. Every single day that I come to the building from where I  live, I express that to myself--what a tremendous privilege it is for  all of us to serve in this body, denoted by many as the greatest  deliberative body in the world. Certainly, we find ourselves here in a  place where we can effect so many things that not only affect our  citizens but citizens across the world. What a privilege that is.   The Presiding Officer and I have had numerous conversations in the  past. I spent a life in business before coming to the Senate, and I  know the Presiding Officer did a lot of unique things as well. At the  age of 25, I was fortunate enough to build a business, starting with a  small amount of money. It ended up operating all around the country.  One of the things we did after every project--I built shopping centers  around the country--is that we would get together and analyze the  things we had done well and the things we had done not so well in an  effort to become better. At the end of each year, we would sit down and  look at our company, which was growing very rapidly, and try to analyze  those things. Sometimes we would have setbacks, but generally speaking,  the company continued to operate on an upward trend.   What I find here is just the opposite. I have been here now a decade,  and what we do is just the opposite of that. What we do is we continue  a downward trend because the way the two parties operate with each  other is when it gets to a point where there is something very critical  that has to happen, the other side says, well, if they were in power,  this is what they would do, so let's go ahead and do this ourselves. So  what we have in the Senate, at least since I have been here in the last  decade, is instead of an escalating situation where we continue to  operate better and deal with these things in a more balanced way, what  we do is we are on this continual downward trend.   One of our younger Members mentioned the other day as we were  discussing this--and I thought it was a great point--that what has  happened in the Senate is that neither party has had the ability to  withstand the pressure that is brought to them by their base in either  party.   I have seen that play out right now. What happens is their base puts  pressure on, and we end up breaking the traditions of the Senate. We  did it legislatively with the cloture vote being the scored vote by  outside groups. So that is where we find ourselves.   What is happening in our own caucus--I just realized over the  weekend--is that we are now trying to figure out whom to blame. I heard  a discussion last Wednesday that was totally divorced from reality as  far as how we had gotten where we are today. I realized that we are  getting ready to do some things here that will change the Senate  dramatically. What is really happening is that both sides are trying to  make sure history records that it was the other side that caused this  to happen.   We are now starting to see editorials in various publications--some  that we Republicans read and some that Democrats read--to try to set  the story straight. I about came out of my chair last Wednesday with  regard to one of the explanations as to how we got where we are today.  My guess is, today at lunch on the other side of the aisle, the same  thing will be taking place. Obviously, on our side, it is the other  side. On their side, it is our side.   Let me go back to 2013. We had a breakdown taking place. President  Obama was bringing forth some nominations, and it was right after he  was elected for a second term. We went through the summer of 2013 with  some of his nominees not getting cloture votes. I was called, as were a  few other Senators, to make what we would call some tough votes. These  were nominees whom we did not support. Cloture had again become the  vote that people were scoring, but I and John McCain and Lamar  Alexander and a few others were asked to make some votes that,  candidly, were not very pleasant to keep us from getting to a place at  which Senator Reid would impose the nuclear option.   We made it through the summer, and we went into the fall. We had just  confirmed a new circuit court judge for the  [[Page S2030]]  DC Circuit, which is just below the Supreme Court relative to  importance for lots of reasons. So we had a 4-to-4 balance on this  circuit court. Senator Reid brought forth three more nominees, and they  were not bad nominees. I think most people thought they were actually  pretty decent nominees. But we did not want the balance of the DC  Circuit to change; it was at 4-to-4.   We know that a lot of administrative rulings that are relative to the  administration take place in the DC court, so we made the argument that  there were already enough judges there and that they did not have a  very good case. It was the same argument, by the way, that Democrats  made back in 2006 when Bush was also trying to make some nominations.  We do the same to each other. So we ended up filibustering those three  nominees.   What we thought was going to take place was a negotiation on how many  judges would actually go when all of a sudden Senator Reid, out of the  blue, with some of his Members not realizing what had happened, did the  nuclear option. He ruled and called upon the person sitting in the  Chair and the Parliamentarian. All of a sudden, we destroyed what had  been the case of it taking 60 votes to move beyond to an actual vote on  the nominee. I was livid.   Somebody said the other day that that was fine and that we had just  gotten to where we had wanted to be. Are you kidding me? We were livid.  We were livid that on some circuit court nominees, Senator Reid had  pulled the nuclear option.   I will tell you this: There were days--not days, months--where people  who had normally worked with people on the other side of the aisle just  kind of shut down. It was hard to believe the nuclear option had been  invoked.   Last Wednesday, somebody acted like it was no big deal, that it had  just gotten us back to where we had always been. The fact is that we  have not used filibusters much--years ago. The fact is that we are  using them a lot today. Look, this was a big deal.   Now we find ourselves in a situation in which we are getting ready to  take the last step, if you will, on nominations. Let's face it: We have  a nominee in this judge who is on the floor who is really beyond  reproach.   I realize my friends on the other side of the aisle have pressures. I  have talked to some of them, and I respect them. I understand that  their base is saying that because of what we did last year. Remember,  it had been an hour since the great Justice passed away, and we had  already declared we were not going to allow another Justice to be  confirmed until after the Presidential race. It was a pretty audacious  move, let's face it, and obviously it created some hard feelings on the  other side of the aisle after the election was determined.   Within their base, many of them are saying they are going to invoke  the filibuster here. Our leadership is saying: If that happens, then we  ourselves have to invoke the nuclear option on the Supreme Court  Justice.   We understand where this is going. I do not know what has been said  on the floor other than during the hearings, but let's face it: One  side is reacting to their base, to their pressure. They are having ads  run against them if they are even considering voting to move beyond the  cloture vote to an actual vote on the nominee. On our side, obviously,  we are in a situation in which, if that happens, then our leader is  going to call the nuclear option.   By the way, everybody says: Oh, we are never going to do it on  legislation. Come on. Let me go back to that for a minute.   Back in 2010, the Democrats passed a healthcare bill with 60 votes.  Then there was an election, and it took them down below 60 votes. They  just needed to fix a little element on the healthcare bill with a  reconciliation bill, and the Republicans went crazy over that. How many  times have we talked about their passing this healthcare bill with  reconciliation? It has been going on for 7 years. Now we are in the  driver's seat. We have the majority. We are writing an entire bill  through reconciliation because we understand the power of being able to  do something with 51 votes. I understand. So what we do is we just keep  upping the ante with each other. Are you kidding me?   If we continue on the path we are on right now, the very next time  there is a legislative proposal that one side of the aisle feels is so  important, they cannot let their base down, the pressure builds, then  we are going to invoke the nuclear option on a legislative piece. That  is what will happen. Somebody will do it. Somebody will say that if  they were in control, they would do it. That is the way trust has  gotten around here. So we ought to do it because this is our  opportunity to really change history.   Look, I hope that before we move to the place that we all know we are  going--I do not think anybody here would deny that pressures have  built. Let's face it. If we do not have respect for the institution we  serve and for ourselves, no one else will. Who will? These people know  what we are getting ready to do to this place. For us to act like if we  do it here, there is no way we would ever do it on a legislative  piece--let me tell you this: Two years ago, after Senator Reid did what  he did--a friend of mine and somebody I worked very closely with, I  think most people know it took me a while to get back to normal with  him. Two years ago, there would not have been a single Republican in  our caucus who would have even considered voting for the nuclear  option. As a matter of fact, we had discussions about changing it back.  Then the election occurred, and we decided not to do that.   What it looks like to me is that there is a whole host of Republican  Senators who are willing to do that today. Everyone knows that on the  other side of the aisle--maybe everyone; I don't know. Yet to say that  we will never get to the point at which we will not change a  legislative piece--give me a break. Somebody is not living in reality,  because we each continue to take the other down.   Again, I do not really care how history writes it; I am going to tell  you how I am going to write it. Neither side of the aisle has had the  maturity or the willingness to stand up to the pressures and cause this  institution to operate in the way it should--neither side of the aisle.  As for anybody who tries to say that one side of the aisle is worse  than the other, come on. It takes two of us to take the institution to  the place at which we are getting ready to take it next week. That is  my history. I have been here 10 years. I have watched it. Neither side  of the aisle has clean hands. We have one side. They have a decision to  make. Are they really going to filibuster this judge? Let's face it. If  you go back and look at the principles of the Gang of 14 that were put  in place back in the 2000s, when both sides came together and said: We  are not going to do the nuclear option as long as a judge meets these  criteria--this judge meets that criteria. It is clear. By the way, I am  not criticizing; I am just observing.   We both have pressures. We know that if a filibuster takes place--and  you will know that immediately; of course, it would be after a few  filibuster votes just to show that it cannot happen--the leader on this  side is going to invoke the nuclear option. You all know that. I do not  know if people are saying that it could happen, but of course that is  what is going to happen. And then the very next time another big  legislative issue comes up, the same thing is going to happen unless we  have the ability to sit down and talk about this. I would love to do it  out on the floor. Typically, we do not do those kinds of things because  things get out of control when we talk about things honestly here on  the floor, but I would like for us to do that. I would love for us to  have maybe a 4-hour discussion about what we are getting ready to do  here in the Senate. To me, that would be a healthy thing.   I think all of these staffers who work up here, whom we respect, know  exactly what is getting ready to happen here in the Senate.   I think we owe this to people who are getting ready to run for the  Senate or maybe to people who are thinking about running for  reelection. We should go ahead and have this discussion so that they  will know whether they are running for a 6-year House term--a 6-year  House term because we do not have the maturity, because we do not trust  each other, because we are on this constantly deescalating deal and our  leaders do not talk to each other and fight and all of those kinds of  things happen, because we are getting ready to take this institution to  a  [[Page S2031]]  place that I do not think many of us are going to be proud of. But,  again, for the people who are thinking about running for the Senate,  let's go ahead and clear it. Let's have a discussion about this  legislative issue so that people will know, if they are seeking  election to the U.S. Senate, that they are, in essence, going to sign  up, possibly, for a 6-year House term.   I am at a place in my Senate life where I have tremendous respect for  the people with whom I have served. Every day I come here, I look at  the things I have the ability to affect as one Senator. I look at that  with such honor, to be able to be in a body that debates these kinds of  things and affects people in the way we do. What an honor it is to be  here. I am here with no malice.   I am here, though, at a time when I see what is getting ready to  happen without a lot of discussion, and I hope that somehow or another,  we will have the ability to avoid what I see as something that is very,  very detrimental to the Senate and, in the process, very detrimental to  our country.   I yield the floor.   