 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding, for his passion, for his courage, and for authoring the Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, and for doing so so informed.  Trent Franks has been an incredible defender of life, and I want to  thank him for his leadership on this extraordinarily important human  rights piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, overwhelming majorities of Americans, some 60 to 64  percent, according to the pollsters, support legal protection for pain- capable unborn children.   Today, we know that unborn babies not only die but suffer  excruciating pain during dismemberment abortions, a cruelty that rips  arms and legs off of helpless children.   A former abortionist, Dr. Anthony Levatino, testified before  Congress, before Trent Franks' committee. Here is a man who has  performed 1,200 abortions, over 100 late-term abortions up to 24 weeks;  and he said, and I quote in part: ``Imagine if you can that you are a  pro-choice obstetrician/gynecologist like I was.'' Using a sopher 13  clamp with rows of ridges or teeth, ``grasp anything you can'' inside  the womb. ``Once you've grasped something inside, squeeze on the clamp  to set the jaws and pull hard, really hard. You feel something let go  and out pops a fully formed leg about 6 inches long. Reach in again''-- he goes on--``and grasp anything you can and out pops an arm.''    He noted that a ``second trimester D&E abortion is a blind  procedure.'' So he says: ``Reach in again and again and again with that  clamp and tear out the spine, intestines, heart, and lungs.''   Mr. Speaker, even swing vote Justice Anthony Kennedy, in his dissent  in the Stenberg v. Carhart decision, said about dismemberment  abortions: ``The fetus, in many cases, dies just as a human adult or  child would: It bleeds to death as it is torn limb from limb. The fetus  can be alive at the beginning of the dismemberment process and can  survive for a time while its limbs are being torn off.''   Mr. Speaker, even if pain wasn't present, dismembering a child is  violence against children, and it is inhumane. But these babies  actually suffer in this process.   Dr. Robert White, professor of neurosurgery at Case Western Reserve,  has said an unborn child at 20 weeks' gestation ``is fully capable of  experiencing pain . . . without question, abortion is a dreadfully  painful experience. . . .''   Dr. Anand wrote, and he is an expert on pain: ``The human fetus  possesses the ability to experience pain from 20 weeks' gestation. . .  .'' He points out that it is even worse for an unborn child at that  time period because ``the highest density of pain receptors per square  inch of skin in human development occurs in utero from 20 to 30 weeks'  gestation. Thus, a fetus at 20 to 32 weeks' gestation would experience  a much more intense pain than older infants or children or adults.'' We  have known this for some time, Mr. Speaker.   In 2006, I authored the Unborn Child Pain Awareness Act that garnered  250 votes in favor--including 40 Democrats--to 162 against. I remember  thinking on that day of the vote: How can anyone refuse to make child  pain information part of an informed consent?   Congressman Trent Franks has authored four--count them, four-- extraordinarily important human rights bills over the years to actually  protect pain-capable babies in Federal law from the violence of  abortion, including the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act that  passed the House in 2013 and again in 2015. Tragically, President Obama  vowed to veto this child protection legislation, and the Senate failed  to pass it.   However, this year, we have a President who said, and he put out a  Statement of Administration Policy: You present this legislation to me,  and I will sign it.   Finally, not only will babies be protected by Trent Franks' law at 5  months, and the pain suffered by these babies will be averted, but H.R.  36 requires that a late abortion, permitted under very limited  circumstances, provide ``the best opportunity for the unborn child to  survive'' and that ``a second physician trained in neonatal  resuscitation'' be ``present and prepared to provide care to the  child'' to the same degree as the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of  2002 prescribed.   Following the care required to be rendered, the born-alive child  shall immediately be transported and admitted to a hospital.   Sixteen States have passed legislation that resembles this important  legislation that we will have before us on this House floor.   My good friend and colleague talked about Dr. Gosnell. Four years  ago, Dr. Gosnell was convicted of murder, conspiracy to kill, and  involuntary manslaughter, and sentenced to life imprisonment.   Even though the news of Gosnell's child slaughter was largely  suppressed by the mainstream media, many of my colleagues may remember  that Gosnell operated a large Philadelphia abortion clinic where women  died and countless babies were dismembered, all gruesome procedures  causing excruciating pain to the victim.   This is a humane bill, a major human rights bill, and, again, I want  to thank my great friend and colleague for his leadership. It is  extraordinary.   