 Mr. President, little more than a month ago, the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act was unveiled in the Senate. Just a few short weeks later,  we are on the verge of passing a colossal bill, publicly available for  just 4 days, that makes sweeping changes to every aspect of our  economy. We are moving so fast that the American people would be  forgiven for thinking we were addressing a national emergency; yet  fires are still blazing in California, power in Puerto Rico is still  not fully restored, and victims around the gulf of Hurricanes Harvey,  Irma, and Maria are still struggling to pick up the pieces and rebuild.  There are indeed national emergencies we should be addressing, but  instead of doing so, Republicans in Congress are focused first on  passing tax cuts for corporations and billionaires--tax cuts that will  add an estimated $1.5 trillion to the deficit.   The process that led to the bill we are voting on today has been  fundamentally flawed from the outset. From the beginning, this bill has  been written behind closed doors by Senate Republicans. No hearings  were ever held on this bill, denying the American people an opportunity  to add their voices to the debate. When the Senate voted on its version  of this bill in the dead of night, Senators only received the text a  few hours before the vote, and even then, the text was hastily put  together, with scribbles written into the margins. We discovered that  lobbyists knew more about what was in it than those of us who had the  responsibility to vote on it. No wonder that it was loaded with last- minute special interest giveaways.   There is serious doubt this bill will benefit the middle class, as  Republicans claim. What we do know is that it will result in millions  of fewer insured Americans and higher healthcare premiums for millions  more. At the same time, corporations will receive a windfall in  permanent tax cuts that will bust our budget for decades to come. Even  more appallingly, it includes special provisions that will directly  benefit the President and some Members of Congress. It doesn't end  there. Republicans have yet to address the $1 trillion in cuts to  Medicare, Social Security, and other programs vital to the American  people, which will be spurred by the passage of this bill. This bill  cynically and surreptitiously sets the stage for those slashing cuts.   This is a bill that cheats our future for the sake of a tax-cut  windfall for the 1 percent. It does absolutely wonderful things for the  wealthiest taxpayers, like the President, his cronies, and his family.  If he wants to dispute that, he should finally release his tax returns  and prove to the American people that the ``Christmas present'' the  President talks about will not, in fact, benefit his bottom line.   What we do know is this bill does not advance the common good. It  offers little but crumbs on the table and coal in the stockings of  hard-working Americans, while the wealthiest individuals and  corporations reap the rewards of this bill, with the false promise of  trickle-down benefits to everyone else. The wealthiest are doing just  fine, and big corporations already are pulling in record profits, which  they are not investing but salting away. More than 400 millionaires  have urgently told Congress that they don't need more tax cuts.   Republicans will continue to claim that their bill represents serious  tax reform, but the public isn't fooled. Poll after poll shows that the  American people see this bill for what it is: a betrayal of the middle  class and a betrayal of American values. They have seen enough of  trickle-down economics to know that the benefits never flow to them. At  the end of the day, it is clear that this bill was never really about  the middle class; it was about the Republican donor class.   I wish we had gone down a different path, one where both parties  worked together to provide real relief to the working families we all  represent. It belies the storied history of this institution to rush  through such a sweeping bill, through an arcane process of  reconciliation intended to secure the lowest possible number of votes  to succeed, without the benefit of public opinion, or even public  review.   After one of the least productive sessions of Congress that I can  recall, Republicans are so desperate for a win that they will mortgage  away our future. This bill is not tax reform. This is a cartoonish  caricature of what real tax reform should look like. It is dishonest to  its core. It is cynical, and it can only breed more cynicism by the  public. It is bad policy, it is indefensible policy, and it is wrong.   It is said that every generation has a responsibility to leave our  Nation better, brighter, and stronger for the generations that follow.  This tax bill accomplishes none of those goals.   I strongly oppose--I reject--this conference report, and the crass,  partisan path that brought us here.   