 Mr. President, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee had  a very important hearing last week regarding the 2001 authorization for  use of military force, the law that serves as the legal underpinning  for the war against al-Qaida and the Taliban. I am grateful to our  witnesses, Secretaries Mattis and Tillerson, for making themselves  available to the members of the committee and for the straightforward  and honest answers they provided to us.   As we have gotten further and further away from the September 11  attacks that resulted in the passage of the 2001 AUMF, I have urged  Congress to take a fresh look at that authorization. When four soldiers  died recently in Niger, I think most Americans--and even some Members  of Congress--were shocked to learn that we even had troops in that  country. Our troops were not there under the auspices of the 2001 AUMF,  but considering that they were reportedly ambushed and killed at the  hands of an Islamic State affiliate, questions have been raised about  where our forces are and where they are at war with terrorists versus  when they are simply conducting train-and-equip or other missions of  that sort.   It was encouraging that nearly every member of the Foreign Relations  Committee was in attendance at that hearing where the witnesses  testified that the administration believes it has ample authority to  prosecute the war on terrorism and does not need a new AUMF.   I can't say I was surprised to hear that testimony. No  administration, Republican or Democratic, will ever willingly cede the  broad authority given to the executive branch 3 days after the  September 11 attack. If they were to say that we need new  authorization, they would be conceding that they haven't been acting  with authorization all this time. So they are never going to say that  we need a new AUMF.   What has surprised me is that there are Members of this body, the  Senate, who are content to let this 16-year old authorization remain in  place. Some have even suggested that any updates to the AUMF can be  made using the appropriations process. Are we really going to start  using policy riders on annual spending bills to approve of sending  troops into harm's way? We rarely even vote on individual spending  bills anymore, let alone controversial policy riders to those spending  bills. Are we truly willing to leave it to the members of the  Appropriations Committee to update a law that has put our  servicemembers into harm's way, particularly those of us on the  authorizing committee, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee? I hope  that we more jealously guard our prerogatives than that.   Our inaction on updating the 2001 law has already relegated the role  of the Senate in authorizing force to that of a cog in the feedback  loop. I would submit that we in the Senate ought to aspire to be more  than that.   For 16 years, Congress has been all too willing to let successive  administrations use those broad authorities to address new threats and  to deploy U.S. troops to new places. Beyond Afghanistan, our troops  have deployed all over the world, to places such as Yemen, the  Philippines, Somalia, and Libya to fight al-Qaida and its affiliates.   We have also sent forces to Syria and back to Iraq to defeat ISIS, a  group that didn't even exist in 2001. We need to fight terrorism  overseas, and I am not suggesting that the United States should shy  away from these battles. To the contrary, I believe Congress should do  its duty in supporting these missions by voting to authorize them.   In the 16 years since the passage of the 2001 AUMF, approximately 300  Members of the House who voted on it are no longer with that Chamber.  In the Senate, of those Senators who voted on the original AUMF, only  23 Senators remain in their seats today. That leaves approximately 70  percent of the entire Congress that has never cast a vote to authorize  military force abroad. Yet, over the years, deployments have continued  to new places, combating new foes.   The United States is strongest when we speak with one voice.  Therefore, Congress must have some buy-in on these missions. Our allies  and other adversaries need to know that the war on terrorism has the  support of Congress. More importantly, our troops need to know that  Congress is behind them.   I know the concept of passing a new, updated AUMF is a tricky one.  This is not a conventional war against a sovereign nation in which  victory is easily defined. Instead, we are fighting an ideological  enemy that has no sovereignty and which, over the years, has moved all  over the world, resulting in many splinter factions that could change  their name at any time with ease.   This new kind of war requires a new kind of authorization, one that  allows Congress's continued buy-in and increases its oversight. Right  now, we have neither of these.   After working on this issue for several years, Senator Tim Kaine and  I have introduced legislation that we think gets us in the right place.  Our bill would authorize the use of military force against al-Qaida and  the Taliban  [[Page S7073]]  and ISIS. It authorizes force against affiliates of those groups and  requires the President to report to Congress when he initiates force  against a new group he designates as being associated with al-Qaida,  the Taliban, or ISIS. Military operations can begin as soon as the  President has notified Congress. There is no time-lapse required.   If Congress doesn't agree with the President's designation, our bill  allows a 60-day timeframe during which any Member can bring a  resolution of disapproval to the floor under expedited procedures, and  adoption of such measure by both Houses would result in the end of  military operations against that group.   Our bill adopts the same process with regard to geography to allow  Congress to disapprove of military operations in a particular country.  I recognize that traditional declarations of war and other  authorizations of military force haven't referred to a particular  geographic area in which operations can take place. But all of our  previous military engagements were against sovereign nations with armed  forces, not terrorist groups that can pop up in any country at any  time.   If Congress is going to authorize the use of force, we ought to know  in which countries U.S. troops are operating. Requiring the President  to notify Congress when he begins operations against one of these  terrorist groups in a new country is an important check on the  executive branch to ensure there is no overreach.   The bar for disapproving the President's decision is high-- appropriately so. It would require two-thirds of the House and the  Senate to disagree with the President on his decisions with regard to  new associated forces or new countries.   Right now, Congress has very little to say over who or where our  military fights. The only option available is to cut off  appropriations, and history has demonstrated that simply is not  realistic or appropriate.   The most recent example of this, as some of my colleagues will  recall, was in 2011, when the Obama administration joined the NATO  operation to help rebels in Libya topple Muammar Qadhafi. The  administration never made the case to Congress as to what U.S.  interests were served by U.S. involvement. As a result, many Members on  both sides of the aisle publicly opposed our intervention in Libya.   Yet, when the clock ran out on the time constraints set forth in the  War Powers Resolution, Congress did not turn off appropriations because  we can't just pull the rug out from underneath servicemembers when they  are in harm's way overseas. The ``turning off appropriations'' approach  simply hasn't worked in the past and is not likely to work in the  future.   We need real congressional buy-in and oversight over a conflict that  has morphed considerably since 2001--and which we are now being told is  morphing to a new continent. S.J. Res. 43 gives us just that.   I should note that the bill also includes a 5-year sunset. The sunset  is not intended to serve as a notice that the war on terrorism will end  in 5 years. It is there to require Congress to put its skin in the game  by voting on authorizing force.   The administration has signaled its objection to this provision. They  think that the war on terrorism could be undermined if terrorists think  they just have to wait us out.   I worry more that the lack of congressional buy-in undermines the war  right here at home. Seventy percent of Congress has no skin in the game  at all. We are free to criticize the President, whether the President  is Republican or Democrat. That is not right.   We ought to have responsibility here. We are the article I branch. We  are the branch tasked with declaring war and authorizing use of force.  We shouldn't shirk our responsibility. We can't let history repeat  itself and go for another 16 years without voting for the use of force  against terrorists. That is why I support a sunset on any new or  updated AUMF.   Perhaps the best feature of the Flake-Kaine measure is that it is  bipartisan. That is an essential feature. I think we can all agree that  passing an updated AUMF along party lines is perhaps the only thing  worse than letting the status quo remain. I commend the chairman of the  Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Corker, for signaling that we will  move ahead with the markup of the new AUMF.   I think Flake-Kaine is a great start, but I am under no illusion that  the process of putting a bill together that can garner widespread,  bipartisan support will be an easy one. But the longer we wait, the  higher the risk becomes that we will render ourselves irrelevant when  it comes to authorizing force. That is a risk the Senate and Congress  should not take.   I yield back.   