 Mr. Speaker, this legislation, H.R. 220, allows  for the expansion of the Terror Lake Hydroelectric Project on Kodiak  Island, Alaska--by the way, which is larger than New Jersey.   The Terror Lake Hydroelectric project provides 31 megawatts of  hydropower capacity to the Island's approximately 13,789 residents and,  of course, the largest Coast Guard station in the United States.   Kodiak Island is roughly the size, as I mentioned, of New Jersey.  This means it is reliant upon the electric generation on the Island  mostly by hydro at this time, some diesel.   With the growing electrical demands of the residents of Kodiak, the  Kodiak Electric Association will not be able to meet their needs  without requiring additional resources or will be forced back to  increasing the use of diesel. There is no reason why a hydro-rich  community like Kodiak should ever have to rely on diesel fuel for power  generation. They wish to expand their operation by increasing their  water resources, and I agree.   My legislation allows the Kodiak Electric Company to divert small  flows of additional water from Upper Hidden Basin into Terror Lake by  digging a 1.5 mile underground tunnel.   This diversion will increase the water resources at Terror Lake by 25  percent, resulting in an additional 33,000 megawatt-hours of generation  each year and totalling an estimated output in the project of  approximately 168 million megawatt-hours annually.   The issue at hand is the tunnel would need to go through Kodiak  Island National Wildlife Refuge, which is Federal land, to the State  land where the water diversion would be located.   My legislation authorizes the Kodiak Electric Association to occupy  not more than 20 acres of Federal land to construct, operate, and  maintain the Upper Hidden Basin Division expansion without further  authorization of the Secretary of the Interior under the Alaska  National Interest Lands Conservation Act.   Alaska has tremendous hydroelectric potential, and I look forward to  moving additional commonsense reforms to provide our rural and remote  communities for new opportunities to obtain reliable and affordable  hydropower.   Mr. Speaker, may I say that the Fish and Wildlife Service supports  this, there is no objection to it, it is a solution waiting to happen,  so we are going to dig a tunnel. This is really about a tunnel.   