 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am not aware of any Missouri  constituents, for whom I work, who wouldn't like to see a tax code that  was simpler, fairer, that did more to create jobs, that was better for  individuals, and one that they understood. I don't have anybody come up  to me and say: What can we do to complicate the Tax Code further, or  what can we do to make us less competitive, or how much more of my  money would you like to have to do what you think the government ought  to do? I don't have anybody say that to me.   We are now at a time when we have the tools available. We have the  focus available that will allow us to move in the right direction. For  almost a decade now, hard-working families and hard-working individuals  have had to deal with a below-average economy and with below-average  wage growth in that below-average economy. Surely, we don't want that  to be the new normal.   I kept hearing the last 3 or 4 years that 2 percent growth is what we  should expect now. The growth since World War II has averaged 3.4  percent for over 70 years. Suddenly, we were told: No, 2 percent is the  best we can do.   I understand that, even counting the Great Depression, growth in the  entire 20th century was over 3 percent. What do we need to do to get  our economy growing in a way that creates better opportunities and  better jobs?   Why would it create better jobs? Because you have people who are  looking for workers who are more eager to pay and keep a workforce in a  growing economy than you do in an economy that is not growing. You have  people who understand they can compete better if they have a workforce  that is the workforce they want rather than the workforce they just  happen to get and that there is competition for that workforce. So our  goal here in tax reduction and tax reform should be to help families  and individuals keep more of their hard-earned money, to empower people  to invest in their own  [[Page S6309]]  future in ways that we currently are not encouraging or just simply not  allowing because we don't let them take enough of their money home from  work that they make at work, and to make it easier for families to see  a pathway toward success and not to penalize people when they make the  right decisions.   The tradition has always been this: If you want more of something,  you don't tax it. You don't regulate it. You encourage it.   We need a tax code that encourages more success, that encourages  higher take-home pay and better jobs. Most people don't realize that  the individual income tax is still the biggest source of Federal money.  More than half of all Federal taxes collected come from the income tax.   One of our goals should be how do we get more taxpayers and not how  do we make more from the taxpayers we have. Perhaps the greatest  voluntary compliance in the history of the world is how Americans have  complied with the income tax system.   The more Americans think the system is fair and understandable and  everybody else is being treated the same way they are being treated,  they are much more likely to comply with that system than a system  where they hear: Well, some company made a lot of profit, but because  of the complexity of the Tax Code, they paid zero taxes, or this  neighbor has figured out that and that neighbor has figured out that,  and because of the Tax Code, you work just as hard as they did, but the  Federal Government somehow got a lot of your money because you hadn't  set up your tax planning in the right way.   Tax planning doesn't need to be that difficult. Right now the Tax  Code has seven individual rates. We are proposing three individual  rates, which maybe could go to four, but that would still be barely  half the number we have, even if it got to four. There are seven  individual rates, and there are more than 100 deductions, credits, and  exclusions that people use when they fill out their tax form. American  people collectively pay billions and billions of dollars just to figure  out how much of their money the Federal Government is going to get.   Most people would like to have the certainty of a postcard form that  you fill out, but instead they see this system that has gotten  increasingly complex, often not indexed for inflation. So you start  with something that you think is only going to apply to a few people,  and, before you know it, it applies to a whole lot of people.   I think that when the alternative minimum tax was added to the Tax  Code, there had been 155 wealthy individuals who hadn't paid any income  tax. So the Federal Government decided, and Congress decided, that we  are going to put the alternative minimal tax in to be sure those 155  people, who are clearly wealthy people, are going to pay income tax. No  matter how much they have gamed the tax system, they are still going to  pay an alternative minimum tax. This was just a few years ago.   By 2015, the 155 had gone to 4.4 million people who paid the  alternative minimum tax. It is unbelievably successful if you are  trying to collect people's money in a way they don't understand. It is  not very successful if all you were trying to do was to prevent 155  wealthy people a couple of decades ago from being able to not pay any  tax at all. They took a shot at 155 people and wound up hitting 5  million.   That is unacceptable. That is not what the Tax Code is supposed to  do. We need to work hard to simplify that. There are 14 pages of  instructions that tell you or, more likely, your tax preparer how to  comply with the alternative minimum tax guidelines.   I don't have the one page with me, but I was handed the one page of  instructions for the Tax Code from 1913. By the way, the estimate was  that not only not many people would pay it, but nobody would ever pay  it because you didn't pay anything unless you made at least $3,000,  which in 1913 was a lot of money. But it was one page of instructions.  Now we have 1 page of index to the 100 pages of instructions, and 14 of  those pages are just for the alternative minimum tax. When you fill the  form out, there are 64 different lines that you use to calculate now  how almost 5 million people are impacted by a part of the Tax Code that  was designed for 155 people.    We can do a better job. We can do a better job of being sure that  hard-working families get to take home more of the money they have  earned with that hard work. We can also do a better job with the rest  of the Tax Code to make sure we are creating the kind of opportunity  for us to compete as a country, for us to compete as a nation, for us  to be more fairly aligned with the other countries in the world that we  compete with, and to make sure those hard-working families have better  jobs with more take-home pay to start with.   If you are working hard for a living--and Americans do; we are a  working country--the best of all circumstances is that you have a  better job than you used to have and less money comes out of every  dollar you make than used to come out of every dollar you make, and  that needs to be our goal. Whatever we do on the individual side needs  to be focused on that. Whatever we do on the job-creating side needs to  be focused on that. If we do that, we will not have the people we work  for come in complaining: What have you done? The Tax Code is too simple  now. It is too easy to fill out my tax form. I am walking out on Friday  with more money than I used to walk away with, and, oh, by the way,  they tell me there is a better job about to develop that I can apply  for.   That is what we ought to do. I hope we keep focused on that and get  this tax bill passed this year.   I think the Senator from Georgia has come to talk about this same  topic, along with Senator Barrasso from Wyoming.   I yield the floor.   