 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R.  1761.   I first want to point out that the case outlined by the chair of the  Judiciary Committee that failed in Federal court could have been  brought in State court and the defendant would have been subjected to  extremely long, lengthy prison time for the heinous conduct that he had  participated in.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation expands the use of preexisting  mandatory minimum sentences. Although the bill does not technically  create new mandatory minimums, it does expose additional defendants to  preexisting mandatory minimum sentences of 15, 25, and 35 years.   While I support the underlying goal of punishing sex offenders--and  they should be punished harshly--the use of mandatory minimums has time  and time again been shown to be inappropriate.   This expansion of mandatory minimum sentences comes on the heels of  the Attorney General's memorandum of May 12, 2017, which has been  roundly criticized for directing all Federal prosecutors to pursue the  most serious charges and maximum sentences, to include mandatory  minimum sentences. This directive takes away from Federal prosecutors  and judges the ability to individually assess the unique circumstances  of each case, including any factors that may mitigate against imposing  mandatory minimum sentences.   This law is particularly appalling because it would apply to people  who I think we should all agree should not be subject to these long  mandatory minimum sentences. I am talking about teenagers. Teenage  sexting is widespread. Under this law, teenagers who engage in  consensual conduct and send photos of a sexual nature to their friends  or even to each other may be prosecuted and the judge must sentence  them to at least 15 years in prison.   The law explicitly states that the mandatory minimums will apply  equally to an attempt or a conspiracy. That means if a teenager  attempts to obtain a photo of sexually explicit conduct by requesting  it from his teenage girlfriend, the judge must sentence that teenager  to prison for at least 15 years for making such an attempt. If a  teenager goads a friend to ask a teenager to take a sexually explicit  image of herself, just by asking, he could be guilty of conspiracy or  attempt, and the judge must sentence that teenager to at least 15 years  in prison.  [[Page H4585]]    Under the Federal code, the term ``sexually explicit conduct''  includes actual or simulated conduct. That means if a teenager asks  another teenager for a photo simulating sex, even if the minor is fully  clothed, that attempt would violate the law and the teenager must get a  sentence of at least 15 years mandatory minimum for making that  attempt.   This law does not allow the judge to consider whether or not the  conduct may have been consensual between minors. This circumstance is  irrelevant when the sentence is mandatory.   For decades now, the extensive research and evidence has demonstrated  that mandatory minimum sentences fail to reduce crime, discriminate  against minorities, waste the taxpayers' money, and often require a  judge to impose sentences so bizarre that they violate common sense.   Unfortunately, there are already too many mandatory minimums in the  Federal code. If we ever expect to do anything about the problem and  actually address this major driver of mass incarceration, the first  step we have to take is to stop passing new mandatory minimums or bills  that expand existing mandatory minimums.   Mr. Speaker, we have to recognize that mandatory minimums in the code  did not get there all at once. They got there one at a time, each part  of a larger bill, which, on balance, might seem like a good idea.  Therefore, the only way to stop passing new mandatory minimums is to  stop passing bills that contain or broaden the application of mandatory  minimums.   Giving lip service to the suggestion that you would have preferred  that the mandatory minimum had not been in the bill and then voting for  the bill anyway not only creates that new mandatory minimum, but it  also guarantees that mandatory minimums will be included in the next  crime bill.   Mr. Speaker, this bill would not be controversial if it did not  contain mandatory minimums, but, unfortunately, it does. Therefore, I  urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 1761.   