 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4667, which  provides $81 billion in Federal disaster assistance to States and  territories recently devastated by natural disasters. This is not a  small amount of money.   First, as chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee on Appropriations, I am pleased to include $616.4 million  for repairs, cleanup, and recovery at various agencies, including the  U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Environmental Protection Agency,  the National Park Service, and others.   As chairman of the California Republican delegation, I have a  particular interest in wildfire assistance in this bill. The  coordination and collaboration between Republicans and Democrats on  this bill to reflect the needs of California shows bipartisanship is  alive and well.   Mr. Speaker, I would certainly like to thank Congressman Mike  Thompson for his tireless efforts in regard to the fires in northern  California.   Last month, I toured Santa Rosa, California, which was absolutely  decimated after a wildfire tore through the area. Forty people lost  their lives, and more than 14,000 homes were destroyed or damaged.   As a lifelong California resident, I have seen a lot of fires and the  resulting devastation, but I have never witnessed anything like I saw  in Santa Rosa. The stories of survival and heroics of our first  responders truly are incredible. Now, in the aftermath, we must come  together to recover and rebuild.   This bill is the first step towards recovery and provides $27.5  billion for the Disaster Relief Fund, a $4.5 billion increase from the  request, a 90 percent Federal cost share for wildfire disasters; and  $541 million for watershed and flood prevention efforts, which will be  vital as the rainy season begins in California.   California will be eligible for nearly all the various sources of  disaster funding in this bill, including for crop losses, Army Corps of  Engineers projects, Federal highway damages, small business assistance,  displaced employees, and student assistance, among others.   With my colleagues, I will continue to monitor the fire situation and  respond as needed. The Thomas Fire in Ventura County has burned over  272,000 acres, on track to be the largest wildfire in California  history; and, unfortunately, the fire rages on.   Mr. Speaker, I especially want to thank Chairman Frelinghuysen and  the Appropriations Committee staff for their outreach and  responsiveness to the fires in California. We greatly appreciate their  assistance and ongoing support.   Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I didn't thank all my staff and the  Interior Subcommittee, but in particular, my chief of staff, Dave  Kennett, and on the Interior Subcommittee, Betsy Bina, both of whom  went above and beyond to deliver results for California.   On a quick note, best wishes for Betsy, who is getting married today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this emergency supplemental funding  bill.   