 Mr. President, we are now considering the Cruz  amendment, which he titles consumer freedom, but there could not be a  more misnamed amendment to come to the floor.   Americans know this as the fake insurance amendment. This is the  amendment that says: Hey, insurance companies, we are going to do you a  big favor and let you sell these policies that aren't worth the paper  they are written on. And, Hey, isn't this wonderful, says my colleague  from Texas, because, you know what, people will only have to pay a few  dollars per month for those worthless policies, and that is freedom.   Well, I will tell you that if my colleague had been out talking to  people in rural America, as I have been, if he had been out there  talking to people in red America, as I have been, he would be hearing  that people are terrified about this effort to annihilate health  insurance.   One out of three people in Oregon have been able to be on the Oregon  Health Plan because of ObamaCare. It has had an incredible impact on  our rural healthcare centers. Many of them have doubled their number of  employees. About 20,000 employees across the State have been added. Oh,  we just heard a speech about it being a job killer, but, in fact, it  has employed thousands and thousands more people in the healthcare  industry across America. Little communities that didn't have folks  being able to take on mental health can now take on mental health  issues. Rural communities that didn't have a drug treatment program now  have a drug treatment program. Rural hospitals that were going out of  business now have a strong financial foundation. And that is just the  beginning.   Entrepreneurs across this Nation were tied up in their companies,  afraid to leave and pursue their vision because they couldn't get  healthcare by themselves. Now, they can, so they are starting one  business after another after another after another, and what we have  seen is month after month after month of growth in employment in this  Nation.   Oh, we can tell you about the amendment that my colleague from Texas  is putting forward and what it does in terms of offering these fake  policies, but that is only the beginning of it because what it is  designed to do is carve off those who are young, carve off those who  are healthy, and put them into one pool, and then those with  preexisting conditions, those who are sick, those who are older, have  to go to another pool in which the rates go way up and create a death  spiral. So whether we call this fake insurance for the young and  healthy or a death spiral insurance for the old and those with health  problems or preexisting conditions, it is really blowing up the  insurance market at both ends.   Don't take my word for it; take the experts' word for it. We have a  Republican Senator who said that there is a real feeling that there is  subterfuge to get around the preexisting conditions, referring to this  amendment. And then we have a staffer for a Republican who says: ``And  outside health policy folks have said this would set up a death spiral  for the markets.''   OK, but let's turn to the American Enterprise Institute, an extremely  conservative organization. What does their scholar say? He says, ``This  means that people with those kinds of illnesses will end up paying  more.'' And then he goes on to say, ``The people who don't know  something will happen and come down with something, those are the ones  at issue.''   Or let's turn to the American Action Forum Deputy Director Tara  O'Neill Hayes, who says: ``I think that really would be the definition  of a death spiral.''   Or we can turn to the former CBO Director, Douglas Holtz-Eakin, who  says ``What that will do is allow insurers to offer cheap policies to  young invincibles. And on the exchange you're going to get all the sick  people.''   He continues and says: ``That's a recipe for meltdown. You've split  the risk pool into two exchanges.''   And he says: ``I think it would end up being bad politics.''   I am not concerned about bad politics, but I am concerned about those  folks whom I have been meeting out in rural America, out in red  America, because they are coming to my townhalls and they are saying:  Stop this diabolical plan. The Cruz amendment only makes it a lot worse  by creating the fake policies for the young and healthy--the young  invincibles--and the death spiral insurance for everyone else.   So someone can stand up here and speak glibly about how this is going  to fix job creation in America, but what it really says is healthcare  for the wealthy--not healthcare, but wealth care.   It is so interesting to see this whole coalition of individuals who  want to pass a bill that not only demolishes healthcare for 22 million,  but gives hundreds of billions of dollars to the very richest in  America. My colleague mentioned a moment ago that the richest 400  families would get $33 billion. No, not $33,000 apiece or $33 million-- $33 billion. They feel it is so important to rip healthcare from  ordinary working families to deliver benefits to the wealthiest  Americans. That is the opposite--opposite--of what we should be doing  in America.   Franklin Roosevelt said that the test of our progress is not whether  we add more abundance to those who have much; it is whether we do  enough for those who have too little. What that translates to is  whether we provide a foundation of affordable healthcare so that every  family in America has a foundation to thrive. That is what we are  fighting for.   This amendment is absolutely a bomb going off in healthcare on both  ends of the spectrum, with the young and with the old, with the healthy  and  [[Page S4182]]  with the sick, and with those with preexisting conditions.   So let's defeat this amendment and make sure we don't make a really  terrible bill a lot worse.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Texas.    Mr. President, of course my colleague from Texas made  this big rant a little while ago about how ObamaCare is a job killer.  When I pointed out it has created jobs all over our country in  healthcare, no response. When I pointed out it has created the  opportunity for entrepreneurs to create jobs and healthcare jobs, no  response. When I pointed out it creates fake insurance that doesn't  cover anything when you get sick, no response. All he has to say is  that it makes insurance a little cheaper.   Yes, it is worth the paper it is printed on. Well, not even that,  actually, because you pay $40 or $50 a month, you go to the hospital,  not covered. If you get in an accident and you need an MRI, not  covered. You and your spouse have the opportunity and have a child, not  covered. Not covered, not covered, not covered. Fake insurance.   It is the experts who say it throws it into a death spiral. It is the  experts who say it in conservative think tanks and in liberal think  tanks. So what does he have to say? We have something from the Trump  team that says it is OK--not a CBO score because he is afraid it will  show it makes it worse than the existing bill.   So let's talk about real facts. Next time, don't bring in a political  statistic from the Trump team. Let's get a CBO score on this. Then  let's have that debate. You had plenty of time to get it and you didn't  get it.   This is a terrible amendment. We must defeat it.    I believe my colleague has the remainder of the time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   