 Mr. Chairman, the Dodd-Frank Act is a failure, period. It  is estimated to reduce economic output by nearly $1 trillion over the  next 10 years, and it contains more regulatory restrictions than all of  the other regulations enacted by the previous administration combined,  including ObamaCare.    The Financial CHOICE Act provides an off-ramp--much-needed relief--to  Dodd-Frank's growth-crushing regulations. Financial institutions like  community banks and credit unions will have the choice to stay under  the Dodd-Frank regulatory regime or opt for the relief that they are  willing to obtain if they meet a 10 percent simple leverage ratio, a  level that ensures that they can weather economic downturns without the  help of taxpayer bailouts.   This legislation also reins in the primary culprit of the regulatory  onslaught that has caused one in five community financial institutions  in my State of Kentucky to close: the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau. This is done by giving Congress the power of the purse over the  Bureau for the first time, making its Director removable by the  President, requiring it to conduct cost-benefit analysis, and enhancing  its mission to focus on consumer protection through competition and  choice.   This legislation also delivers important regulatory relief to  community financial institutions, incorporating the TAILOR Act, which  requires Federal regulators to tailor their regulations based on the  size of financial institutions instead of using the typical one-size- fits-all Washington model.   Additionally, the Financial CHOICE Act ends stifling Dodd-Frank  regulations that constrain lending for manufactured homes by including  the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act. It also further  reduces the chances of a mortgage crisis by giving financial firms an  incentive to retain 100 percent of a mortgage's risk and greater  flexibility to lend by including my Portfolio Lending and Mortgage  Access Act.   Finally, this legislation places the steepest penalties in history on  financial firms that actually break our laws.   So it ends too big to fail, it includes tough penalties--the toughest  penalties in history--for financial fraud and other misdeeds, but it  preserves consumer protections through competition, choice, and access  to the credit Americans need to build our economy.   Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman Hensarling for his leadership  on this issue.   