 Mr. President, since assuming office on January 20, which  is just 11 days ago--I don't know, it kind of feels to me like it was  11 months ago; this is going on in a horrible, nightmarish slow  motion--the Trump administration has assumed responsibility for our  Nation's national security. There are a lot of jobs the President has,  this new administration has, but that is at the top of the list-- guaranteeing this country's security and, frankly, being the guarantor  of global security.   Leaving aside some of the broader systemic challenges that we face in  the world, let's just look at what has happened since the inauguration.   Yesterday, Iran reportedly conducted another ballistic missile test.  President Trump criticized President Obama on Iran for being too soft.  Now it is his turn to get China and Russia to agree to a Security  Council resolution condemning this test and taking punitive action.   On Sunday, extremist groups all around the world celebrated the Trump  administration's ban on travel from seven Muslim-majority countries.  Comments that were posted to pro-Islamic State's social media accounts  predicted that the Executive order would serve as a recruiting tool for  ISIS. One posting said that Trump's actions ``clearly revealed the  truth and harsh reality behind the American government's hatred towards  Muslims.'' Another posting hailed Trump as ``the best caller to  Islam.'' Another one talked about the ban being a blessed ban, which is  a reference to what militant leaders called the invasion of Iraq, which  was hailed then as the blessed invasion, becoming the cause celebre, as  the intelligence community called it, for the global jihadist movement.   Immediately following the first phone conversation between Trump and  Putin, the conflict in Ukraine flared up. Likely not coincidentally, 8  Ukrainian soldiers were killed and 26 were wounded just since Saturday.   In the Balkans, where Russia has been just recently again steadily  increasing in influence, as Europe is pulling up the doors on its new  perspective members, Serbia sent a train emblazoned with the motto  ``Kosovo is Serbia'' up to the border of Kosovo. It turned around, but  as a result, troops and security forces reportedly scrambled to the  border from both sides.   I am not suggesting that all of these bad things happened because  Donald Trump was inaugurated. I listened to my colleagues explain all  of the world's troubles for 8 years through the lens of responsibility  to the Obama administration. But this is all an advertisement for a  very simple idea--that this is probably the absolute worst time to have  the first American President with no government experience and no  diplomatic experience pick the first Secretary of State with no  government experience and no diplomatic experience. This is not the  moment for on-the-job learning. Yet that is what we have so far.   Granted Mr. Tillerson is not in place, but President Trump's foreign  policy up to this point has been tragically amateurish. Witness the  invitation for the Mexican leader to come to the White House, worked  out in painstaking detail, an opportunity to show, despite the furor  and rhetoric of the campaign, solidarity between the American and  Mexican people, and then Donald Trump sends out a tweet daring the  Mexican leader to cancel the meeting, which he promptly does, erupting  threats of a trade war.  [[Page S526]]    Witness Friday's Muslim ban, which now has Muslim nations all around  the world rethinking their relationship with the United States, sending  this dangerous message to people all around the world that you have no  home in the United States if you practice one particular faith.   It begs the question as to whether Mr. Tillerson is going to be able  to right this ship, having no experience working on almost every single  one of these issues that confront us around the world. It is not the  same thing to run a global business and run the State Department.   Frankly, I would argue that Mr. Tillerson's experience--even if you  believe he did a good job for Exxon, it doesn't advertise him as a good  candidate for Secretary of State. In fact, we have reason to fear that  Mr. Tillerson would run the State Department like he ran Exxon, where  he repeatedly worked against U.S. national interests.   Mr. Tillerson opposed sanctions levied against Russia in the wake of  their invasion of Ukraine. He tried to pull one over on the committee,  telling the committee this ridiculous story of first not lobbying  Congress on sanctions, then not knowing if Exxon was lobbying for or  against sanctions. That just doesn't pass the smell test. He called the  chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee to express his misgivings  about sanctions. He personally lobbied Congress against the sanctions.  His company spent millions of dollars lobbying against the sanctions.   When asked by President Obama and his administration to refrain from  attending a major economic development conference hosted by Vladimir  Putin in the middle of the Ukraine crisis, Tillerson thumbed his nose  at America. He intentionally embarrassed his own country and our allies  by sending his top deputy to that conference--and it gets worse--and  standing next to Russian officials to announce major new contracts with  Russia. Think about that. We begged Exxon to stay away from that  conference. Not only did they go, but Tillerson had his No. 2 guy  announce new contracts in the middle of the sanctions, in the middle of  the worst of the crisis with Ukraine. It is not surprising that he was  awarded the Order of Friendship by Vladimir Putin 3 years ago.   Just an aside, I have listened to my colleagues castigate President  Obama for being weak on Russia for years. Frankly, the only thing that  has been consistent about Candidate Trump and President Trump's foreign  policy has been a marshmallow-like softness on Russia. At every turn,  Trump has previewed for you that he is going to be easy on Vladimir  Putin. Tillerson's testimony cemented that. He was asked over and over  whether he would commit to holding the line on existing sanctions,  whether he would commit to imposing new sanctions based on Russian  interference in the U.S. elections. He was asked by the Presiding  Officer if he would, at the very least, commit to holding in place the  sanctions on the individuals who were named as those interfering with  the U.S. election. He wouldn't commit to any of it, and so it is hard  for me to understand how all of the Republicans who have been  eviscerating President Obama for 8 years for being soft on Russia are  now supporting the nomination of Rex Tillerson, who has basically  advertised that they are going to withdraw the line the Obama  administration had taken and enter into a new relationship with Russia,  in which they likely get everything they want. I hope that is not true,  but we have asked over and over again for this nominee to give us some  signal that they are going to at least maintain the policies we have  today, and we have gotten no satisfactory answer.    Lastly, maybe most concerning about this nominee, is the potential  for him to carry with him from Exxon a total lack of concern for  ethics. I understand business ethics. That sounds really harsh, right?  I understand there is a difference between business ethics and  government ethics, and human rights is not something you are going to  care about in a business to the extent that we care about it as those  who run and advocate for American foreign policy. But I asked Mr.  Tillerson if there was any country in the world he wasn't willing to do  business with as the leader of Exxon. He danced around the answer a  little bit, but the simple response was no, and that is plain as day.  We can look at the countries they did business with, including Syria  through subsidiaries, including Iran. There was no human rights record  that was bad enough for Exxon to say: Hey, no. This isn't something we  want to touch.   We have been told by those who are supporting his nomination that we  really shouldn't pay attention to everything he did at Exxon because he  is going to be a new man when he comes to State. I guess you can  understand that. Plenty of people take on new priorities when they come  into new jobs. Plenty of people argue for something they argued against  once they have a new boss, but he had a chance before the Foreign  Relations Committee to tell us how serious he was about human rights.  He got asked over and over again what he thought about human rights  violations by some of the worst offenders around the world. His answers  to those questions were, boy, they were disturbing and troubling. He  wouldn't name Saudi Arabia as a human rights violator. Saudi Arabia is  locking up political dissidents left and right. They don't allow women  to drive. I understand they are an ally, but they are also a human  rights violator. Everybody knows that. He wouldn't commit that  President Duterte in the Philippines, who has been openly bragging  about murdering thousands of civilians with no due process--wouldn't  name him as a human rights violator, wouldn't say that what Russia has  done in Aleppo is a war crime. I understand that maybe you don't know  all the facts when you are just coming through the process, but you  just have to pick up a newspaper to figure out what is going on in  Manila or what is happening in Aleppo. It doesn't take a lot of  research to know that Saudi Arabia is violating people's human rights.  He knows that country very well.   It suggests that this lack of concern for ethics and human rights is  going to carry over to the State Department, and of course he is  working for a President who is never going to tell him to care about  human rights. The President has openly talked about his affection for  torture; how he thinks that strong leaders are the ones who kill  journalists who oppose them.   So it looks as if we are seeing a preview of an abdication of  America's historic role in promoting and pushing human rights around  the world. We have a President who has openly mocked human rights, who  has supported vicious dictators, and a Secretary of State who has made  a career of doing business with some of the worst human rights  violators in the world and who couldn't name human rights violators  when he appeared before the committee.   Senator Markey is right. Mr. Tillerson is an accomplished  businessman. He is smart. He is savvy. I don't say any of this to  impugn his character. He had a job to do at Exxon, and he did it well  on behalf of those shareholders. Frankly, he didn't have to take this  job. He didn't have to subject himself to this spotlight, to the  constant second-guessing that awaits him as the next American Secretary  of State. So I give him credit for making this decision to step up to  the plate and do this job. I think his motives are pure. I guess I  can't assume anything else. I know there are people who question those  motives, but I am going to assume that he is doing this because he  wants to help his country, and I look forward to working with him.   He needs to be an advocate for the State Department. He needs to be  an advocate for the nonmilitary tools that have not historically been  available to the President. We have had a ``military first'' mentality  as a country. We think every problem in the world can be solved through  military intervention. Even under President Obama, there was a bent  toward military solutions. A Secretary of State can be the chief  spokesman here for the ways in which you solve problems that don't  involve attacking and invading, but I don't think somebody who has done  one thing with one set of priorities and values for 40 years just  suddenly does an about-face, and adopts a totally different set of  priorities and values for his career's capstone job. If that were the  case, he could have previewed that for us in the committee hearing. Yet  [[Page S527]]  over and over again, when we asked for evidence that his priorities and  his values were changed, his answers didn't measure up.   As I said, in addition to those concerns, this is just not the time  for a Secretary of State with no diplomatic experience whatsoever. It  is not a time for our new Secretary of State to learn on the job.   I will oppose his nomination and I hope others will join me.   I yield the floor.   