 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, for a number of years, we have been  debating healthcare in this country. Clearly, our healthcare system had  problems 8 years ago when they started to do healthcare reform. I saw  that as a doctor practicing in Casper, WY.   Well, then Washington Democrats tried their solution. It is a  solution that passed, and it is known as ObamaCare. Republicans said  that it wouldn't work and have been proven right. ObamaCare is too  costly. It is collapsing. It is interesting because yesterday, as we  were having our policy lunch meetings--Republicans and Democrats--word  came out that another one of the ObamaCare exchange companies, Anthem,  this time in Ohio, was pulling out, leaving about 18 counties, if not  more in Ohio, without anybody to sell insurance on the ObamaCare  exchange.   ObamaCare actually hasn't solved the problems of America's healthcare  system. In many ways, it has made matters worse. That is why the law  has never really had the support of the American people and continues  to be unpopular today. It is why more than 19 million people actually  chose not to sign up for ObamaCare coverage at all, even in spite of  financial incentives to do so and a fine or a tax if you didn't sign  up. So they either paid the fine or they got an exemption.   The Democrats, when they come to the floor to talk about healthcare,  refuse to talk about those 19 million people who have just said: We  want nothing to do with ObamaCare. We are not going to sign up. Give us  an exemption. Let us out.   They want to talk about people whom they actually have covered by  pushing them into a broken Medicaid system, and that is about what has  happened here. This expansion through the healthcare law and expanding  Medicaid put many people into a broken healthcare system called  Medicaid. It wasn't working well before ObamaCare, and it has gotten  worse. The numbers out there, in terms of physicians taking care of  patients, are about one-third--one out of three doctors will not take  new Medicaid patients, so it is not a system that is working. It is not  a solution, but Democrats put more people into that.   For people who didn't end up in Medicaid and who paid their premiums,  those premiums have gone up significantly. They have doubled in most  States, I think, across the board--up about 107 percent over the last 4  years. Thus, the statistics that have come out from the Department of  Health and Human Services recently are the statistics the Obama  administration, as it left office, didn't want the American people to  see--that rates have doubled across the country and, in some States,  much, much higher than that.   In my home State of Wyoming, they were up actually higher than the  national average has been. People are paying more and more. There were  two companies, at one point, that were selling insurance on the  ObamaCare exchange, both losing money. One lost so much that they are  no longer in business. The other is still losing money and still  selling on the exchange, but you wonder how long they will stay. Or  will they do the sort of thing that Anthem had to do in Ohio and the  sorts of things we have seen in the Presiding Officer's home State of  Iowa and we have seen in Nebraska and we have seen across the board?  Some Democrats say: This is a one-term correction; give it time. But it  doesn't seem that it is going to be working that way.   There was an article in the paper here, in Washington's Roll Call,  and the headline was--this was last week--``Insurers Seek Increases for  Obamacare Premiums in Early Filings.'' This is for next year. The  article talks about how the insurance companies are starting to say how  much they are going to need to charge people next year, which is much  higher than it is this year. They are talking about an average increase  of about 30 percent.   The average premium in the ObamaCare market in Wyoming right now is  already more than $7,000 a year for a family. So how much more can  people take? That is why I continue to come to the floor and talk about  what is the problem with the healthcare law--healthcare and the system.  People under ObamaCare have seen their deductibles go up, their copays  go up, and the choices that they have go down. This is the real problem  when we talk about ObamaCare.   Then, of course, the other thing is taxes. There are at least 15 new  or higher taxes under ObamaCare. So people aren't just paying higher  premiums; they are paying higher taxes, which were supposed to help  with the premiums, but it doesn't seem to be doing so for people all  across the country.   The Congressional Budget Office has looked at this, and it said that  Americans are going to pay more than $28 billion over the next 10 years  on just one tax on prescription drugs. Well, if we are trying to lower  the cost of drugs and trying to lower the cost of care, putting a tax  like this, as ObamaCare did on prescription drugs, just adds to the  problem.   It has raised taxes all across the board. I don't want to go through  each and every one of the taxes, but suffice it to say that when  President Obama said he would put this program into place and it  wouldn't cost a single  [[Page S3307]]  dime, he forgot the trillion dollars in new taxes that he added onto  the backs of hard-working Americans. So we have had higher taxes, we  have had higher premiums, we have had higher out-of-pocket costs from  people--this huge tax burden.   What has happened is that we need to do a reform. The House has  passed reform, and now in the Senate we are working on passing our own  healthcare reform bill. We have been meeting three times a week up to  over 5 hours a week for the last month and a half, going through piece  by piece of all the different components of the healthcare law, trying  to address the issues that are facing the American people, trying to  lower the taxes that top the list of what we hear about at home in  terms of trying to help people because they are paying more taxes,  trying to work to deal with premiums.   I am really encouraged by the debate we have been having. I think we  have been taking good steps in trying to address the issues the  American public is seeing in terms of higher premiums and fewer  choices.   I would like to work with the Democrats to solve these problems in a  bipartisan way, to talk about how people can actually get healthcare in  this country. But what have the Democrats done in response? Well, it is  interesting because they want to go to a single-payer healthcare  system. Some may deny it, but a majority of the Democrats in the House  have cosponsored legislation to go to a single-payer healthcare plan.  It is modeled, in some ways, after what you are seeing in California.   The California State Senate last week passed a bill, which seems to  be the drift and the direction and maybe even the tip of the sphere of  the Democratic Party efforts. It said: We want single-payer healthcare  in California.   I served in the Wyoming State Senate, and I know the Presiding  Officer served in the State legislative body in her home State of Iowa.  We do a fiscal note. We say: What is this going to cost? Is it a good  idea? Can we afford it? What are the costs going to be? And the cost  for what they proposed in California is $400 billion. Can they afford  it? What is the total budget of the State of California? What is their  general fund for the year? It is only $190 billion. So what they are  proposing for healthcare alone is over twice what the entire general  fund for the entire State of California is. Yet, it passed. It was a  party-line vote in the State of California in the State senate, but  that is now the position that they are working to do.    So it is hard to get cooperation from somebody to work on dealing  with a healthcare plan when their plan is to go with more government,  more spending, pledging money they don't have. When I looked at it in  California, I said: If they want to do this, they will have to, No. 1,  cut spending on other things. When you think about where general  funding goes, it is for teachers, law enforcement, public safety, and  firefighters. But they would also have to raise taxes significantly to  get the money for what they want to promise everybody in this single- payer healthcare plan.   I am interested in working in a bipartisan way with people, but it is  hard to get cooperation from people when their solution is more  government, higher taxes, and less freedom. We need a solution, and  that is what we are working on. I am very happy to say that it has been  discussed at length in our conference. We had another good meeting  about it yesterday, along with the Vice President, focusing on  eliminating taxes, getting rid of the mandate that says that people  must buy a government-approved product, giving people additional  choices, and giving the States flexibility to make a number of these  decisions.   I am from a State where agriculture plays a significant role, as is  the Presiding Officer. I will be at our Wyoming stock growers' meeting  on Friday when I am back home in the State. I was there a couple of  years ago after ObamaCare passed, talking to people who had insurance  that worked for them and worked for their families, but they lost it,  not because they couldn't afford to pay for what they had but because  what President Obama and the Democrats forced through in Congress said  it wasn't good enough for them.   Under the mandate, as to what my friends and neighbors and folks  around Wyoming have been saying was good enough for them and they could  afford, President Obama said it wasn't good enough for them. Who is the  better judge of what is good for a family in Iowa or Wyoming--President  Obama and the Democrats or the family there in Iowa or Wyoming who is  making the decision about what works best for them and their families?  I am sure I am going to hear more about it at the stock growers'  meeting on Friday, when I hear from families who say: What we had  worked, but lost it because it wasn't allowed to be sold anymore. The  President said it wasn't good enough for me. One woman said to me: Tell  the President that I can make the decisions for myself. I don't need  his help--referring to President Obama.   So we will continue to work toward the goal of making sure that we  have people who can get the insurance and care they need from a doctor  they choose at lower costs. That is what we needed with healthcare  reform. That is what we didn't get with ObamaCare. We got higher costs  and fewer choices. Across the board right now, it looks like in 7 out  of 10 counties in this country, people are down to one or two choices-- hardly a market. In many places it is a monopoly now. After the news  that came out yesterday from Anthem in Ohio and some of the news that  we see from Iowa and neighboring Nebraska, we are going to find that  many places will find themselves with no options available. Even with  the subsidies that the Democrats had promised to help deal with the  high premiums they have caused, there may be nobody to sell the  insurance even when the subsidies are available.   So I come to the floor, as I do just about every week, to talk about  the situation with the Obama healthcare law, the challenges the  American people face, and our commitment to help provide relief and  rescue the American people from what has happened to them under  President Obama's healthcare law.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   