 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding, and I rise  to extend my support for this rule and the underlying legislation.   This legislation funds critical, bipartisan health programs that help  keep our communities healthy.   Mr. Speaker, I have long been a strong supporter of CHIP because I  have seen it in action back in my home State of Alabama. I served on  the Alabama State School Board back when Alabama implemented our CHIP  program, known as ALL Kids. ALL Kids was the first CHIP program in the  country, and it has made a real difference. In fact, the uninsurance  rate for children in Alabama has gone from 20 percent pre-CHIP to 2.4  percent today.   For 83,000 Alabama children under 19, the program offers low-cost,  comprehensive healthcare coverage that includes regular checkups,  immunizations, sick child doctor visits, prescriptions, vision care,  dental care, and much more.   CHIP has always been a bipartisan program, and I hope this  reauthorization will earn bipartisan support for the children of  America.   This legislation also reauthorizes the community health centers fund.  I am a huge champion of community health centers because, again, I have  seen them work in Alabama from the Mostellar Medical Center in Bayou La  Batre to Franklin Primary Health in Mobile to Southwest Alabama Health  Services in McIntosh. These centers are vitally important to so many  Americans, but especially to low-income families and those in rural  areas.   One in 13 people nationwide rely on a health center for their  healthcare needs, and this reauthorization is necessary to ensure those  individuals continue to receive access to medical care.   This legislation also includes many other healthcare provisions to  meet other priorities. Among these provisions, I am pleased the  legislation continues Medicaid disproportionate share hospital  payments, or DSH payments, as they are commonly known.   DSH provides funding to hospitals that treat a large number of  indigent patients. DSH is absolutely critical to the life of Alabama's  hospitals, and failure to renew these important payments could result  in numerous hospital closures in our State.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  get behind this legislation and ensure it gets across the finish line.  We should not let petty political arguments keep us from ensuring that  children have access to affordable health insurance, keeping the doors  open at community health centers, or allowing Alabama's hospitals to  continue serving communities in need.   