 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, when polls ask Americans what issues are  most important to them, one topic seems to score high every time: jobs  and the economy. It is not surprising. The American people have had a  rough time over the past few years.  [[Page S4642]]    The Obama years were characterized by long-term economic stagnation.  Jobs and opportunities were few and far between. Wage growth was almost  nonexistent, and yearly economic growth alternated between weak and  woeful.   During the last year of the Obama administration--years, I might add,  after the recession ended--economic growth averaged a dismal 1.5  percent. That is barely half of the growth needed for a healthy  economy.   There have been some encouraging signs over the past few months.  Economic growth for the second quarter of 2017 was stronger. We still  have a way to go to get to where we need to be. Things still need to  get better and better faster.   Another thing is, we want things to get better for the long term.  During the Obama administration, there were periods of reasonable  economic growth, but they were quickly followed by weak periods. That  is not good enough. We need to put our economy on a strong, healthy  footing for the long term.   How do we do this? How do we get back on the path to long-term  economic health? One important thing we can do is reform our outdated,  inefficient, and growth-stifling Tax Code.   The Tax Code might not be the first thing people think of when they  think of economic growth, but it actually plays a huge rule in every  aspect of our economy. It helps determine how much money you have left  over to save or invest or whether you can afford a car or a house. When  it comes to businesses, it can be the key to determining whether a  young business gets off the ground or an existing business has the  money to grow and to hire new workers.   Unfortunately, our current Tax Code is not helping our economy. Too  often, American families find their opportunities limited by the size  of the tax bill they owe to Uncle Sam. Large and small businesses alike  find themselves struggling under heavy tax burdens that compromise  their ability to grow and compete.   What does tax reform need to look like? On the individual side, of  course, we need to lower income tax rates to put more money in  Americans' pockets. American families should be the ones deciding how  to spend their earnings and not Washington bureaucrats.   On the business side, there are two important things we can do that  will have long-term benefits for economic growth: first, lower tax  rates for all types of businesses--sole proprietorships, S  corporations, limited liability companies, and corporations; and,  second, accelerate the rate at which businesses can recover their  investment costs to free up money for them to reinvest in their  businesses, create new jobs, and increase wages.   When it comes to lowering business tax rates, there are several  things we need to do. For starters, we need to lower our Nation's  corporate tax rate. The United States has the highest corporate tax  rate in the developed world. That puts American businesses at a  competitive disadvantage in the global economy.   When American businesses are taxed at a far higher rate than their  foreign competitors, it is likely to be the foreign, rather than the  American, companies that expand and thrive.   It is not just our high corporate tax rate that puts American  businesses at a competitive disadvantage. It is also our outdated  worldwide tax system. If we want American businesses to stay  competitive in the global economy, we need to move from a worldwide tax  system to a territorial tax system.   The chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator Orrin Hatch,  delivered a speech the other day explaining exactly why we need to move  to a territorial system. I highly recommend reading his full speech,  but I am going to take just a moment to highlight some of the points he  made in that speech.   What does it mean to have a worldwide tax system? Under a worldwide  tax system, American companies pay U.S. taxes on the profit they make  here at home, as well as any profit they make abroad, once they bring  that money back here home to the United States.   The problem with this is twofold. First, these companies are already  paying taxes to foreign governments on the money they make abroad.  While the current Tax Code gives them some credit for those foreign tax  payments, they can still end up paying some U.S. taxes when they bring  that money home, meaning they are being taxed twice on those profits.   This discourages companies from bringing their profits home to invest  in their domestic operations in the United States. If the tax burden  for bringing that money home is too great, they have a strong incentive  to leave that money abroad and invest it in foreign workers and foreign  economies.   The other problem is, most other major world economies have shifted  from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system. In a  territorial tax system, you pay taxes on the money you earn where you  make it and only there. You aren't taxed again when you bring money  back to your home country.   Most of American companies' foreign competitors have been operating  under a territorial tax system for years so they are paying a lot less  in taxes than American companies are. That leaves American companies at  a competitive disadvantage.   These foreign companies can underbid American companies for new  business simply because they don't have to add as much in taxes into  the price of their products or services. By moving to a territorial tax  system in the United States--a move that is supported, by the way, by  Members of both parties--we can put American companies on an even  footing with their global competitors.   With a territorial tax system and a lower corporate tax rate, we can  provide a strong reason for companies to keep their operations in the  United States and to bring their profits back home, instead of  incentivizing companies to send their operations overseas the way they  do now.   Improving the competitiveness of American companies and giving them a  reason to invest their profits back home will have huge economic  benefits, not only for American companies who are competing in the  global marketplace but also for all the small- and medium-sized  companies that form the supply chain here in the United States.   For every American company that operates in countries around the  world, there are countless companies here at home that supply the raw  material for the products that are sold abroad--businesses that handle  the packaging and the shipping of those products and enterprises that  supply support services like accounting and legal and payroll services.   The list goes on. America's global companies rely on a web of  supporting businesses that spans the entire United States. As a result,  when American companies are successful, so is the American economy.   Obviously, lowering corporate tax rates and moving to a territorial  tax system will have the most impact on American companies with an  international footprint. Tax reform also has to focus on that other  engine of economic growth; that is, the American small business.   Like bigger businesses, small businesses currently face high tax  rates, at times even exceeding those paid by large corporations.  Lowering tax rates for small businesses has to be a part of any tax  reform bill.   A dollar saved in lower tax rates is a dollar a small business owner  can put back into the business to expand, to add another worker, or to  give employees a raise. The other thing we can do for small businesses  is to allow them to recover their investments in inventory, machinery,  and the like faster.   Under current law, small- and medium-sized corporations are often  required to use a method of accounting known as accrual accounting.  Basically, what that means is, a business has to pay tax on income  before it receives the cash and cannot deduct all of its expenses when  it pays the invoice.   For investments in equipment and facilities, the delay in recovering  the cost of the investment can be even longer. For instance, right now,  the cost of a computer is recovered over 5 years; tractors, over 7  years; and commercial buildings, over 39 years.   For many businesses, this means it can be many years before that  substantial investment can be fully deducted. That can leave a business  extremely  [[Page S4643]]  cash poor. Cash-poor businesses don't expand, they don't hire new  workers, and they don't increase wages.   Boosting small businesses' available cash by allowing them to recover  their investments faster is one of the most important things we can do  to help small businesses thrive.   I have actually introduced legislation that would do just that. My  bill, which is called the INVEST Act, focuses on allowing new  businesses to recover their startup costs more quickly and allowing  existing small- and medium-sized businesses and farms and ranches to  recover their investments faster, and in some cases deducting the  acquisition costs immediately.   All of the tax reform priorities I have discussed today, and more,  will be part of the final tax reform package that we develop in the  U.S. Senate.   Members of the tax-writing committees, in both the Senate and the  House, have spent years working out the best approach to tax reform.  Both committees have redoubled their efforts this year, even as the  Senate and the House took up a variety of different priorities.   Last week, leaders from the Senate, the House, and the administration  announced that the Senate Finance Committee, of which I am a member,  and the House Ways and Means Committee would begin putting together a  final version of a tax reform package. Our goal is for the Senate and  House to take up and pass the legislation sometime this fall.   I am looking forward to working with Chairman Hatch and all of my  colleagues in the Senate Finance Committee to put together that final  bill, because American families and businesses are counting on us to  enact a tax system that works for them and not against them. That is  what we intend to give them.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that quorum calls during  consideration of the Wray nomination be charged equally to both sides.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   