 Mr. President, life is at its core a series of votes. We  forget the mundane choices: what we wore to work or what we had for  lunch last week. We remember the momentous choices, however: taking a  new job or starting a family.   My colleagues in this Chamber on both sides of the aisle are here  because they chose to answer the call of public service, and folks in  our States chose us to represent them. Week in and week out, we choose  how we will vote in committees, on the floor, on nominees, as well as  on legislation. We choose to cooperate when we find consensus, and we  choose to resist when we don't. We cast hundreds of votes every  Congress, year in and year out. Some are memorable, and some are not.   One of the most memorable choices of my career in public service was  voting for the Affordable Care Act--a bill that, while imperfect, I  knew would literally save thousands of lives and help millions of  Americans afford the health insurance they need. In the months and  years since, I have heard countless stories from Michiganders whose  lives were changed for the better as a result of this law.   A few weeks ago, I shared the story of a fellow Michigander named  Stefanie. Stefanie is from Livonia and worked her entire adult life in  the retail and restaurant industry. Stefanie had never been offered  health coverage by her previous employers but was able to purchase a  plan because of the Affordable Care Act.   In December 2015, Stefanie's third-floor apartment caught fire, and  an unthinkable choice was forced on her: Stay and die in the fire, or  leap from a third-floor window in order to save her  [[Page S4356]]  life. Stefanie chose to jump. She sustained serious injuries, including  a broken back and a shattered foot. Her total treatment costs came  close to $700,000--an amount which would surely bankrupt nearly all  Americans if they did not have health insurance. Because of the  Affordable Care Act, Stefanie was able to receive treatment for her  injuries and have a second shot at life.   Last week, Stefanie traveled to Washington, DC, and I had the honor  of meeting with her in my office. Her family, friends, and others in  the community had actually pulled together funds to send her here to  Washington, DC, so she could share her story with me and with others in  Congress firsthand. I can't imagine how painful it is for Stefanie to  relive this trauma, but she chooses to share because she wants others  to have access to the same care she had.   Any mother, father, sister, son, or daughter could someday face an  unexpected emergency, just like Stefanie. Nobody chooses to get sick,  and nobody should be denied health insurance when they need it.   Having health coverage afforded Stefanie a new lease on life. Instead  of filing for bankruptcy due to her medical bills, Stefanie now plans  to go back to school and become a paralegal. Stefanie and others just  like her--like you and me--deserve to know that when we get sick or  when we get hurt, we still have a shot at life.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle face a very difficult  choice of their own. They can choose to do what is politically  expedient by passing legislation tonight to repeal parts of the  Affordable Care Act. This would cause millions more Americans to go  without insurance, create chaos in our insurance markets, and risk  skyrocketing premiums. But my Republican colleagues can still do the  right thing: Vote no on whatever flawed bill they finally put forward  tonight, start over, work across the aisle in a bipartisan manner, keep  what works, and let's fix what doesn't work.   I urge my Republican colleagues to think about people like Stefanie  who will be hurt by repealing the Affordable Care Act. I urge them to  choose to work with us on a bipartisan healthcare plan that helps  people by lowering premiums while expanding access to care. I urge my  colleagues to stop this partisan process that is sure to hurt people  and choose a path that improves healthcare for all Americans.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   Mr. President, I wish to withhold my suggestion of an absence of a  quorum.   