 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question and allow an  amendment to be put forward on H.R. 356, the Protecting Our Democracy  Act.   A public report was released on Friday by the FBI, the CIA, and the  NSA, and it was chilling. It declared that Russia attacked our  democracy in the past Presidential election. It said that the attack  came from the Russian services themselves. It was ordered by Vladimir  Putin and, most concerning, that Russia had a preferred candidate and  that they sought to denigrate Secretary Clinton along the way.   Going forward, this is not about relitigating the past. Donald Trump  will be the next President. This is about preserving the integrity of  our democracy and saying that our dialogue, our democracy, these fights  between our parties, they belong to us.   The report also said that Russia intends to do this again. We know  that Russia has done this before across the globe to our allies. They  are doing it right now to other countries as they seek to move forward  in their democracies. Now other foreign adversaries of ours will look  at what Russia did, if we do nothing, and see an opportunity to strike  us again.   So we have an opportunity, as Republicans and Democrats, to come  together and say that the victims may have been the Democratic Party in  this past election and, if history has its way, in the next election it  may be a different party.   The constant will always remain this: both parties will unite to say,  We believe that this democracy, which has been fought and sacrificed  for, is worth defending. To do that, we should have an independent,  bipartisan, appointed commission to look at how this was able to occur,  why our democracy was so vulnerable, and, most importantly, make  recommendations to the public to ensure that this never happens again.   We should do this so, first, we can devote ourselves fully--with an  independent commission, you have full-time members and full-time  staffs--to understanding what happened.   Second, we should do this to depoliticize what has occurred. The  incoming President has continuously undermined the findings of our 17  intelligence agencies that Russia was responsible. We should  depoliticize this by taking this out of Congress and having an  independent commission, once and for all, sign off on who was  responsible and, again, make recommendations to protect us going  forward.   We should also declassify, to the extent possible, the evidence  behind the findings.   Finally, once this commission is formed and once congressional  investigations also take place, the American people have to come  together. We have to come together because we can never again let an  outside meddler influence our elections. So we have every single House  Democrat cosponsoring this legislation.   This legislation should not be partisan at all. When you talk to  Republicans and you talk to Democrats in our districts and you talk to  Independents, they all express a concern about what Russia did. So what  we can do in this House is say: We are united. We are united to get to  the bottom of what happened.   So I invite my Republican colleagues to join us in the search for  what happened. Join us in this responsibility to do everything we can  to tell our constituents that, in the next election, we won't let it  happen again. Defeat the previous question and support H.R. 356, the  Protecting Our Democracy Act.   