 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, as chairman of the Senate Finance  Committee, I am releasing a chairman's mark for the Senate version of  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, legislation that is the culmination of years  of effort to reform our Nation's Tax Code. We have been at this a long  time, and today marks a significant step forward in this effort. While  we refer to this document as a chairman's mark, it has really been a  group effort, with significant input from all the Republican members of  the Finance Committee and great work from all of our staff. I want to  thank everyone involved for their hard work, as well as their feedback,  perspectives, advice, and ideas.   The last time Congress enacted a comprehensive overhaul of the Tax  Code back in 1986, President Reagan famously noted that the American  people would finally have a tax code they could be proud of. And in  1986, that was likely true. At that time, updates to the Tax Code were  necessary to keep pace with the technological and geopolitical changes  our Nation had been facing. That sounds pretty familiar, Mr. President.  It is, after all, what we have been saying for the last several years.  The world of 1986 was vastly different from the world we live in today.  Advances in the past three decades have been monumental. Yet our Tax  Code has not advanced, and it is failing us.   The American people have dealt with years of stagnating wages,  sluggishness in labor markets, and weak growth in the economy.  Businesses are fleeing our country to find more favorable conditions in  other countries. We have been working for years to address these issues  and to meet the needs of the 21st-century global economy.   Fortunately, we now find ourselves in a position to make good on all  of these years of hard work. A big part of that is the fact that our  current President is fully engaged on tax reform, unlike his most  recent predecessor. So we have been focused this year on providing  middle-class tax relief, reforming the business tax system, and fixing  our obscenely outdated international tax regime.   The mark we are releasing today will accomplish all of these goals  and more. It will reduce individual rates across the board and direct  substantial relief to low- and middle-income families and workers. It  will bring down corporate tax rates--a goal long shared by Republicans  and Democrats--and provide businesses with new opportunities for growth  and expansion. It will modernize our international tax system, bringing  to an end our worldwide tax regime, a relic that should have been  retired many years ago. We have been laser-focused on reducing taxes  for the middle class, and that is exactly what this bill will do.   Combined, these changes to our broken Tax Code in the chairman's mark  will give hard-working taxpayers across the country bigger paychecks  and more opportunities. They will grow our economy, raising wages and  improving the standard of living for all Americans. They will once  again make America the best place in the world to create, grow, and  keep a business--where we create more jobs and sustain a vibrant,  growing economy.   I will have more to say on the specifics of the mark in the coming  days. For now, I just want to give my colleagues on the Finance  Committee an opportunity to share their thoughts on the steps we are  taking today.   Before we get to that, I do want to acknowledge the elephants in the  room. Only Republicans will be standing up today to speak in favor of  the mark, and I expect we will hear some negative comments from our  friends on the other side of the aisle soon enough. On that point, I  will just reiterate what I have said many times in the past: Our desire  from the outset of this endeavor has been to have Democrats join us in  this effort.   I have personally invited my colleagues to come to the table, to  share their views, and to work with us in good faith. Yet I expect that  we will hear a lot about supposed process fouls in the coming days. Let  me make it clear to anyone listening: As chairman of the Senate's tax  writing committee, I haven't turned anyone away from the process. I  haven't refused to listen to anyone's ideas or suggestions. And I  continue to say, with conviction, that I am still willing to have them  onboard and hope they will be willing to get onboard and join us in  this effort.   A critical objective in the effort is to provide relief and support  to the large swath of Americans in the middle class who have been left  behind, without economic gain or opportunities for growth.   Our tax reform efforts--represented in the chairman's mark put  forward today--show that we are listening to those calling out for  relief. We have a historic opportunity to help, and that opportunity  should not be squandered by anyone on either side of the aisle for  cheap political points.   With that, I am grateful to be a member of this body and grateful to  be chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, which is a very powerful  and hard-working committee--both Republicans and Democrats. I am  grateful to make these remarks today.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Martin  Pippins, a detailee on the Senate Committee on Finance, be granted  floor privileges for the duration of this Congress.   