 Mr. President, I support the nomination of General  James Mattis to serve as Secretary of Defense.   I voted against enacting an exception to the National Security Act  for a recently retired general to serve as Secretary of Defense, but  that vote was in support of our Nation's tradition of civilian  leadership of the military. Now that General Mattis's nomination is  before the Senate on the merits, I believe that he will provide the  experience and steady hand that will serve this administration well.   General Mattis has served as a commander of NATO coalition troops. He  commanded troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. And he was commander of the  U.S. Central Command, responsible for American military operations in  the Middle East, Northeast Africa, and Central Asia. General Mattis has  served as a visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford  University, and Members of both parties who have worked with him have  testified to his breadth of knowledge and understanding of key threats  and America's role in the world.   I was heartened to hear in the course of General Mattis's hearing and  the Senate's consideration of his nomination that he has many views  that are more reasoned than those expressed by President-Elect Trump.  His testimony made clear that he recognizes the very real challenges  posed by Russia, and the importance of reassuring our NATO allies of  America's commitment to our common defense and mutual obligations. I am  pleased to hear that General Mattis opposes the use of torture and has  no intention to reverse Department of Defense policies on women and the  LGBT community. I hope that General Mattis's counsel will persuade  President Trump on these matters.   I believe that General Mattis's knowledge of and familiarity with  international affairs will be of help to the incoming President and the  Nation and thus I support his nomination.   Mr. President, President Trump ran a divisive campaign that engaged  in fear-mongering against many immigrants and scapegoated Muslim  Americans. To the extent that he attempts to act on that irresponsible  rhetoric, I will strongly oppose him.   Thus, I appreciated many of General Kelly's comments in his  confirmation hearing before the Committee on Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs, including his opposition to a registry based on  ethnicity or religion and his skepticism of the utility of an expensive  massive border wall. I hope that General Kelly will use his voice to  advocate for those views in the new administration.   General Kelly has an admirable record of public service, including  leadership of the U.S. Southern Command, which is responsible for  Central America, South America, and the Caribbean. He has a strong  relationship with current Homeland Security Secretary, Jeh Johnson,  which will help support a smooth transition of the $40 billion agency  with its 240,000 employees.   I am concerned, however, that at General Kelly's confirmation  hearing, Senator Harris repeatedly asked him whether he would honor the  commitment made to DACA children and DREAMers not to share their  personal information with Immigration and Customs Enforcement to  protect them from deportation. General Kelly repeatedly declined to say  that he would. DACA recipients submitted their personal information to  the government on the assurance from the Department of Homeland  Security that their information would not be used against them. These  families now live in fear that the new administration will tear them  apart.   I hope that these concerns prove to be unwarranted, and, should  General Kelly be confirmed, I look forward to working with him to both  protect our homeland and the values we hold dear. However, his failure  to provide assurances that he will meet the commitment we have made to  these individuals who came to the United States as children means I  cannot support his nomination today.   