 Mr. Speaker, today is a good day for hardworking  Americans. We are considering legislation that let's taxpayers keep  more of their paycheck to save, spend, and invest as they see fit.   Our bill--the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act--will overhaul our broken tax  code and finally put the American taxpayer first. Because we can all  agree that hardworking taxpayers are the losers under the current  system. Right now, our tax code rewards lawyers, lobbyists and  loopholes--while leaving hardworking families and job creators behind.   The bill we are considering today will change all of that. To me,  there is only one special interest group that matters--and that is the  American people.   That's why we simplify the tax code and cut taxes for all Americans  to ensure hardworking Americans--like the people I represent in  Southeast Texas--can keep more of their hard-earned money.   It has been more than 30 years since the last time we overhauled our  tax code. And since then it has grown to more than 70,000 pages.   I like to put it this way . . . our current tax code is now longer  than the Bible with none of the good news. Over the past 30 years,  Washington has piled up all these carveouts and loopholes for special  interests--making things far too complicated and far too expensive for  hardworking families.   This needs to end--and today the House will take a historic step to  fix that and deliver long overdue tax relief to the American people.  Here are the details:   First, we get rid of loopholes. Then we use that money to lower  taxes. And then, we simplify the code altogether.   Now, instead of seven confusing tax brackets and carveouts, there  will be just four--making things so simple that you can file your taxes  on a postcard.   Importantly, we also double the standard deduction, increase the  child tax credit, eliminate the Death Tax, and preserve the home  mortgage interest deduction.   In addition--to help create more good jobs right here in America--we  lower the tax rate on job creators from 35 percent down to 20 percent.   Today, many of America's biggest job producers face the highest tax  rate in the world--which makes America less competitive and forces jobs  overseas.   We fix that in our bill--because we want companies to invest, grow  and produce jobs right here in America. We also reduce the tax rate on  the income earned by small businesses to no more than 25 percent--the  lowest tax rate on small business income since World War II.   Folks, let's not forget. When we reformed the tax system over 30  years ago, it led to an explosion in jobs and economic growth.   With the passage of this bill, we will be on the verge of achieving  such greatness again. This is an exciting time--and the American people  deserve some good news.   I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quickly follow our lead and get  a bill passed so we can deliver a tax relief bill to the American  people before Christmas.   For more details on our bill, please visit www.FairAndSimple.GOP.  Thank you--and God bless.   