 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that would  authorize the Secretary of Defense to make existing funds available  from the Defense Health Program for collaboration with medical  researchers and universities to address the growing number of tick- borne diseases through research and testing.   The Army Public Health Center has operated a basic tick testing  program for nearly 30 years. Through this program, military personnel  can assess tick identification services through military healthcare  facilities at no charge.   However, the tests provided by this program are limited to only six  tick-borne diseases, whereas the Centers for Disease Control and the  Department of Defense have now identified 16 of these tick-borne  diseases, some of which can be fatal.   According to the Centers for Disease Control, around 30,000 cases of  Lyme disease are reported each year. However, additional CDC research  reveals the actual number of diagnoses could be as high as 300,000.  And, alarmingly, nearly 20 percent of the people surveyed in areas with  high incidence of Lyme disease were unaware that the disease was even a  risk.   This issue is of particular concern in my region. According to the  Massachusetts Department of Public Health, my district includes the  counties with the five highest rates of Lyme disease in the  Commonwealth, including Barnstable County, home of Joint Base Cape Cod.   However, my region is not alone on this issue. Ticks carrying  dangerous diseases can be found in all corners of the continental  United States, from Massachusetts in the north to Texas in the south,  from Pennsylvania in the east to California in the west. Our  servicemembers are especially vulnerable as they frequently are exposed  to heavily tick-infested areas.   For example, Powassan. The Powassan virus is a serious tick-borne  illness known to cause encephalitis, meningitis, and even death.  Multiple cases of Powassan have already been reported in Massachusetts  this year, yet the DOD tick testing program does not even include a  test for Powassan in their regimen.   Mr. Chair, I realize there is a concern that amendments to this  legislation might lead to a Defense Health Program pushed beyond its  capacity. That is not the case here. The military tick testing program  already exists. This amendment would necessarily help the Department of  Defense modernize the existing program to meet new challenges in the  field of tick-borne diseases.   Indeed, the DOD's own website informs us that emerging tick-borne  diseases are being discovered all the time and that yearly cases of  known tick-borne diseases have been increasing steadily for years. We  are fortunate to have experts already working to combat the rise in  tick-borne disease.   My amendment would facilitate collaboration among these experts in  DOD to test more tick samples for more diseases, meet the growing needs  of our military, and ultimately lead to better healthcare outcomes.   Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania, Mr. Thompson,  for joining me as a cosponsor in this amendment. Pennsylvania is among  the States in the mid-Atlantic region experiencing drastic increases in  the incidence of tick-borne illnesses.   And the hope is our efforts today on the floor and by the Secretary  of Defense in the next fiscal year will help save lives.   Also, I thank Chairman Thornberry for his work on this important  legislation as well.  [[Page H5799]]    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, in my earlier remarks, I did associate  myself with the chairman's concern that the Department of Defense, the  Defense Health Program could be pushed beyond its capacity. It is very  important to recognize what he recognized, because if it gets pushed  too far, it can't accomplish the things that it is working to really  address.   In this instance, as he mentioned, I believe I did distinguish the  fact that this is nearly a three-decade program, and what we are doing  here is making sure its mission is modernized so it is dealing with  what is happening in the healthcare field within that area of tick- borne illnesses.   So I do appreciate the comments of the chairman, and I think it is  wise to point that out. I do hope my colleague supports this amendment,  because I have been able to distinguish that from this trend.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   