 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr.  Cook), a valuable member of the Committee on Natural Resources, for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today, we are here to consider a bill that aims to  remove barriers to improve our Nation's water and power infrastructure.   Just last Thursday, the House passed a bill designating the Bureau of  Reclamation as the lead agency when it comes to permitting new and  expanded water storage projects. Today, the bill before us seeks to  clear up regulatory confusion over the development of new pumped  storage hydropower.   Hydropower can and should be part of an all-of-the-above energy  strategy now and well into the future. It is a reliable and emissions- free source of electricity that accounts for a majority of the Nation's  total renewable electricity generation.   In my home State of Colorado, we have over 60 operating hydropower  facilities that generate more than 1,100 megawatts, including new  projects such as Carter Lake, South Canal, and Ridgway Reservoir.  However, as is the case nationwide, there is potential for new  hydropower generation in Colorado.   My bill, the Bureau of Reclamation Pumped Storage Hydropower  Development Act, H.R. 1967, looks to pave the way for additional clean  hydropower generation by clearing up regulatory permitting confusion at  existing Bureau of Reclamation facilities.   We worked with our colleague from central Washington State, Mr.  Newhouse, on this bill. His interest stems from a real-life example of  where it is unclear whether the Bureau of Reclamation or the Federal  Energy Regulatory Commission have permitting jurisdiction on pumped  storage hydropower projects at the Columbia Basin Project.   The project's proponents want to build a project that pumps water to  and from two of the project's reservoirs for hydroelectric generation.  But because of potential dual permitting requirements, there have been  serious delays in bringing this potential 500 megawatt project online.   Similar to a public law authored in 2013 by our committee colleague  and fellow Coloradan, Scott Tipton, that cleared up confusion on the  Bureau of Reclamation's pipes and canals, my bill makes it clear that  the Bureau of Reclamation is the lead agency that will oversee pumped  storage development for projects exclusively utilizing the agency's  facilities.   The regulatory clarification in my bill will help pave the way for  more pumped storage by incentivizing developers who will, in turn, pay  the American taxpayers for the use of Federal facilities.   In a hearing earlier this spring of the Water, Power, and Oceans  Subcommittee, which I chair, even our friends on the other side of the  aisle agreed that we should be doing all we can to incentivize clean,  renewable hydropower generation at existing Federal facilities. That is  why this bill was passed by the House Natural Resources Committee by  unanimous consent in April.   I urge my House colleagues to join me in promoting clean, renewable  hydropower generation as part of our Nation's all-of-the-above energy  strategy by supporting this bill, the Bureau of Reclamation Pumped  Storage Hydropower Development Act.   