 Mr. President, I respect my friend from Kentucky. We work  together on the Foreign Relations Committee. I could not disagree more  on this issue, and I will give a brief outline.   The Houthis are an Iran-backed entity that overthrew a Western-backed  government in Yemen. Last year on the floor, with a vote of 71 votes,  this body voted to support the selling of tanks to Saudi Arabia.   Foreign policy partisanship generally stops at the shores. I know  Senator Paul has been very consistent on this, but I am afraid this  vote is somewhat about some Members wanting to get a piece of President  Trump's hide on an issue that is far more important than something like  that. I am fearful that this is what is happening today on the floor.   A lot of people don't realize that Saudi Arabia already has the  bombs. What we would be selling to them is the precision-guided  weaponry systems that allow these bombs to be smart bombs and not dumb  bombs.   Most people have been concerned about Saudi Arabia when they have  been involved in pushing back the Houthis, who, by the way, are firing  weapons into their country from the southern border. It would be no  different than if Mexico were doing that to ours. I know that is not  going to happen. But, obviously, we would be firing back. So what is  happening here is that they bought the bombs from Italy, and what they  want to buy from us is these precision systems that allow them to not  kill civilians. It is to protect civilians.   Think about this. Here in the Senate we want to protect civilians in  Saudi Arabia, and in our wisdom we are looking at blocking the sale of  the very mechanisms that would allow that to happen--in some cases, I  am afraid, just to make a point against the Trump administration.   Actually, their policies here have been very sound. The meeting they  had in Saudi Arabia was very beneficial. Saudi Arabia has flaws, but  they have been an ally. This would show us as stepping away from an  ally in a way that is cutting our nose off to spite our face by not  allowing them to have the precision mechanisms to keep them from  killing civilians.   We have taken Senators down in the SCIF. There is absolutely no  evidence that Saudi Arabia tried to kill civilians--none. As a matter  of fact, there is evidence to the contrary. So, please, let's be  rational. I know there are disagreements over some foreign policy  issues. This should not be one of them. I urge defeat of this proposal.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Kentucky.    Mr. President, I am glad to be down here with our ranking  member, Senator Ben Cardin from Maryland. I want to thank him and his  staff for working until 10:20 last night to complete negotiations on a  Russia amendment. I want to thank Senator Crapo and his staff and  Senator Brown and his staff for the work they did on the sanctions  component, where over the last 5 months they have worked with our  counterparts around the world to make sure that what we did in this  piece of legislation was something that was workable. Truly, I think it  has been a great effort by four different offices. I am glad that  cloture has been filed on that amendment, and I understand we are going  to vote on it tomorrow at 2 o'clock.   I will be very brief. Senator Cardin and I are here on the floor  together, and I know he wants to make some comments about this. Let me  just give a brief summary, if I could.   The amendment enhances Congress's role in determining sanctions  policy on Russia. It provides for the President to use a national  security waiver or sanctions termination after giving Congress 30 days  to review the proposed action.   I think everyone here knows I am a strong proponent of congressional  review. We began that under President Obama. To me, it gets us in a  place where we are playing an appropriate role in foreign policy.   The amendment codifies existing sanctions on Russia for their  activities in Ukraine and cyber space.   The amendment strengthens and expands existing conduct-based  sanctions by requiring the imposition of sanctions on actors  undermining cyber security, supplying arms to Syria, human rights  abusers, and those involved in corrupt privatization of government- owned assets.   It mandates sanctions on Russian deep-water, Arctic, and shale  projects worldwide and yet allows for waivers to be made based on  national security interests of the United States.   This amendment prioritizes U.S. foreign assistance to allies in their  fight against Russian aggression. This is something I know Senator  Cardin worked hard on, and I appreciate his efforts.   It authorizes $250 million to establish the Countering Russian  Influence Fund to implement programs in EU and NATO member countries-- Senator Portman played a role in this as well, and I appreciate his  efforts--as well as candidate nations, to combat Russian interference,  with a priority given to programs that develop cyber security, address  public corruption, respond to humanitarian crises, counter  disinformation, and support democratic institutions.   It requires the State Department and other Federal agencies to  collaborate and develop a plan to reduce Ukraine's dependence on  Russian energy imports, which we know Russia has used to extort  Ukraine.   I think it is a very good piece of legislation. I appreciate the  contributions of many Members here. I know Senator McCain, Senator  Graham, Senator Rubio, and so many people here have been involved in  wanting to produce legislation that pushes back in this way. We have  tried to utilize the best of many bills that have been put forth.   Again, I cannot thank the ranking member and his staff enough for the  way they have worked with us to get us to this point.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.    Mr. President, I thank my friend for his comments. Again,  I wish to reiterate that the Banking staff, Senator Crapo and his  staff, and Senator Brown and his staff did an outstanding job of  focusing on sanctions that would work in the appropriate way, as was  just laid out, and really brought out the best of the two committees to  come up with the legislation that we have.   I hope we will have a very strong vote tomorrow. I think this very  much supports U.S. foreign policy. I look forward to that taking place  tomorrow at 2 o'clock.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.   