 Mr. President, as the leader has very ably pointed out,  the Democratic obstruction when it comes to President Trump's nominees  is reaching an unprecedented level if you compare it to any past  administration. He pointed out the number of nominees President Obama  was able to get in and the way in which Republicans here in the Senate  cooperated with him on his nominees. This state of affairs here in the  Senate really is taking the obstructionism when it comes to trying to  block even getting people into the administration, into their  positions, to an entirely new level.   Frankly, about the only thing that probably exceeds the pileup of  President Trump's nominees who are not getting into his administration  is the pileup of bad ObamaCare news stories. Just take a look at a few  of the recent headlines.   From the Cincinnati Enquirer: ``Another insurer leaves Ohio health  care exchange.''   From Bloomberg: ``Anthem's Exit Creates Obamacare `Crisis' for Rural  Nevadans.''   From the Washington Free Beacon: ``Recent Obamacare Insurer Exits  Lead to 2 More Counties With No Choices.''   This is another headline from the Washington Free Beacon: ``19th  Obamacare Co-Op Folds, Leaving Only 4 Operating in 2018.''   Across the United States, the story is the same--huge premium  increases, fewer choices, and a system that is well on its way to  complete collapse.   In late May, the Department of Health and Human Services released a  report comparing the average individual market insurance premium in  2013, which was the year most of ObamaCare's regulations and mandates  were implemented, with the average individual market exchange premium  in 2017 in the 39 States that use healthcare.gov. This is what they  found:   Between 2013 and 2017, the average individual market monthly premium  in the healthcare.gov States increased by 105 percent. That is in the  4-year timeframe since ObamaCare was implemented. On average,  individual market premiums more than doubled in just those few years.   In my home State of South Dakota, premiums increased by 124 percent,  or $3,588. That is money South Dakota families had to take from other  priorities, such as saving for retirement or investing in their  children's education. Over the past 5 years, the average individual  market yearly premium has increased by $4,800 in Arizona; $8,364 in  Alaska; $3,648 in Louisiana; $5,064 in North Carolina; $4,488 in  Tennessee; and $5,292 in West Virginia.   Premium hikes aren't over. In fact, in many cases, they are getting  worse. Here are some of the premium hikes insurers are proposing for  2018. In Maryland, one insurer has proposed an average premium increase  of 52 percent. An Iowa insurer is seeking an average 43.5 percent  premium increase. In North Carolina, an insurer is pursuing an average  22.9 percent hike. A Virginia insurer is looking for an average rate  increase of 38 percent. A Delaware insurer is looking for an average  rate hike of 33.6 percent. A Maine insurer is seeking an average rate  hike of 40 percent. I could go on. Remember, these are rate hikes for  just 1 year. The double-digit rate hikes for next year are in addition  to years upon years of dramatic Obama premium increases, as I already  pointed out.   The ObamaCare status quo is not sustainable. This law was fatally  flawed from the beginning, and it is rapidly imploding. The American  people need relief. Inaction is not an option.   My colleagues across the aisle seem to want to do one of two things.  They either want to do nothing, which would leave Americans even worse  off than they are now, or they want to double down on ObamaCare's  failures by giving the government even more control over Americans'  healthcare and then raising Americans' taxes to pay for it. Neither one  of those so-called solutions will provide relief to the American  people.   Republicans are committed to providing real help to the millions of  Americans who have been hurt by ObamaCare, and we are working on  legislation to do just that. My colleagues  [[Page S3893]]  in the House made a good start, and we are working to build on their  bill here in the Senate.   We are committed to helping to stabilize the collapsing insurance  markets that left millions of Americans with no options. We are  committed to freeing the American people from the onerous ObamaCare  individual mandate, which requires Americans to purchase insurance that  they may not want or can't afford. We are committed to improving the  affordability of health insurance, which keeps getting more expensive  under ObamaCare. We are committed to preserving access to care for  Americans with preexisting conditions. We are committed to  strengthening Medicaid for those who need it most by giving States more  flexibility while ensuring that those who rely on this program don't  have the rug pulled out from under them.   The American people have suffered under ObamaCare for long enough. It  is time to give them some relief, and that is what we intend to do.   