 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Perdue). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I want to address the Senate on the  occasion of the solemn memorial of 7 years since the Deepwater Horizon  explosion and the resulting oilspill, where 11 workmen were tragically  killed.   The oilspill fouled the sensitive gulf ecosystem in ways that we  still do not fully realize. Yet we are hearing today that the President  is expected to issue an Executive order this week that ignores the  implications of that tragedy, which was also the largest environmental  disaster in U.S. history, by blindly encouraging more drilling in very  sensitive areas.   I can tell you that drilling off the coast of Florida's neighboring  States poses a real threat to our State's environment and our  multibillion-dollar tourism industry, and that is because a spill off  the coast of Louisiana can end up on the beaches of northwest Florida,  just like a spill off the coast of Virginia or South Carolina can  affect the entire Atlantic coast.   BP, as a result of Deepwater Horizon, agreed to pay more than $20  billion in penalties to clean up the 2010 oilspill and repay gulf  residents for lost revenue. But, apparently, that wasn't enough, if  BP's recent spill in Alaska is any indication.   So we shouldn't be surprised, since oil companies and their friends  have fought against any new safety standards or requirements, that the  President still wants to open up additional waters to drilling, despite  the fact that we haven't applied the lessons learned from Deepwater  Horizon. This is at a time when the United States has been able to find  all new reserves of oil and gas onshore. So we are not in a time of a  shortage of discovery or a shortage of oil reserves. Our domestic  energy market is being affected by the low price of natural gas, since  so much of the reserves are just tremendous here in the continental  United States.   The most visible change since the Deepwater Horizon spill is the  division of the Minerals Management Service into the Bureau of Ocean  Energy Management and the Bureau of Safety and Environmental  Enforcement. All of those changes were made as a result of trying to  improve things after the BP spill, but it doesn't seem to have made any  major improvements in oversight, according to a report issued by the  GAO last month.   So I have come to the floor to try to alert other Senators about the  importance of preserving the moratorium on drilling in the Gulf of  Mexico. It makes no sense to put Florida's multibillion-dollar,  tourism-driven economy at risk.   And there is something else at risk.   The Department of Defense has stated numerous times--I have two  letters from two Republican Secretaries of Defense that say it--that  drilling and oil-related activities are incompatible with our military  training and weapons testing. That is the area known as the gulf  training range. It is in the Gulf of Mexico off of Florida. It is the  largest testing and training range for the United States military in  the world.   Now, in that gulf training range is where the pilots of the F-22 are  trained. That is at Tyndall Air Force Base. It is where the new F-35  pilots are trained, by the way, not only for the United States but also  for the many foreign nations that have bought F-35s. Of course, that is  essential to our national security.   That is just pilot training. That doesn't speak of the testing done  on some of our most sophisticated weapons over hundreds and hundreds of  miles of restricted airspace.  [[Page S2546]]    Oh, by the way, when the U.S. Navy Atlantic Fleet shut down our  training in Puerto Rico and the island of Vieques, where do you think a  lot of that training came to? The Navy still has to train. So they will  send their squadrons down to Key West Naval Air Station at Boca Chica  Key. When those pilots and their F-18 Hornets lift off the runway,  within 2 minutes they are out over the Gulf of Mexico in restricted  airspace. So they don't spend a lot of fuel and a lot of time to get  there.   That is why a lot of our colleagues across the State of Florida on  the other side of the aisle--in other words, this is bipartisan--have  weighed in with this administration, urging continued protection for  the largest military testing and training area in the world.   Opposition to drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico is bipartisan,  bicameral--the Senate and House--but so is our opposition to drilling  off the Atlantic coast.   Now, let me just distinguish between the two. Years ago, my then- Republican colleague Senator Mel Martinez and I both offered in law an  exemption until the year 2022 of any oil drilling off of the coast of  Florida. It is actually everything east of what is called the Military  Mission Line. It is virtually the Gulf of Mexico off of Florida. Of  course we did that for the reasons that I have already stated. That is  in law up until 2022. But the administration will be coming forth with  another plan for the 5-year period for oil drilling offshore for the  years 2023 up through 2028.   It is my hope that the words of this Senator and the words of our  bipartisan colleagues from the Florida delegation will convince the  administration that it is not wise to impede the military's necessary  training and testing area, not even to speak of the tremendous economic  deprivation that will come as a result of an oilspill.   Just think back to the BP spill. Think back to the time when the  beaches, the sugary-white sands of Pensacola Beach, were completely  covered with oil. That picture--a very notable picture, a contrast of  the black oil on top of the white sand--went around the world.    The winds started blowing the oil from the BP spill off the coast of  Louisiana. The winds continued to blow it to the east, and so some of  the oil got into Pensacola Bay, some of the oil started getting into  Choctawhatchee Bay, and some oil got on the beautiful beaches of Destin  and Fort Walton Beach. The winds took it as far east as the Panama City  beaches. There they received basically tar balls on the beach. Then the  winds reversed and started taking it back to the west, so none of the  other beaches all the way down the coast of Florida--Clearwater, St.  Petersburg, on down to the beaches off of Bradenton, Sarasota, Fort  Myers, Naples, and all the way down to Marco Island--none of those  beaches received the oil because the wind didn't keep blowing it that  way. But the entire west coast of Florida lost an entire tourist season  because our guests, our visitors, the tourists, didn't come because  they had seen those pictures and they thought that oil was on all of  our beaches.   Let me tell you how risky that was. In the Gulf of Mexico, there is  something known as the Loop Current. It comes through the separation of  the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico and the western end of Cuba and goes up  into the gulf, and then it loops and comes south in the gulf. It hugs  the Florida Keys and becomes the Gulf Stream that hugs the east coast  of Florida. And about midway down the peninsula, it starts to leave the  coast, follows and parallels the east coast of the United States, and  eventually goes to Northern Europe. That is the Gulf Stream.   Had that oilspill been blown south from Louisiana and had the Loop  Current come enough north, that oilspill would have gotten in the Loop  Current, and it would have taken it down past the very fragile coral  reefs of the Florida Keys and right up the beaches of Southeast  Florida, where there is a huge tourism business.   By the way, the Gulf Stream hugs the coast in some cases only a mile  off of the beach.   That is the hard economic reality of what could happen to Florida's  tourism industry, not only on the west coast, as it already did in that  season of the BP oilspill, but what could happen on the east coast of  Florida too.   Opposition to drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico is certainly  bipartisan, but so is the opposition to drilling off the Atlantic  coast. In the last Congress, Members from both parties joined together  to file a House companion to the legislation this Senator had filed  that would prohibit seismic testing in the Atlantic off of Florida. The  type of seismic airgun testing companies wanted to use to search for  oil and gas would threaten thousands of marine mammals and fish,  including endangered species such as the North American right whale.  The blast from seismic airguns can cause permanent hearing loss for  whales and dolphins, which disrupts their feeding, calving, and  breeding.   In addition to the environmental damage those surveys would cause,  businesses up and down the Atlantic coast would also suffer from  drilling activity. Over 35,000 businesses and over 500,000 commercial  fishing families have registered their opposition to offshore drilling  in the Atlantic. From fishermen, to hotel owners, to restaurateurs,  coastal residents and business owners understand it is too dangerous to  risk the environment and the economy on which they depend.   There is one unique industry that opposes drilling off the Florida  east coast. We made the case way back in the 1980s when Secretary of  the Interior James Watt decided he was going to drill from Cape  Hatteras, NC, all the way south to Fort Pierce, FL. This Senator was a  young Congressman then and took this case on and finally convinced the  Appropriations Committee not to include any funds for the execution and  offering of those leases. It was a simple fact that that was where we  were launching our space shuttle then, as well as our military rockets  from Cape Canaveral, and you simply can't have oil rigs out there and  be dropping the first stages and the solid rocket boosters from the  space shuttle.   As we know, the Cape has come alive with activity--a lot of  commercial rocketry, as well as the mainstays for our military space  program. In a year and a half, NASA will launch the largest rocket  ever, one-third more powerful than the Saturn V, which was the rocket  that took us to the Moon, and that is the beginning of the Mars  program, as we are going to Mars with humans. Because of that space  industry--whether it is commercial or whether it is civilian NASA or  whether it is military--you simply can't have oil rigs out there in the  Atlantic where we are dropping the first stages of those rockets. That  is common sense.   When President Obama took the Atlantic coast off the table from 2017  to 2022--that 5-year period planning in the offshore drilling plan-- Floridians finally breathed a deep sigh of relief. They sighed happily  too. If President Trump intends to open up those areas to drilling, his  administration will receive and can expect to receive a flood of  opposition from the folks who know what is going to happen.   It is this week--and here we are midweek--that we are expecting the  Trump administration to move forward with an Executive order that would  ignore the wishes of coastal communities. I want to say that the areas  off of Florida in the east coast of the Atlantic are very sensitive, as  I have just outlined, but there is nothing to say that if you have a  spill off of Georgia or South Carolina, that it can't move south, and  that starts the problem all over.   This announcement by the President will be like a big present for the  oil companies, which, by the way, in areas in the Gulf of Mexico that  are rich with oil--and there are, in fact, active leases that are not  producing the oil. Why would they want to grant more leases in areas  that are important to preserve the Nation's economy as well as our  military preparedness?   I hope the President thinks twice before putting Florida's economy at  such a risk. I hope he refrains from issuing this Executive order, but  if he doesn't, this Senator and a bipartisan delegation from Florida  will fight this order.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  [[Page S2547]]        