 Mr. Speaker, there have been 914 cases of non-self- defense killings by private citizens holding permits to carry concealed  loaded handguns in the last 10 years, which translates into 1,119  Americans dead by homicide, mass shooting, suicide, and murder of  police officers under concealed carry permit laws in the States.   In Florida, for example--I saw my friend, Mr. Rutherford, up there-- in August, concealed handgun permit holder, Everett Miller, shot and  killed two Kissimmee, Florida, police officers.   Now, if you want to give everybody the right to a concealed carry  permit in your States, fine. But don't impose that on the people of  Maryland. We have got our own laws, thank you. Since January, we have  had 397 gun massacres in America defined as a slaying of four people or  more. Two of them--Las Vegas, which left 58 people dead, and Sutherland  Springs, which left 26 people dead--are among the 10 worst massacres in  American history by gun.   The American people want to end this reign of terror. But what do our  friends do on the other side? Do they bring us the universal criminal  background check legislation favored by more than 90 percent of the  American people of every political party to plug the gun show loophole,  the internet loophole, and the 7-Eleven parking lot loophole? No.   Do they bring to the floor the bill to criminalize bump stocks which  they promised to us? No. No such luck. Instead, they bring forward a  bill that would wipe out the vast majority of concealed carry laws in  the United States of America, trampling States' rights and wrecking all  of the painstaking work of legislatures all over the land dragging this  down to the most lax and permissive State laws in the country. It is  not a race to the bottom, it is a plunge to the bottom they have  engineered here.   This fraudulently named bill has nothing to do with reciprocity  because States already have the power to negotiate reciprocity  agreements, and 22 of them have it.   Your bill destroys reciprocity. Your bill brings us down to the level  of the lowest, most permissive laws in the country. My State doesn't  give concealed carry permits to domestic abusers, to violent offenders,  and to dangerously unstable people. Don't drag us down to the lowest  level. Protect States' rights.   