 Mr. Chairman, Republicans have chosen to lavish huge tax  breaks on large multinationals and the top wealthiest few in our  country instead of growing our economy by investing in all Americans.  Investing in our workforce, in our physical infrastructure, in  entrepreneurship, that is the way to really grow the economy; not these  retread Republican tax policies that offer all the benefits to the top  and hope something will eventually trickle down to everyone else, that  only grow the national debt, as has been shown time and time again.   Our Republicans today call their budget a vision for our country, and  what a grim vision it is for anyone who does not count themselves among  the top 1 percent. Republicans would only widen income inequality with  massive tax breaks for the few, while slashing trillions from  initiatives that give more Americans the chance to get ahead, while, at  the same time, strengthening our overall economic future.   For seniors, this is a budget that breaks Trump's promise not to cut  Medicare to the tune of about half a trillion dollars in cuts, and it  would slash an additional $1 trillion for Medicaid, upon which so many  seniors rely.   For students and families that are struggling to get a college  education, the ticket into the middle class, and into economic  competitiveness, this budget will make it harder to climb the economic  ladder with major cuts to Pell grants and other student assistance  programs, and it will limit our investment in education and job  training for American workers that are already out there trying to  upgrade their skills.   What does the Republican budget do with all the money they save from  cutting the middle class and working people, seniors, and those who are  trying to get ahead? Well, it stuffs the pockets of those at the top  and the large multinationals.   What President Trump and his Republican cohorts say their plan is, it  isn't. You know, only last week, Trump said this about his tax plan:  ``I don't benefit. I don't benefit. In fact, very, very strongly, as  you see, I think there is very little benefit for people of wealth.''   Well, the analysis of the one tax return that leaked out suggests  that President Trump will benefit to the tune of more than $1 billion.  Eighty percent of the tax breaks in this proposal go to the top 1  percent. That is people who are making more than $730,000 a year while  one in four Americans could actually see a tax increase.   That is why you can understand that they say they can't guarantee  that taxes won't go up for many people in the middle class. And  overall, this is a budget that is dripping in red ink.   The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Chairman, we begin to understand why Trump calls  himself ``the king of debt,'' because there is plenty of debt that will  be added onto this plan.   For Trump and his cohorts, fiscal responsibility is just a political  slogan that they use to undermine those education and social service  programs they were never for in the first place.   The Republican budget is not just numbers. It has a real human cost.  By slashing investments in our economic future, it is a recipe for  weakness, not strength. I urge my colleagues to side with the middle  class, with working folks all over America, and reject this budget.   