 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I wish what the gentleman from California was saying was right, but  as I listen to these tax cuts that are being talked about, many of  these fine programs that help individuals from being thrown out of  their house or in need of illegal aid are being cut back.   Each time I have seen on the floor the priorities of the party of the  gentleman from California, I see that these essential, consumer- oriented not-for-profits are losing their funding.   So I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 732.  This bill would tie the hands of prosecutors that go after financial  fraud, including the mortgage schemes that led to the 2008 crisis.   Apparently, my Republican colleagues have forgotten that not just  Democrats, but all Americans, faced the negative effects of the  mortgage fraud that led to the worst financial crisis since the Great  Depression.   Americans lost nearly $13 trillion in wealth, the unemployment rate  reached a high of 10 percent, and 11 million Americans lost their  homes. We all saw business opportunities evaporate in our communities  and good-paying jobs wither away.   To reverse these wrongs, the Obama administration reached record  settlements with firms that engaged in fraud. Through these settlement  agreements, the Department of Justice directed billions of dollars  toward: number one, affordable housing initiatives, including  downpayment programs that would help young people enter the housing  market; number two, financial counseling programs that would help  consumers avoid unsafe financial products; and number three, community  development initiatives that would spur economic growth in rural and  urban communities alike.   So I am baffled that my colleagues would want to prevent our  prosecutors from ensuring fraudulent firms to right their wrongs.   The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.    This should not be a partisan issue, Mr. Chairman; not at  all. Americans from the East, from the West, from the North, from the  South, from middle America; Americans who are Democrats, Republicans,  and Independents have all suffered as a result of what the Justice  Department has done by fighting to make sure that we correct this wrong  by fighting and winning decisions on making sure that those who have no  voice, have a voice.   Many of the individuals who were funded here were giving a voice to  the voiceless. Without that voice, those who have will continue to do  and perpetuate the fraud that is committed upon many.   So this should not be a red issue; this should not be a blue issue.  Just as former President Barack Obama said, this should be a red,  white, and blue issue. It is a red, white, and blue issue where justice  should be given a fair chance to prevail for all of America's people.   