 Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague  for yielding.   I, too, rise today in strong support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable  Unborn Child Protection Act. This bill would prohibit any elective  abortion attempt of an unborn child who is 20 weeks or older, the age  at which research shows children are able to feel pain.   I think it is worth noting that this landmark legislation is  projected to save between 12,000 and 18,000 lives each year. These are  individuals who will become fathers, mothers, technological innovators,  servicemembers, and hardworking contributors to our great Nation   Ten years ago, studies began to emerge proving that an unborn child  is able to feel pain as early as 20 weeks post-fertilization. So as our  Nation's understanding of fetal pain has become more advanced,  protections for pain-capable unborn children have been signed into law  in 20 States, including my home State of Indiana.   But that is not enough. Despite claims from many pro-abortion groups,  late-term abortion is neither safe or, unfortunately, rare. As recently  as 2014, it was estimated that 430 abortion facilities in the United  States were willing to perform abortions on unborn children 20 weeks or  older.   This sort of late-term abortion--at the point when the child can  actually feel the procedure--will continue to happen without a Federal  prohibition. Sixty percent of women, 56 percent of Independents, and 46  percent of Democrats support this sort of legislation. It has broad  public support.   Let's ensure that all 50 States have protections for vulnerable pain- capable unborn children. I have advocated for these protections my  entire career, from the State house in Indiana to here in the United  States Congress.   That is why today I express my strong support for the passage of H.R.  36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, introduced by my  distinguished colleague, Congressman Trent Franks of Arizona. I urge my  colleagues tomorrow as well to support this important legislation.   