 I thank Chairman Walker for organizing the time tonight,  and I congratulate the gentleman on leading this organization. I look  forward to working with him.   Mr. Speaker, we could all stand up here and take the barbs that have  been leveled by some as to how we don't care about people or how we are  this or that or how we are just focused on the numbers. Nothing could  be further from the truth. We could sit idly by and watch this  terrible, insidious law continue to implode, to continue to hurt more  and more Americans--insidious because it is built on lies, like you can  keep your doctor if you want to, like you can keep your health plan if  you want to--not true in any case. Instead, we are here tonight,  talking with the American people about ``what could be'' when we first  get rid of this terrible law--something that many of us have voted on  60 times or more to do. We now have a real opportunity with not only a  Republican House, but a Republican Senate, and with a President who is  willing to work with us.   The verdict is in. In Indiana alone and in my district, I have met  person after person who has horror stories about the failure of  ObamaCare.   I spoke with Anna, whose husband, Jack, survived stage IV cancer.  With Jack's cancer only having a 30 percent survival rate, it is  crucial that he has effective doctors who know how to treat and how to  work the problem. Instead, Anna's doctor quit practicing medicine--well  before his planned retirement age--due to the burdensome costs of  ObamaCare, which is something that the gentleman from Georgia also  mentioned.   It is not just doctors who are unable to perform their duties--their  profession--under this insidious law, but also insurance companies that  are withdrawing from the market as we speak. Last year alone, we saw  Indiana's exchange lose 50 percent of its health insurance carriers due  to regulations of ObamaCare. This included IU Health, which covered  almost 30,000 Hoosiers. This lack of options means that healthy  Hoosiers are being forced to pay for coverage that they don't want,  that they don't need, and that, in fact, may do more harm than good.   I spoke with Mark from Tippecanoe County, in my district, who talked  about the harmful impact of ObamaCare. He stated that he was forced to  buy insurance with only four doctors listed as providers for the entire  county. What good does this insurance do Mark or the rest of us if he  can't even use it and schedule an appointment?   I am very proud to have worked on this Republican Study Committee  with the Health Care Task Force, led by my good friend, Dr. Phil Roe of  Tennessee. Over a period of a year or so, we have  [[Page H378]]  put together a plan that is a very real, patient-centered, consumer- focused, free market-driven replacement for ObamaCare, but with one big  difference--our plan would work because it harnesses the value that we  all have innately as Americans and, really, as humans, which is the  ability to value price once we have the information.   If I left this Chamber and, God forbid, I broke my leg on my way down  the steps, I wouldn't worry too much about where I was going--just to  the nearest emergency room. But that is not most of our healthcare  transactions; that is not most of our healthcare decisions. Most of our  healthcare decisions can be made by attaching value to the services and  products that we want. We do it in every other part of our consumer- driven life. Why can't we finally do it with health care? That is what  people like Dr. Phil Roe have practiced in medicine their entire lives.  That is what he has taught me. That is what we know as American  consumers. Why can't we be trusted to do that with our health care?   Whether the intent is malicious, whether the intent is malign, the  intent of the people who support ObamaCare--that insidious law--is  wrong. It says: just give your life over to these few people, and let  them run it for a while, and everything will be fine. Unfortunately,  throughout not only American history, every time it has been tried here  and every time it has been tried in world history, it has failed.  Control over the individual has failed, and it will do the same, as we  are seeing every day now, with regard to our health care.   Let's repeal this insidious law, and let's get back on the track of  replacing it with something that we all can trust, beginning with  ourselves.   I thank the chairman for his leadership.   