 Mr. President, all of the Florida people walk up to me  and say: Bill, what is going on? Why can't Congress get together? Why  can't we work together? We do in our committees. We usually work  together. We certainly do with Senator Thune, who is the chairman of  the Commerce Committee. This Senator is the ranking member. We get a  lot of things out. We are going to mark up the FAA bill tomorrow. There  are a lot of controversial issues. We are going to get that out. Why  can't we do it with healthcare?   So, last night, I had a telephone townhall meeting in my State of  Florida and 6,000 people joined. They asked questions for an hour.  Often, they would get through asking their question and they would say:  I wish you guys could work together. So that is what we have been  hearing in all of these speeches.   Well, let me give one suggestion that would lower premiums in the  existing law, the Affordable Care Act, 13 percent. I had it costed out  in Florida. Every now and then, you are going to have a catastrophic  loss. It is kind of like when I was the elected insurance commissioner  of Florida, and I inherited the mess after the monster hurricane.  Hurricane Andrew was such a monster hurricane that it took down a  number of insurance companies because the losses were so big. So we had  to try to get insurance companies to come back into Florida. We created  a reinsurance fund. We called it the Florida Hurricane Catastrophic  Fund, which would reinsure, or insure, the insurance companies against  catastrophic loss.   That is what we can do right here. We could be like my poor  constituent, Megan, who fought cancer for 2 years, with two  transplants, and ultimately lost the battle, but the bill was $8  million. That is hard for any insurance company to swallow, but those  are going to be limited, isolated cases.   Why don't we create a reinsurance fund for the marketplace in the  Affordable Care Act to help the insurance companies with catastrophic  loss? I asked: If we did that in Florida, with the Florida marketplace,  what would it mean? It would reduce the insurance premiums under the  marketplace in Florida by 13 percent. That is just one suggestion.   Every one of us has a suggestion. Put all of these suggestions  together, and we are talking about really fixing the current law,  instead of this roadway we see our friends on the other side of the  aisle going down--a solution that is going to take coverage away from  22 million people and is going to cut $800 billion out of Medicaid and  eviscerate Medicaid or that is going to charge older Americans over  younger Americans five times as much as the younger. We don't have to  do that. Let's come up with a creative idea to fix the existing law.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   