 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my resolution, H. Res. 407,  condemning the persecution of Christians around the world.   The persecution of Christians is a global human rights problem that  Congress needs to address. According to Open Doors' 2017 World Watch  List, approximately 1 in 12 Christians around the world is experiencing  persecution for their faith.   North Korea, which is one of the world's most repressive regimes, is  a serious violator of international religious Christian rights, which  is not surprising, given it is a communist country. Communist countries  throughout history have done what they can to suppress and destroy  Christians.   Human rights groups have reported that members of underground  churches in North Korea have been arrested, beaten, tortured, or  killed.   In another communist country, China, religious groups, including  Christians, are required to register with the government. Those that do  not face imprisonment and torture.   In 2016, 232 Protestants were imprisoned for their religious  activities. As part of the country's anti-cross campaign, some 2,000  crosses and buildings have been demolished since 2014, according to  State Department estimates.   In the Middle East, the Islamic State and other jihadist militant  groups have forced Christians in Iraq, Syria, Libya, and other  countries in the region to flee or risk enslavement, execution, or  death. Since the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003, the number of  Christians in Iraq has plunged from 1.5 million to just a couple  hundred thousand.   In Libya, ISIS and other extremist groups have gained a stronghold in  the country since the fall of Qadhafi.  [[Page H9823]]    I reluctantly have to point out that the Christian persecution going  on in Libya and Iraq has happened after the United States decided to  get involved in these countries, so we have a special responsibility to  look out for the Christians there.   In Egypt, ISIS claimed responsibility for killing over 70 Coptic  Christians earlier this year.   The persecution of Christians in the Middle East doesn't end with  terrorists. It is institutional, as well.   Pakistan has some of the most extreme blasphemy laws in the world. In  June of 2016, two Christians received death sentences for blasphemy  convictions.   In Iran, approximately 200 Christians were arrested last year. At  least 90 remain in illegal detention.   Acts of persecution against Christians across the globe is a  violation of international law, which is why Congress must act.   Sadly, in our own country, the United States, sometimes Christians  can be forced to participate in ceremonies with which they don't agree.  It is kind of hard to believe that this is going on in the United  States of America.   H. Res. 407 will condemn the persecution of Christians around the  world. It calls for all discriminatory countries and groups to cease  their persecution of religious minorities and urge world leaders to  uphold the universal human right to religious freedom.   I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan  resolution.   