 Mr. President, a tragedy took place in Las Vegas this  week. It is a tragedy that has affected hundreds of families. It is a  tragedy in which each and every one of us sends our prayers to those  who have lost loved ones. And to those who have family members who are  now hospitalized, we send our prayers to you as well, with the great  hope that a full recovery is in their future.  [[Page S6274]]    This was an unimaginable event that occurred in our country. It is  now time for us to talk about this issue. There are many people who say  this is not the time to talk about it, but the truth is, the only thing  the National Rifle Association wants more than to sell lots of gun  silencers is to put a silencer on the debate about gun safety  legislation. The only thing the NRA wants more than allowing nationwide  concealed carry laws is to conceal the overwhelming support for  background checks. The only thing the NRA wants more than to stifle  smart gun technology is to stifle debate on gun violence prevention.   So to anyone who says having this debate now is too soon, it is  already too late for at least 59 people in Las Vegas and hundreds of  others who were wounded. We should not wait another day.   We need to pass commonsense gun safety legislation so that we can  hold a moment of silence for the National Rifle Association's  stranglehold on American politics. That is what must end in our  country.   We need a debate on this floor on background checks. We need a debate  in this Chamber on whether we are going to do research on the  relationship between guns and violence in our society. We don't need to  debate the issue of bringing silencers into our society that can be  attached to guns and that would have made it infinitely more difficult  for the police to find where the shooter was or for people to know that  they needed to hide or move to a more secure location. That would not  have happened. We would not have had 59 deaths; we could have had 259  deaths, 559 deaths, or 959 deaths because a silencer would have given  less notice to all of those people that they should be moving and  hiding and protecting themselves and their loved ones.   On concealed carry, the Republicans are moving a bill that allows for  someone to conceal a gun under a law in one State--because that State  allows you to conceal a gun, you would be able to move into any other  State and continue to conceal a gun even though that State's laws  prohibit concealing guns. They want that law to move through.   So when the Republicans talk about debating gun control, what they  are talking about is lessening the safety around these guns, lowering  the standards that would protect people, and allowing for silencers to  now be proliferating on these assault weapons, these weapons of war  that should not be on the streets of our country and that have the  capacity to kill people without people hearing them.   They say they are needed because we need to protect people's hearing  when they are firing assault weapons. Well, it is more important that  the police hear the bullets and that the people who might be hit hear  the sound of those bullets as they are leaving the gun. That is going  to provide far more protection. It is far more important that the  police in a State or in a city know that someone has a concealed  weapon. It is critically important for police protection. But the  National Rifle Association does not want those kinds of protections to  remain on the books. That is who they are. That is what they want.   What should we be debating? We should be debating background checks.  We should be debating whether someone should be able to buy a gun on  Instagram and turn it into an ``insta-gun'' without background checks.  That is what we should be talking about out here.   Over 90 percent of Americans want stronger background checks. Yet the  Republican leadership turns a deaf ear to the request of the American  people because the National Rifle Association does not want there to be  background checks on people who are buying guns in our country.   More Americans have died from gun violence in the past 50 years on  the streets of America than have died in all of our Nation's wars  overseas in our entire history. Let me say that again. More people have  died from guns in our own country in the last 50 years than all of our  soldiers, sailors, Air Force, and marines have died going all the way  back to 1776. That is how much of an epidemic this is in our country.  It is an epidemic that now kills 33,000 people every single year in our  country, but the Federal Government's investment in researching gun  violence is zero.   Diabetes--76,000 U.S. deaths annually; they get $170 million at the  Centers for Disease Control. Flu--57,000 deaths a year; they get $187  million for research. Asthma--3,600 deaths a year; they get $29 million  for research at the Centers for Disease Control. Gun violence--zero. An  epidemic is ravaging our country, and the Republicans will not fund  research to find this link between violence and the use of guns in our  society, to do the research that can help us to reduce this carnage on  the streets of our country. And because of an appropriations rider from  the 1990s, the Centers for Disease Control hasn't conducted research  into the causes of gun violence and how to prevent it. If 20 young  children in Newtown had died of Ebola, we would have invested funding  to study it. If 59 people in Las Vegas died of Zika, would we study it?  Absolutely. But our country is suffering from an illness, and we have  let it spread because we refuse to write a treatment plan.   The American Medical Association supports ending the ban on research.  The American Public Health Association supports ending the ban on  research. More than 141 groups want to end this ban on researching the  link between guns and violence in our society.   The bill I have introduced with Representative Maloney gives $10  million to the Centers for Disease Control every single year. Shouldn't  we be studying how to stop people from firing guns and give the  medical, the scientific, and the public health community the resources  they need?   We also need to develop new smart gun technologies that would improve  safety and reduce accidental shootings. My bill would authorize grants  to develop and personalize handgun technology to increase efficiency  and decrease costs. If you can use a fingerprint to operate your  iPhone, you should be able to do the same thing with your gun to make  sure that safety is ensured, to make sure it is your thumbprint on that  gun, that if your gun is stolen or lost, no one else would be able to  use that gun. Does that make sense? Well, your thumb can work for your  smartphone. Your thumb could also work for smart gun technology.   So this is where we are. We are at this critical point where some  people are saying: Not now. It is inappropriate. We shouldn't be  raising these issues.   But what we should be debating is what the American people want us to  debate. Over 90 percent want background checks on anyone who buys a gun  in our country to make sure they are qualified, to make sure they do  not have something in their background that should disqualify them from  owning a gun in our country.   Our debate here should really be about one thing: making the NRA  stand for ``not relevant anymore'' in American politics. The task for  the Republican Party is different. It will be whether they will kill  these bills that would legalize more fully silencers being put on  automatic weapons in our country, kill the concealed carry law, which  is moving through the House and Senate driven by Republicans, and,  instead, debate the kinds of things that make our country safer, the  kinds of things that poll after poll is showing that the American  people want us to do. That is going to be our challenge in the days and  weeks and months ahead.   This is the time; this is the place. We are the people who must be  conducting this debate to make sure we add an extra measure of safety  that American families can rely upon.   I yield back the remainder of my time.   