 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague Senator  Whitehouse for his kind words.   I come to the floor to join in with a dozen or more of my colleagues  who were here earlier to talk about the situation we now face. Senator  Whitehouse is correct--this is an issue that is very personal to me. It  is one that dates back to the year 2001, 16 years ago. It was a time  when we received a call in my office in the city of Chicago, and the  person on the other end was with a program called the Merit music  program. She said: I have a problem with one of my students, and I need  your help.    The Merit music program is a special opportunity for young people in  Chicago's public schools, particularly from low-income families, to be  trained on a musical instrument, free of charge, and some amazing  things happen. Every student who is part of the Merit music program  goes to college--every single one of them. They learn self-esteem, they  learn a musical instrument, and it shows. Their lives are transformed.   She told us the story of one of these students. Her name is Tereza  Lee. Tereza Lee was born in Korea and brought to the United States by  her mom and dad when she was 2 years old. They came through Brazil  before they came to Chicago, but they settled in Chicago. Her mom and  dad raised her and her brother and sister. They were not well-off at  all. In fact, they were poor.   Mom worked in a dry cleaner establishment, which is fairly common in  Chicago; Korean Americans probably work there more than any other  group. Her father was an aspiring preacher who wanted to open a church  for the Korean population, but it never seemed to materialize. Mom  worked extra hard, and the kids went to public schools.   At age 12, Tereza Lee heard about the Merit music program, signed up  for it, went in, and fell in love with playing the piano. She turned  out to be a prodigy. She was extraordinary.   By the time she was ready to graduate from high school, they said:  You have to apply to a music school.   Well, she wasn't sure. Nobody she knew had gone to college. But she  started to fill out the application and ran into the question about her  Social Security number. She turned to her mother and said: What am I  supposed to do about this?   Her mother said: I don't know. After we brought you to the United  States at the age of 2, we didn't file any papers.   What could they do? They reached out to the Merit music program, and  the Merit music program said: Let's call Durbin's office.   They called my office and contacted my caseworker, whose name is  Clarisol Duque. She is now my chief of staff, but back then she was a  caseworker. She looked up the law. She called the INS, and they said:  The law is very clear. Tereza Lee from Korea is undocumented. She is in  the United States. Although she is now 17 or 18 years old, she never  filed the appropriate papers, and under the laws of the United States  of America, the recourse is for her to return to the last country she  was in--Brazil--to wait 10 years, and apply to come back to the United  States--10 years.   I thought to myself, and so did my caseworker: Why would you do this  to this young girl? She did nothing wrong. In fact, she is a pretty  amazing story of success from a poor family.   I sat down and said: Let's write a law to deal with it, and we wrote  the DREAM Act. My original cosponsor of the DREAM Act was Orrin Hatch  of Utah. This goes back, as I said, 16 years ago, so when I stand here  today and talk about this issue, it is an issue I have come to know in  a lot of different ways. Most importantly, I have come to know the  young people whose lives have been affected by our laws as they  currently exist.   Over the years, an interesting thing has happened. After I wrote the  DREAM Act and would go around Chicago and tell the story of this new  bill that I had just introduced, there would be a lot of young people,  mainly Hispanic youngsters, who would listen to me and not react very  much at all. Then, many times, I would go out to my car to go back home  at the end of the night, and in the darkness, standing by my car, would  be one or two young people. They would look in both directions to make  sure no one could hear them, and they would whisper to me: Senator, I  am a Dreamer.   These were undocumented children--teenagers, adolescents--who had  been taught early in life to be extremely careful: Never, ever admit  that you are undocumented; never, ever get involved with the law  because you could be deported tomorrow morning, and your family might  be deported with you. So they grew up in fear--fear of what might  happen with a knock on the door.   So now comes this politician, this Senator, who says: I am going to  change the law. I am going to make it right for you.   Well, many of their parents were skeptical. They didn't believe it.  Politicians say a lot of things. But these young people did something  very interesting. Their approach to this evolved from standing in the  darkness and whispering ``I am a Dreamer,'' listening to their parents  tell them ``Don't say out loud that you are undocumented''; they, of  course, did exactly what their parents didn't want them to do. They  started standing up and saying publicly: I am a Dreamer. I want to tell  you who I am and my story.   They wore T-shirts and buttons, and they rallied, and there was no  question that they were going to come and tell their stories. As they  told their stories to me, I decided the best thing I could do was to  tell their stories on the floor of the U.S. Senate. So I started  telling them. With their permission and a color photograph, I would  tell the stories of these young people. Each one of them, standing at  this desk and other places in the Chamber, usually captured the  attention of the people who would gather because each one of these  stories was so compelling. They were compelling stories because here  were young people who had all the odds against them.   I remember when I was a teenager, in my insecurity, wondering what I  would ever do and afraid of doing the wrong thing. Then I think of  these young people, who have the decks stacked against them. They have  been told they are not legal in this country, and there are people who  would like to see them gone tomorrow. Yet these young people started  emerging and telling the stories, and I started repeating them. Then  some amazing stories started emerging about what they were doing with  their lives.   You see, if you are undocumented in this country, you don't qualify  for a lot of things most Americans take for granted--Pell grants to go  to college. Students from low-income families receive up to $5,000 or  more a year to go to college. Undocumented students, Dreamers, receive  nothing--nothing--from the Federal Government.   The same thing is true about student loans. For the most part, unless  there is a State program, these undocumented students can't qualify for  any government student loans. They have to find some other way. They  usually have to work their way through college--or whatever their  aspirations might be.   Over the years, this bill was heard before committees and was voted  on from time to time in the House and in the Senate. Unfortunately, we  never could quite find that moment when the bill could pass the Senate  and the House in the same year and the same session. It never came  together. There was a time when we passed it with a majority vote in  the Senate, but under our rules we needed 60 votes. So we fell just  short of being able to move the bill forward.   Along the way, I had a colleague in the U.S. Senate named Barack  Obama, my junior Senator. He was a cosponsor of my DREAM Act. Of  course, he went on to bigger and better things and became the President  of the United States. I am very proud of him for his achievement. But I  didn't waste any time after he was elected President calling him and  saying: Help me. We have to do something to help these young people.   I wrote him a letter, cosigned by Republican Senator Dick Lugar of  Indiana, asking him to think of a way he might be able to protect the  Dreamers from being deported until we passed the law. I didn't get a  response.  [[Page S4996]]    A year passed--a year. I sent a second letter, this time with 23  Senators signing it, urging President Obama to do something, and he  did. He created the DACA program.   The DACA Program was basically an opportunity for young people to  come forward, to register with the government, pay a filing fee, submit  to a criminal background check, and then see if they qualified for a 2- year protection from deportation and a 2-year opportunity to legally  work in the United States.   Well, I was just reminded: August 15, 2012, was the first day to sign  up. I joined with my friend and colleague, Congressman Luis Gutierrez,  of Chicago. We decided we would create a sign-up, an opportunity at  Navy Pier, a historic place in the city, and invite young people who  qualified for DACA--Dreamers--to come in and sign up. We got volunteer  immigration lawyers who wouldn't charge these young people anything,  and we sent out the notices to every group we could think of: Come on  in if you are eligible to sign up for DACA.   Congressman Gutierrez and I didn't know how many would show up. We  were afraid it might be 200 or 300 people, and we didn't know if we  could handle any more than that with the volunteer attorneys we had.   Then something happened. It was amazing. At midnight, the night  before, they started queueing up outside of Navy Pier, families--mom,  dad, and that young son or daughter who qualified for DACA--and they  waited in the dark all night for the chance to sign up. When it was  over, it wasn't hundreds, but thousands--thousands--who came to Navy  Pier. We couldn't handle them. We had to set up workshops all over the  city afterward to give them their chance to sign up.   It was a big risk for them. This was the first time in their lives  they were going to trust the Government of the United States with  information that they had carefully kept personal, confidential, and  secret. They were going to trust this government by signing up for a  program because the President of the United States had said: It will  protect you. They had the $500 or $600 they needed for the filing fee.  They were prepared for all the background checks. At the end of the  day, after 5 or 6 years of DACA, 780,000 young people have signed up  for this protection.   What has happened to these young people is nothing short of amazing.  I could go on for a long time about the success stories of the DACA  recipients once they got that protection, once they could work.   I love to tell the story about Loyola University Chicago Stritch  School of Medicine. That school decided they were going to open up  competition for their medical school to DACA-protected young people-- not a special spot for them or a set-aside of quotas or numbers. No,  they had to compete with everyone else. But that medical school said:  These young people now deserve a chance.   As a result of that decision, there are 28 medical students at Loyola  Stritch School of Medicine in Chicago, and they are there because there  was no place else that would accept them. This college of medicine  said: If you are DACA protected, we will let you compete to come to our  school.   The word spread around the country like lightning. Some of the best  and brightest young people finally got their chance, and they were  accepted to this medical school. They are impressive.   Remember what I said: They don't qualify for government loans.  Medical school is expensive. My State, under Governor Patrick Quinn and  now continued under Governor Bruce Rauner, a Democrat and Republican,  set up a loan for them--but with a catch. Our State loans them enough  money to go to medical school at Loyola, as long as they promise to  give 1 year of medical practice for each year that we loan the money--1  year of medical practice in the inner cities in Chicago, in Waukegan,  in East St. Louis, or in rural areas where they can't find doctors, and  they anxiously do so. They anxiously do so because this is their  chance. I tell that story because it is one that is particularly  poignant.   When President Trump and Attorney General Sessions yesterday decided  to put an end to DACA, they put into question whether these young  people will ever finish medical school. You can't go to medical school  and be an intern and work if you cannot legally work in the United  States. They can legally work because of DACA. When DACA disappears,  their right to legally work disappears. Their ability to be interns and  work in the medical school disappears as well.   What is going to happen to them? Is that the end of their medical  education? Loyola stuck its neck out and gave them a chance. Filling  those slots will be impossible. Second- and third-year students--you  just can't fill those slots. It will be a real loss--a loss of great  talent and great opportunity.   When President Trump made this announcement with Attorney General  Sessions yesterday, I was really troubled. I have had only one face-to- face conversation with the President. It was his Inauguration Day. It  is no surprise that I didn't support him, but I went up and shook hands  with him, congratulated him on being elected President, and I said: I  want to thank you for the kind things you have said about Dreamers.   He looked me in the eye and he said: Don't worry about those  Dreamers. We are going to take care of the Dreamers.   I listened then and so many times afterward when he publicly said  something very similar. He said at one point: We love the Dreamers. We  are going to take care of those kids--over and over and over again. And  I was convinced--I want to be convinced--it was a genuine sentiment in  his heart that he was expressing.   He has said some harsh things when it comes to immigration. I think  they are fundamentally unfair things--calling Mexican immigrants  murderers, rapists; travel bans against people of the Muslim religion.  Those things are, in my mind, inconsistent with the values of this  country. But he said them, and many people found them appealing.   Yet he always had a special comment when it came to Dreamers and  DACA, and I thought maybe--just maybe--he is going to give them a  break.   He did until yesterday. His announcement that he is going to put an  end to DACA in 6 months--that is going to cause a lot of problems for a  lot of innocent people. The good thing that has happened--if there is  any good to come of this--is that all across America now, there is a  sensitivity, an understanding, an appreciation of who these young  people are. It is almost amazing to me that many folks can miss the  whole debate for a decade or more, but when you start talking about  removing this protection under law, people wake up, stand up, and speak  up.   In my city of Chicago, which I am honored to represent, John Rowe is  an executive. He is of the opposite political faith. I know it. I like  him. He likes me. He is retired now and a very generous man--he and his  wife--and helps a lot of young people. In Chicago, he has been the  leader in gathering over 120 Chicago business leaders who support DACA  and the DREAM Act. They are gathering thousands like them around the  United States, business leaders. If you saw the news accounts this  morning, leaders of Google and Facebook and others are coming out  against President Trump's decision to end DACA.   They are not alone. In addition to that, there is an extraordinary  outpouring of support for DACA and Dreamers from the faith community  across the United States. I am proud that the Roman Catholic cardinal  in Chicago, Blase Cupich, has been outspoken in supporting immigration  and supporting the Dreamers and those protected by DACA. It is not the  only religion where the leaders have said that. In faiths--Jewish,  Protestant, Catholic, Muslim religions--you find the support coming  forward. It is an indication to me of the growing support across  America.   When 76 percent of the American people agree on anything, we ought to  stand up and take notice. And 76 percent of the American people believe  we ought to treat these DACA-protected people and Dreamers fairly,  justly. That is what we should do.   Yesterday on the floor, I talked about Jesus Contreras. Jesus  Contreras was brought to the United States at the age of 6, and his  family settled in Houston, TX. He went to Lone Star College down there.  Again, he is undocumented, a Dreamer. He finished a course in  paramedics. He became a licensed, certified paramedic because of DACA.  He happened to be there, of  [[Page S4997]]  course, when Hurricane Harvey hit, and he worked night and day saving  lives, trying to help the victims of the hurricane.   There were thousands just like him, but the important part of this  story is that this young man is one of those undocumented folks who  really care about the people of Houston, the people of Texas, and  America. He calls this home, and he wrote me a letter and told me that.  I read it on the floor yesterday.   There are others. I want to tell you about one today. I am going to  try to pronounce her name correctly. Ximena Magana. I probably missed  that, but I am close. At 9 years of age, she came to the United States  from Mexico City. She was raised in Houston and lives there today.   In high school, Ximena served in the U.S. Army Junior Reserve Officer  Training Corps. It is better known as Junior ROTC. She was the  battalion commander of her high school Junior ROTC Program. Under her  leadership, Ximena's battalion was named the best in the Houston  Independent School District.   Ximena was the captain of her high school soccer team and a regular  volunteer at the Houston Food Bank. Currently, she is majoring in  communications at the University of Houston. She interned with U.S.  Representative Sheila Jackson Lee and Houston City Council Member  Robert Gallegos.   Due to Ximena's community service, she was asked by the mayor of  Houston to serve as the youngest member of the Mayor's Hispanic  Advisory Board. She is the first DACA recipient to serve on that board.   Last week, in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, Ximena stepped in to  help her community, just as she has always done. She volunteered at  shelters, helping people with FEMA and Red Cross applications. She was  joined by many other DACA recipients.   She wrote me a letter. She asked for only one thing--for President  Trump to come and visit Houston and meet the DACA volunteers, to meet  those heroes, to look in their eyes, to hear their stories before he  made his decision about whether they had a future in the United States.   Ximena and so many others have so much to give to this country.  Without DACA, she faces deportation. This President, who said ``We love  the Dreamers,'' with his decision yesterday, has said that we are going  to deport the Dreamers. Ending the protection of DACA will mean they  will be subject to deportation any minute of any day. They would send  her back to Mexico, where she hasn't lived since she was 9. If that  happened, would America be a stronger country or a better country? The  answer is clear.   When we introduced the Dream Act, Senator Lindsey Graham, who is my  cosponsor and a great ally and friend in this, a Republican from South  Carolina, said: ``The moment of reckoning is coming.'' That moment is  here. Republican leaders in Congress have to make a decision about  Ximena and thousands just like her. Are we going to be a fair and just  society? Are we going to give these young people a chance for a future?  Are we going to tell them ``No thanks. You are not welcome. Leave''?  One of the President's appointees to the voter fraud commission, the  secretary of state of the State of Kansas, said that this morning. He  said that after the President's decision when it comes to eliminating  DACA, it is time for them to leave this country. I think he is wrong.   These people, just like this young lady, deserve a chance to be part  of our future. How many times has she stood before that great American  flag and pledged allegiance, sang the national anthem--the only one she  really knows--and believed this was her country, her flag, her future?  And now we are going to tell her ``No thanks, Ximena. As good as you  are, as much as you have done, America doesn't need you''? I don't  think so.   As for this Senator, I am going to do everything in my power to  protect those Dreamers and give them a chance to not only live legally  in America but to become full-fledged citizens of this country.   To all of the Dreamers who are listening to this debate, don't  despair. You had the courage to come out of the shadows and to stop  whispering and to stand up and tell the world who you are. Because you  did that, we are in a stronger position today to help you realize your  dream, to become part of the future of America.   I am joined this evening by a number of visitors in my office. We  invited them to come and hear me say a few words on the floor. We  really lured them in with pizza. They had a little snack upstairs with  me, and they are listening to this speech. They are the Dreamers from  Georgetown University, my alma mater.   As we said, we learned of their stories and talked about this. I  thought it was a pretty big deal when I transferred from Saint Louis  University to come here to Georgetown as a sophomore so many years ago.  It was kind of a bold thing. I had never been to Washington. I never  visited the campus, and I came to the university. What I did was  nothing compared to what they have done. They have fought against much  greater odds. They have shown more determination and maturity than I  ever had at their age. All they are asking for is a chance to graduate  from that great university and become part of this great Nation.   Here is what we need to do. We need to make sure that we don't leave  this Senate, this House of Representatives this month or in the next  few weeks without passing the Dream Act. All I am asking for--all any  of us are asking for--bring it to the floor. Bring it to the floor for  a vote. I have confidence that we can find 60 votes in the Senate to  pass it. I think at this moment in history we can.   I open my office door and my heart to those of good faith who want to  join us in this effort from the Republican side. From the bottom of my  heart, I thank Senator Graham, Senator Flake, Senator Murkowski, and  Senator Gardner--four Republican Senators who have made this, thank  goodness, a bipartisan effort in the Senate. We need to do the same  thing in the House of Representatives. We need to say once and for all:  Your dream of becoming part of the future of America is going to be a  reality because we are going to step up today, some day soon, and make  it a reality.   Finally, I ask the President of the United States--as disappointed as  I was by your announcement yesterday, as disappointed as I was after  believing that perhaps it might end differently, we still need your  help, Mr. President. If you truly do love these Dreamers, if you do  believe these young people deserve a chance, we need you to step up and  speak up and join us. Let us pass this measure on a bipartisan basis.  Join us in passing this measure. Whatever you are thinking about DACA,  whether it was constitutional or illegal, let's put that behind us.  Let's pass a real law, and let's have a signing ceremony that says on a  bipartisan basis we are going to give these young people across America  their day of justice, their day of opportunity, their chance to make  this an even greater nation.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   