 Madam President, I thank the Senator from Texas for his  comments about the Senator from Alabama. Senator Sessions has been an  outstanding Senator. He came to the Senate at the same time I did. He  has served for 20 years. That is a lot of votes that a person can pick  apart, if they want to. But here is how it came out. I don't think we  have emphasized enough that Senator Sessions didn't have a primary  opponent in Alabama. I don't know how many Senators in the Senate  haven't had primary opponents. Even more unusual, he didn't have a  general election opponent. I am not sure if that has happened before. I  know it hasn't happened for a long time. But that says something about  the kind of respect he has in his home State, which has a wide variety  of people. So I thank the Senator for his comments on that.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that following disposition  of the Paul amendment, there be 2 minutes of debate, divided in the  usual form, and that the Senate then vote in relation to the Hirono  amendment No. 20.    Madam President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, it is my understanding there is 2 minutes  equally divided between the proposer and the opposition.    Mr. President, this amendment is corrosive to the privilege  in the budget resolution, meaning that it is outside of the scope of  what is appropriate for a budget resolution. Any inappropriate  amendment could be fatal to the privilege of this resolution, which  would destroy our efforts to repeal ObamaCare. In other words, a vote  [[Page S138]]  in favor of this amendment is a vote against repealing ObamaCare.   In addition, this amendment is not germane to this budget resolution.  This budget resolution is much more focused than a typical budget  resolution. The Congressional Budget Act requires that amendments to a  budget resolution be germane. Since this amendment does not meet the  standard required by budget law, a point of order would lie against it;  as such, I raise a point of order under section 305(b)(2) of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974.   