 Mr. President, today I rise to speak about our country's  need for tax reform. As our previous speakers have indicated, this is a  critical time in our country, and we have an opportunity to make some  good decisions that will impact our Nation for literally generations to  come.   Reforming our Tax Code is a top priority not only for myself but for  many of my colleagues and the President. We are committed to delivering  tax reform that will provide more jobs, bigger paychecks, and a fairer  tax system for the American people.   Over the 8 years of the previous administration, economic growth  averaged a paltry 1.5 percent annually, which is about half of the  post-World War II average. This anemic growth has led to stagnant wages  and, according to the Joint Economic Committee, has cost families an  average of $8,600 in income on an annual basis. It is no wonder that  half of the American public says they are living paycheck to paycheck.  This is simply not acceptable.   Even more concerning, the Congressional Budget Office is projecting  economic growth to remain under 2 percent over the next 10 years if we  do not act. If that happens, let me just share with you the real  concern. If we allow economic growth to stay under 2 percent, then we  will literally bring in revenue based upon the size of our economy. If  we allow economic growth to move at a paltry 2 percent or less, then we  won't have the revenue to pay our bills.   Today, right now, we are looking at trillion-dollar deficits. Yet, if  we take a look at where the dollars are going, they go basically-- looking at our entire budget, about 28 percent of the money that we  spend today is found within the 12 appropriations bills that make up  the defense and the nondefense discretionary side of the budget. All of  the remaining items, making up 72 percent, are in areas of mandatory  payments--Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and interest on the  debt. If we don't do anything and if we continue on this same path,  with the type of growth we have, then we can expect that within 9 years  now, by the year 2026, our country's 250th birthday, 99 percent of all  of the revenue we take in will go into Medicare, Medicaid, Social  Security, and interest on the debt. That means there will be only 1  percent remaining for defense of our country, roads, bridges, research,  education, and all of those other items that many people really want to  see and that help us to move ahead as a country.   We have to make changes now that will allow our country's economy to  grow and prosper the way it used to. The way we believe we do that is  by changing our Tax Code, changing the regulatory environment in the  United States, and sending the message back to the businesses that this  is the place where they want to do business. They don't have to leave  our shores in order to actually make a profit and be able to keep that  profit.   It is our intention to deliver policies that will jolt our economy,  allow hard-working families to keep more of their paychecks, and  provide financial opportunities to lower and middle-class families. Tax  reform is a vital component of this.   Our current overly complicated Tax Code is more than 70,000 pages in  length. It takes Americans more than 8.1 billion hours each year to  file their taxes. A fairer, simpler Tax Code will grow the economy,  increase wages for American families, improve American competitiveness  overseas, and provide much needed certainty for our business community.   It has been 30 years since our Tax Code was last reformed. The rest  of the industrialized world has learned from America what it takes to  be competitive. They have seen what our tax rates have become. They  have lowered their tax rates. They are now inviting businesses to their  shores rather than to ours. Businesses that can go anyplace in the  world they want to are not choosing America as their location anymore.  We have to change that because when they come back, they bring good- paying jobs with them. They keep the profits here, which are reinvested  within our borders rather than overseas, and that adds to a growing  economy here, which allows us more revenue through even lower tax  rates.   The average corporate rate in the United States today is 39 percent,  compared to 25 percent by our foreign competitors. This puts American  businesses at a disadvantage right out of the gate. We must reform the  tax rate to one that incentivizes businesses to remain here in America  and keep good-paying jobs from going overseas. Doing so will unleash  the full potential of this American economy.   One thing we can all agree on is that taxes are too high and that the  tax rate, no matter who you are, should be lowered. Allowing all  American families to keep more of their hard-earned dollars by taking  them out of the hands of Washington and putting them back into their  pocketbooks will result in a more prosperous America. That means more  people investing in America long term. When our economy is healthy,  every American will feel the positive effects.   I am encouraged by the ongoing discussions and progress being made to  alleviate the tax burden on American businesses and American families,  and I will continue to work with anyone serious about lowering taxes  and reforming the code to provide a much needed boost to our sluggish  economy. The American people deserve better than the uncertain growth  and burdens still lingering from the previous administration.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   