 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, last May, Democrats and Republicans came  together to pass the first major environmental law in decades, the  Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. Before  this reform, it had been widely acknowledged that the Toxic Substances  Control Act, or TSCA, was broken. The law was hampered by litigation  since shortly after it was passed in 1976, and was rendered almost  completely ineffective.   It has only been 7 months since over 400 Members voted for this  reform, which requires a number of new rulemakings by the EPA.   A primary motivation to reform TSCA was to remove procedural hurdles  that were preventing the EPA from regulating dangerous chemicals. But  the bill before us today would impose new, unnecessary obstacles in the  rulemaking process, which will impede agencies that already are  struggling with shrinking budgets and time constraints.   Even some of the Members that had concerns with TSCA reform, myself  included, would agree that it is imperative that these rulemakings go  forward efficiently in order to protect public health and to give the  private sector the certainty that it asks for when it supported the  reform effort.   Unlike 233 of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I did not  vote for this bill; but I do firmly believe that the rulemakings  required by this law must be done effectively and quickly.  Unfortunately, the bill before us today would undermine that process.  For the record, I do not believe any amendments will fix the underlying  bill, and I hope my colleagues will oppose this bill later today.   While Congress has moved on to other priorities, the EPA has been  hard at work implementing the law as Congress intended. Since being  signed into law in June, the EPA has already put into place new  processes to review new chemicals, which is exactly what this House  instructed them to do.   A number of rulemakings will soon get underway focused on how the EPA  prioritizes chemicals for evaluation and how it will conduct risk  evaluations. Other rules regarding the EPA's chemical inventory and the  process for collecting fees will also be needed.   The Members that worked on TSCA reform deferred many of these  procedural decisions to the EPA because we lacked the expertise  necessary to determine every detail of the most effective, streamlined  regulatory process.   We are not toxicologists or chemists, so we empowered the scientists  that do this work to receive public feedback and create regulations,  based on congressional intent, within a reasonable amount of time.   It is clear that an overwhelming number of Members of the House  believe that the EPA needed these tools when we passed the Lautenberg  bill to fix the EPA's chemical program. Let's not tie the agency's  hands as it seeks effective implementation. We have seen what happens  with a broken chemical safety law. Let's not go back to that.   I would also caution against the bill's requirement to choose the  least costly regulatory option. People familiar with TSCA will know the  term ``least burdensome,'' which required the EPA to select the  restriction that was demonstrated to be the least burdensome to address  identified risks.   In practice, this requirement was so onerous that the EPA was not  even able to restrict known carcinogens like asbestos. The Lautenberg  bill ended this requirement. Let's not reinstate this problem for our  agencies.   Personally, I do not believe my amendment goes far enough. We should  exempt every major environmental law responsible for protecting  Americans' air, water, and land from this bill.   We have seen in many cases that these rules do not hurt the economy.  They protect public health and provide much greater benefits to society  than costs.   Many of our bedrock environmental statutes require agencies to review  and update their rules periodically. Members of Congress should not  prevent an agency from simply doing the job that is required of it  under the law.   But in terms of this amendment and TSCA reform, Congress knew exactly  what would be asked of the EPA in order to carry out the Frank R.  Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act when we passed it  by a vote of 403-12 just a few months ago. We cannot tell the EPA to do  something and then tie its hands and expect it to get it done.   This amendment is simple. Do Members of this body want to give our  regulatory agencies the tools they need to implement the laws that  Congress has passed? And, in my view, it should not matter if these  laws were passed 6 months ago or 60 years ago. Or should we make it  more difficult to implement effective rulemakings, even when there is  legislative consensus about the need for them?   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida.    Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment which requires that  an agency publish a list of scientific information relating to a rule  or expected to relate to the rule for each rule that an agency expects  to propose for the following year. I am concerned that this amendment  would create unintended consequences and operate as a one-way ratchet  to slow down and stop the rulemaking process by requiring burdensome  disclosures and creating options for procedural gridlock.   Agencies are already required to publish relevant data in support of  a rule during these rulemaking processes. Rules that do not appear to  be based on a reasoned analysis of relevant data may be vacated by  reviewing courts as arbitrary or capricious. Moreover, data acquired  through federally funded research is already accessible to researchers  who have a legitimate purpose.   I am also concerned that because this amendment does not define  scientific information or clarify the scope of this publication  requirement, peer reviewed materials may be taken out of context or  otherwise misused for political purposes. In so doing, this requirement  may chill feedback in the scientific community, undermine agencies'  ability to adopt the best rules possible, or otherwise manufacture  delays in the rulemaking process.   Any additional requirements in this area should strengthen, rather  than weaken, the process of science-based  [[Page H363]]  rulemaking. Given these concerns, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   