 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan for his remarks.  Congressman Steve Knight and I introduced H.R. 3210, the Securely  Expediting Clearances Through Reporting Transparency Act, or SECRET, to  enable Congress to monitor the efficiency of the background  investigation process. This bipartisan bill was passed unanimously by  the Oversight and Government Reform Committee.   H.R. 3210 imposes a commonsense requirement on the National  Background Investigations Bureau to report to Congress on backlogs that  develop in the background investigation process.   Backlogs have plagued us in the past, as my friend from Michigan just  said. In 2004, when the Department of Defense was the lead agency  performing background investigations, the Government Accountability  Office determined the backlog was 375 days, more than 1 year. Over  100,000 new investigations or reinvestigations were delayed by that  backlog.   In response, Congress transferred responsibility for those  investigations to the Office of Personnel Management, and more  recently, created the National Background Investigations Bureau within  the Office of Personnel  Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend, Mr.  Knight, for this bill. His leadership is really critical.   In my district, like his, thousands and thousands of jobs are open  because of this issue. We simply haven't gotten the security clearances  done in an expeditious way. We want them thorough, but we also,  frankly, want our national security being addressed at full throttle,  and that means full employment in these jobs.   I couldn't agree more with his sentiments, and I thank him again for  his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Krishnamoorthi), my friend and colleague and one of the  up-and-coming stars of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan for those comments, and  I again thank him for his leadership. I thank Mr. Knight for his vision  for this bill. I am pleased to be an original cosponsor, and I am  pleased to make sure this was shepherded through committee on a  unanimous vote.   I think we all recognize the criticality of classified background  checking to make sure people trusted with our Nation's secrets, in  fact, have been properly checked and vetted. But, on the other hand,  backlogs hurt our national security, and so expediting it and  accelerating reporting on it are really critical, it seems to me, for  both intelligence, homeland security, and defense work that protects  our citizens.   This is a very important step forward, and I urge its passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that  would increase funding for the Government Accountability Office, offset  by a minor decrease in the funding for the MRA accounts here in the  House of Representatives.   I am offering the amendment for three reasons:   First, the bill significantly underfunds the GAO.   Second, the administration is actively thwarting congressional  oversight, which we need more of, not less of.   Finally, Congress, which struck an aggressive posture in oversight  during the previous administration, seems to have lost its way a bit in  its constitutional duty to oversee the activities of this executive  branch.   The GAO is a vital resource not only for congressional overseers, but  also anyone interested in studying or improving the effectiveness of  Federal agencies. The GAO is often referred to as the congressional  watchdog. I am sure every Member of Congress has supported or requested  a GAO report with the purpose of examining broad and discrete issues of  executive branch oversight at some point in their career. It is a vital  institution that saves taxpayer dollars.   Every dollar we invest in the GAO, Mr. Chairman, generates a $112  return for the Federal Government and for the taxpayer. This oversight  dividend amounted to $63 billion in financial benefits for the Federal  Government in fiscal year 2016 alone.   Unfortunately, the bill before us provides $46.2 million less than  the budget request for fiscal year 2018. This amendment would simply  restore a modest $1 million of it.   I know the lack of sufficient funding for the GAO has been a topic of  discussion and debate between the majority and minority on the  Appropriations Committee. I would note that the ranking member raised  the issue in the ``Additional Views'' section of the committee report.   In the report, Ranking Member Lowey and Representative Tim Ryan, who  is with us on the floor, stated it is irresponsible to underfund the  GAO, especially when administration officials have reportedly been  ordered not to comply with Democratic oversight requests.   Which brings me to my second reason for offering the amendment: the  indifferent and at times outright adversarial approach the Trump  administration has decided to take to normal routine congressional  oversight work. The administration has ignored the seven-member rule,  for example, an authority enacted into law in 1928, which delegates  authority to any seven members of my committee, the Committee on  Oversight and Government Reform, to require any executive branch agency  to submit any information requested of it relating to any matter within  the jurisdiction of our committee.   The Trump administration released an opinion issued by the Office of  Legal Counsel, arguing that agencies and departments could ignore  requests for documents and other information from Members of the  minority party.   On June 7, Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, who certainly knew the  benefit of getting information requests in the minority answered, wrote  a scathing letter to President Trump urging him to reject the opinion.  The opinion stated that only requests from committees or their chairs  are constitutionally authorized. Senator Grassley, Republican chairman  of the Judiciary Committee in the Senate, called the opinion nonsense.   In his letter to the President, he stated: ``For OLC to fundamentally  misunderstand and misstate such a simple fact exposes its shocking lack  of professionalism and objectivity.''   He also wrote: ``Oversight brings transparency, and transparency  brings accountability. And the opposite is true. Shutting down  oversight requests doesn't drain the swamp.''   Those are the words of Chuck Grassley.   As the vice ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform  Committee, I have witnessed firsthand the committee's volte-face on  issues of oversight.   Whereas, during the Obama administration, one would have thought  that, like the British Empire, the Sun never set on the jurisdiction of  our committee. Now, suddenly, the majority advances a tortured and  narrow interpretation of the committee's role as the primary oversight  body for the House of Representatives.   If the administration is going to ignore the minority in Congress and  the majority is suddenly allergic to congressional oversight, the  demands on the GAO are going to grow.   With that greater responsibility should come greater resources. First  and foremost, the House should join Senator Grassley and demand that  this administration not impede congressional oversight activities.   In the absence of the administration acceding to this request, we  have got to send a clear message about the importance to the executive  branch of accountability by better funding the GAO.   This amendment will not solve the GAO funding created by this bill,  but it would send a message to our colleagues in the Senate about the  premium we place on the principle of robust oversight of the executive  branch.   Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment which would increase  funding for the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and offset that  increase with a reduction in funding for the salaries and expenses of  the House of Representatives.   I am offering this amendment for three reasons.   First, this bill significantly underfunds GAO.   Second, this administration is actively thwarting congressional  oversight.   And finally, Congress, which struck an aggressive posture on  oversight during the Obama Administration, seems to have forgotten its  Constitutional duty to oversee the activities of the Executive Branch.   GAO is a vital resource for not only Congressional overseers, but  also anyone interested in studying or improving the effectiveness of  federal agencies and the way in which they carry out their vital  missions.   GAO is often referred to as the ``congressional watchdog.''   I am sure nearly every Member of Congress has supported or requested  a GAO report with the purpose of examining broad and discrete issues of  Executive Branch oversight.   It is a vital institution that helps ensure taxpayer dollars are  invested wisely.   Every dollar we invest in GAO generates a $112 return for the federal  government. This oversight dividend amounted to $63 billion in  financial benefits for the federal government in fiscal year 2016.   Unfortunately, the bill before us provides $46.2 million less than  the budget request for FY 2018, which would result in the loss of 200  GAO staff by the end of the coming fiscal year.  [[Page H6409]]    I know the lack of sufficient funding for GAO has been a topic of  discussion and debate between the Majority and the Minority on the  Appropriations Committee.   I would note that the Ranking Member raised this issue in the  ``Additional Views'' section of the Committee report for the  Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill.   In the report, Ranking Member Lowey and Representative Tim Ryan  stated, ``It is irresponsible to underfund the GAO, especially when  Administration officials have reportedly been ordered not to comply  with Democratic oversight requests.''   Which brings me to my second reason for offering this amendment--the  indifferent and, at times, hostile approach the Trump Administration  has decided to take to Congressional oversight work.   The administration has ignored the Seven Member Rule, an authority  that was enacted into law in 1928 which delegates authority to any  seven members of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to  require any Executive Branch agency to ``submit any information  requested of it relating to any matter within the jurisdiction of the  committee.''   The Trump Administration released an opinion issued by the Office of  Legal Counsel on May 1, 2017, arguing that agencies and departments  could ignore requests for documents and other information from Members  of Congress other than Republican Committee Chairmen.   On June 7, 2017, Republican Senator Chuck Grassley wrote a scathing  letter to President Trump urging him to reject the opinion issued by  Office of Legal Counsel.   The opinion stated that only requests from committees or their chairs  are ``constitutionally authorized.''   Senator Grassley called the opinion ``nonsense.''   In his letter to the president he stated, ``For OLC to so  fundamentally misunderstand and misstate such a simple fact exposes its  shocking lack of professionalism and objectivity. Indeed, OLC appears  to have utterly failed to live up to its own standards. You are being  ill-served and ill-advised.''   He also wrote, ``Oversight brings transparency, and transparency  brings accountability. And, the opposite is true. Shutting down  oversight requests doesn't drain the swamp, Mr. President. It floods  the swamp.''   And Congress is not blameless here.   As the Vice Ranking Member of the House Oversight and Government  Reform Committee, I have witnessed firsthand that Committee's volte- face on issues of oversight.   Whereas, during the Obama Administration one would have thought that  like the British Empire the sun never set on the jurisdiction of the  Oversight Committee, now the Majority advances a tortured and narrow  interpretation of the Committee's role as the primary oversight body  for the House of Representatives.   If the Administration is going to ignore the Minority in Congress,  and the Majority is suddenly allergic to Congressional oversight, the  demands on GAO are only going to grow.   And with that greater responsibility should come greater resources.   First and foremost, the House should join Senator Grassley and demand  that this administration not impede Congressional oversight activities.   In the absence of the administration acceding to this demand, we must  send a clear message about the importance of Executive Branch  accountability by better funding GAO.   This amendment will not solve the GAO funding difficulties created by  this bill, but it would send a message to our colleagues in the Senate  about the premium we place on the principle of robust oversight of the  Executive Branch.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have great respect for gentlemen who  offered this amendment.   They are my colleagues, and they are my friends.   Mr. Meadows and I work very closely together on the Government  Operations Subcommittee. He is my Chairman, and he knows I value his  collaboration.   Mr. Griffith is a fellow Virginian, and I have the pleasure of  serving on committees with Mr. Jordan (OGR) and Mr. Perry (HFAC).   And that is why it especially pains me to say this.   But this amendment, which uses the disgraceful Holman Rule to  eviscerate the Congressional Budget Office's Budget Analysis Division,  is so transparent and so cynical it makes me want to weep.   This amendment would punish the Congressional Budget Office for  exposing the House Republican repeal of the Affordable Care Act as a  cruel bill that would deprive 23 million Americans of healthcare.   CBO is being retaliated against for the earnest work it conducted on  the Trump Budget,  [[Page H6415]]  which demonstrated that the president's budget misrepresents deficit  projections by $2.3 trillion.   This amendment says facts don't matter anymore.   And that is something to mourn.   