 Mr. Chairman, the previous speaker said: How could a group  be so far off in their analysis? Well, they were that far off with the  Bush tax cuts in 2001 and 2003. Alan Greenspan was certainly off. In  his commentary about economic growth, we had the slowest growth since  Herbert Hoover was President, based upon $2.3 trillion worth of tax  cuts.   So this is analysis. It is an economic forecast. It is not an  algorithm. When you pick up the computer, you push a button, and all of  a sudden you get a score.   I am in opposition to this amendment because they play a vital role  every single day, even when they are not entirely accurate, in keeping  a scorecard. Members and staff on both sides, particularly at the Ways  and Means Committee, rely much upon their hardworking and nonpartisan  analysis for what they do every day.   I have never, in 29 years in this House, said to a member of CBO: Are  you a Republican or are you a Democrat?   When we demean professional achievement from economists who try and  strive every single day to come up with an accurate forecast, we do  this institution no good. We should have a high regard for what these  people do every single day--and let me say this, by the way, more  accurate than the Office of Management and Budget, in my recollection,  who work for Presidents and who, generally, didn't come up  [[Page H6414]]  with forecasts that Presidents might or might not like.    The CBO is an independent agency and we need to keep it here.  Congress could not do its work without the CBO. As Tim Ryan said a few  moments ago, this is the equivalent of let's beat up the referee after  we don't like the outcome of the soccer game. Let's jump the referee  and tell him: You better go back in and change the score so that we  might meet, perhaps, popular polling forecasts, which I also might tell  you, based on what happened in November, weren't so good, either, for  all of us.   Regardless of what political party we are Members of, we should have  regard for this House of Representatives and the independent role that  CBO offers. Chairman Kevin Brady stands with me on this. Leave the CBO  alone.   The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Ohio has expired.   