 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Lawsuit  Abuse Reduction Act. I want to commend my colleague from Texas (Mr.  Smith) for his leadership on this important bill. Mr. Smith, of course,  who is now the chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and  Technology, was, for a number of years, the chairman of the Committee  on the Judiciary, and he has a long reputation, much experience in  trying to find ways to make the legal system work better for more  people all across the country, and this is part of that, because there  is a huge cost associated with the abusive lawsuits that have been  filed for many years in this country.   Businesses are a popular target for frivolous lawsuits that lack any  legal or factual basis. These lawsuits can easily result in hundreds of  thousands of dollars in legal fees and discovery costs. Small  businesses oftentimes don't have the financial resources to obtain a  dismissal or sometimes even good legal counsel, and, therefore, their  only option, in many cases, is to settle the case. In fact, many  businesses and other entities put aside--insurance companies do this as  well--a nuisance value of many of these cases because they realize so  many cases are basically filed for not really legitimate reasons, but  because there is a cash payout at the end of this, and some who are  able to will actually put that in their budget. But these expenses  don't just cost small businesses time and productivity. Too often they  force small businesses into bankruptcy, and that means real people lose  their jobs. This happens thousands and thousands and thousands of times  all across this country.   Mr. Chairman, as chairman of the House Committee on Small Business, I  cannot emphasize enough that we absolutely cannot afford to lose any  more small businesses in this country and the associated jobs that go  with them.   By ensuring that there are penalties for lawyers filing frivolous  lawsuits, H.R. 720 will deter abusive litigation practices that pose a  real threat to the stability of many small businesses all across this  country. After all, small businesses are the backbone of the economy.  About 70 percent of the new jobs created in the American economy  nowadays are created by small-business folks, so we should do  everything we can to make sure that they are successful and able to  hire more and more Americans so that we can get this economy moving  again.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 720. I again thank Mr. Smith for  putting forth this very wise and thoughtful legislation which I think  will go a long way toward improving the legal system that we have in  this country.   