 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his  support.   I rise today in support of critical legislation to support public  safety and first responders, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use  Act, H.R. 437.   My bill will help secure medical countermeasures for first  responders, ensuring we are prepared for any type of emergency. For  instance, last year, in Florida, we faced the outbreak of the Zika  virus.   The Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act means that reliable grant  funding would be available to conduct medical preparedness activities  such as planning, training, and purchasing protective equipment to  combat Zika or other public health threats going forward nationwide.  When the worst occurs, our first responders are there for us on the  front lines.   I consistently find myself in awe of these brave men and women and  the sacrifices they make on the public's behalf. They are heroes. The  least we can do is make sure they have the tools they need to do their  jobs and keep us safe. That is what my bill seeks to accomplish. We  want to keep them safe as well, Mr. Speaker.   The legislation authorizes grant funds for the stockpiling of  countermeasures, including medical kits, protective gear, ventilators,  and more. This should give us all peace of mind to know this vital  equipment will be there in case of a crisis.   Importantly, the grant fund used in H.R. 437 already exists. The bill  does not require new or additional funding. Also significant, this bill  has received strong bipartisan support.   I thank my colleagues, Representatives Susan Brooks and Peter King,  for being original cosponsors of H.R. 437.   I was inspired to write this legislation during my time as  subcommittee chairman on the Homeland Security Committee after a series  of hearings with folks from the emergency response community. They  expressed the urgent need for stockpiling these medical countermeasures  and for providing first responders the assurance that grant funding may  be used to support them now and in the future. They need certainty, Mr.  Speaker.   I am proud to have the support of the Emergency Services Coalition  for Medical Preparedness and the International Association of Fire  Chiefs on this issue. The Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act is  going to make a difference to protect the public and protect our  protectors. I strongly urge passage today.   