 Mr. Chairman, it is my distinct honor to bring to the  House floor the fiscal year 2018 Interior, Environment, and Related  Agencies appropriations bill.   Before I go into the details of the bill, I would like to commend  Chairman Frelinghuysen for his commitment to the appropriations  process. Under Chairman Frelinghuysen's leadership, the committee has  moved its bills through the full committee and is now bringing all 12  fiscal year 2018 bills to the House floor.   As reported by the Appropriations Committee, the fiscal year 2018  Interior and Environment bill is funded at $31.456 billion, which is  $824 million below the fiscal year 2017 enacted level and $4.3 billion  above the budget request.   This legislation makes a concerted effort to prioritize critical  needs within our allocation while also addressing specific interests  and concerns brought to our attention through more than 5,000  individual Member requests.   In the interest of time, I won't outline all of the programs and  activities funded in this bill, but I would like to point out a few  highlights. The committee has provided robust wildland fire funding in  this bill. Fire suppression accounts are again fully funded at the 10- year average level, and the bill increases funding for hazardous fuels  reduction.   The bill funds the Payments in Lieu of Taxes, PILT, program at the  fiscal year 2017 enacted level. Rural counties in 49 of the 50 States  rely on these funds to make up for lost tax revenue.   Overall, funding for the EPA is reduced by $534 million, or 6.5  percent, from last year. This legislation provides $5 billion worth of  investment in water infrastructure through funding in the WIFIA program  and the Clean Water and Drinking Water revolving loan funds. This bill  also provides increases to accelerate the cleanup of contaminated  Superfund and Brownfield sites. These programs help create jobs and  spur economic development in communities across the country.   The bill provides $2.9 billion for the National Park Service. It  increases the construction account by $10 million and maintains  increases provided last year to address longstanding park operations  and deferred maintenance needs.   We have also addressed a number of concerns within the Fish and  Wildlife Service accounts. The bill restores core programs and popular  grant programs to fiscal year 2017 enacted levels. It also restores  funds to combat international wildlife trafficking, protects fish  hatcheries from cuts and closures, continues funding to fight invasive  mussels and Asian carp, and reduces the backlog of species that are  recovered but not yet delisted.   The bill provides $275 million for Land and Water Conservation Fund  programs that enjoy bipartisan support.   The West Coast, and my home State of California in particular, is  counting on the expertise of the USGS to make earthquake early warning  systems operational. This bill provides $10.2 million for this public  safety program that will protect millions of lives and critical  infrastructure.   The bill also makes critical investments in Indian Country--a top  priority of the committee. It honors our commitment to Native Americans  with particular emphasis on Indian health, law enforcement, education,  and water settlements.  [[Page H6841]]    In closing, I would like to thank the staff on both sides of the  aisle who have worked long hours on this legislation. On the minority  side, I would like to thank Rita Culp, Jocelyn Hunn, and Rebecca  Taylor. On the majority side, I would like to thank Darren Benjamin,  Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Jackie Kilroy, Kristin Richmond, and Dave  LesStrang, our chief clerk from the committee staff; as well as on my  personal staff, Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Tricia Evans, and Dave  Kennett for a job well done.   Lastly, I would like to thank my good friend and ranking member,  Betty McCollum, for working with me to address a number of critical  needs throughout the bill. While we may disagree on some issues, we are  never disagreeable with each other and we continue to work well  together.   Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill, and I urge its adoption.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Hudson) for the purpose of a colloquy.    Reclaiming my time, I thank the gentleman for drawing  the House's attention to the road construction and maintenance needs of  the Forest Service. I would be pleased to work with him and anyone else  interested in our national forests as we move through the FY 2018  spending process.    Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Washington (Mr.  Kilmer) for the purpose of a colloquy.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for drawing attention  to the issue. It is my hope that we can move forward with the fiscal  year 2018 process, and my colleague and I can continue to work together  with the relevant agencies to address this issue so that his  constituents and others around the Nation can continue to enjoy all  that the Park Service and other Interior lands have to offer without  compromising military readiness.   