 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for  yielding and for taking up this Special Order to focus on the role of  the Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities in American life and the  need for us in this body to have some historical perspective and  appreciation of that, and to rise to the occasion of the challenge  presented by the Trump preliminary budget to make certain that these  efforts are appreciated, and, more importantly, that they are funded,  that they are supported in this body and in our budget for fiscal 2018.   I am glad that the gentleman took some time to give us a history  lesson. He comes by this advocacy honestly because he is the  Representative from Rhode Island. The inspiration behind the  Endowments, back in the 1960s, was Senator Claiborne Pell of Rhode  Island, a towering figure in the Senate.   I suppose I am one of the few Members around here who has been around  long enough to remember Claiborne Pell. I never served with him, but I  was a young staff member in the U.S. Senate when Claiborne Pell was  going strong.   I first got a job as a summer intern and then returned summer after  summer. I ended up writing a dissertation out of the Senate office of  Senator Bob Bartlett of Alaska who was a friend and collaborator of  Claiborne Pell's.   Pell had many things going. I remember his chairman, Senator Lister  Hill of Alabama. When I interviewed him at one point, he remarked on  Claiborne and how just Claiborne had everything going. You had to  really work to keep up with him.   But these Endowments were favorite projects of Claiborne Pell and of  that uniquely fertile period in the history of this Congress when these  efforts were pioneered and established, and, of course, they have  enriched our national life ever since.   As the gentleman from Rhode Island mentioned, I have been honored to  co-chair the Congressional Humanities Caucus. I have also been a member  for a long time of the Congressional Arts Caucus.   It is at least in part in that capacity I speak out today in defense  of these Endowments, but also as a U.S. citizen, as a former academic  who appreciates the role both of these Endowments play in supporting  academic life and research into our history, our culture, our national  background.   And not just research at the very top levels of our great  universities, although they do some of that, but also the kind of local  historical understanding that is developed through local arts councils  and through local groups who research history and put on pageants and  who educate young people and who do so much to enrich our national life  from the bottom up.   One of the strengths, I think, of both the Arts and the Humanities  Endowments, maybe their greatest strength, is their grassroots  character--how they work to make history and the arts real and tangible  and meaningful to young people coming along and to our local  communities.   That is one reason their political support is so strong and so broad  in terms of the political spectrum. We all know there have been times  in the past where opportunistic politicians took out after the arts and  the humanities thinking that maybe they could get a point or two by  pretending to be antielitist or something like that. Efforts fall flat  because Members of this body and most Americans know that the  Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities operate at anything other  than an elitist fashion.   They have managed to, at one and the same time, support the great  achievements of our top research institutions but also to fund all  sorts of activity at the local level, to the grassroots level, that has  enriched our understanding of who we are and where we came from.   There was a Commission on the Humanities organized by the American  Academy of Arts & Sciences a few years ago. It was co-chaired by the  distinguished president of Duke University, Dick Brodhead, and a  prominent businessman, John Rowe. The heart of the matter is the report  that they produced. I would recommend to colleagues that report. It is  not a report designed to gather dust on a shelf. It is a report  designed to be an action document to help us understand that the  humanities in this country are an important part of our educational  excellence. They are an important part of our competitiveness  internationally.   The humanities are important to national security and to the business  world in terms of languages and cultural understanding and the kind of  historical perspective that people need to operate in the modern world.   We all have our stories about how the humanities have enriched our  lives and given us understanding. I experience that every day, not in a  direct application necessarily but some kind of appreciation of where  we have come from historically. What is the validity of some of these  idealogical arguments that we hear? What is the history of our  institution and of our role at critical moments? There is so much,  whatever your walk of life, whether you are a Member of Congress or a  businessperson or whatever. You are not going to get an instant history  when you need it, when you need to have that understanding and that  perspective. You gain this only by virtue of your educational  background and what is available to you in terms of resources to deepen  your understanding, and then you draw on that later, and it is  extremely important to have that to draw on.   We need to situate ourselves, in this body especially, situate  ourselves historically and understand the challenges we face. A broad  liberal arts education is simply irreplaceable as a way of doing that.  There are no more effective champions of broad liberal arts education  and all of its facets than the Endowments for the Arts and the  Humanities.    They have a robust system of partnerships with State agencies, local  leaders, and the philanthropic sector. I particularly appreciate, in my  district, the Carolina Ballet; the North Carolina Symphony, which gave  a wonderful performance at the Kennedy Center as part of a series to  celebrate State orchestras last week; and the National Humanities  Center in my district also, a home for first-rate research in the  humanities where scholars come year in and year out.   There is an economic impact that is sometimes not fully appreciated.  A recent analysis by the Bureau of Economic Analysis found that our  Nation's arts and cultural capacity produces over $700 billion in  economic output and supports millions of jobs.   Coming down to specific programs, in fiscal year 2016 alone, the  Endowment for the Humanities museums grants leveraged $33 million into  an additional $104 million. That is a pretty good return, quite a  return, for the American taxpayer.   In fact, every dollar that the State Humanities Council gives out in  grants, since fiscal year 2015, leveraged at least $5 at the local and  State level.   There are all kinds of reasons for us to appreciate the arts and the  humanities--the ways they enrich our lives, the kind of ways they equip  this country and this country's young people to be insightful, to be  creative, to think outside the box, to develop their skills to the  fullest extent for their own good and also for the good of our country.   In the face of all this, how can it be that the preliminarily budget  of the Trump administration proposes eliminating these time-tested and  productive programs?   I don't believe that will stand. I don't believe Members of either  party in this body will let it stand. The funding already is very  modest for these institutions. I am not talking about meeting the Trump  administration halfway. I am talking about restoring full funding for  the Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities and standing up proudly  for these institutions and understanding and furthering understanding  of the role they play in our national life.   Where did this proposal come from? I know where it came from--an  outside rightwing think tank. That is the only credential that I know  that this proposal from the preliminary budget has. I hope and believe  that this was an overly hasty inclusion in that preliminary budget  based on nothing more than this think tank's proposal.   I know it is up for reconsideration, I hope by the administration  itself, but certainly by this body, as we put together our budget for  2018 and also our appropriations bills for the year.   We have got to stand up for our institutions' prerogatives in this  case, but  [[Page H2773]]  exercise those prerogatives on behalf of our own constituents, our own  communities, and two of the finest and most efficient and most  effective uses of Federal funds that are in the whole budget, the  National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities.   Let's hold fast in our investment. It is one of the most efficient we  make in terms of leveraging private, nonprofit, and corporate dollars.  It is one of the very most effective in enriching our national life.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend again for taking up this Special  Order. I am happy to work with him on this, and we will count on a  cooperative effort going forward.   