 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss President Trump's  decision to fire FBI Director James Comey. During his campaign, then- Candidate Trump regularly talked about how he would be the law and  order President. ``Law and order'' means different things to different  people, but all of us should be able to agree that we cannot have law  and order without the rule of law.   The rule of law is not a new or even uniquely American idea. It dates  back to the Magna Carta of 1215. This document--a pact between King  John of  [[Page S2873]]  England and his barons--established that the Nation's people have  certain rights and that even the monarch is subject to the laws of the  land. Centuries later, as we cast off the British monarchy, declared  our independence, and established our own form of government, our  Nation's founders enshrined the rule of law in our Constitution.   Our system of checks and balances was designed to hold all levels of  the Federal Government accountable but especially the President.  Without the rule of law, law and order becomes merely order imposed by  an unaccountable government. We know what order without the rule of law  looks like. Last century it looked like the regimes of the Axis Powers.  Now it looks like North Korea, Egypt, the Philippines, and, yes,  Russia. These are all nations led by strongmen whom our President has  praised in some manner, strongmen who hold democratic institutions in  contempt and exercise disproportionate control over their nations'  military, government institutions, and the media.   While the press here in the United States remains independent, we  have a President who has chosen to regularly do battle with what he  derides as the ``fake news media.'' He has even called our cherished,  constitutionally protected free press ``the enemy of the American  people.''   It is often said that the news is the ``first rough draft of  history.'' While the President can attempt to wage war with the news  media, none of us can truly fight history. But here in the Senate, we  can help shape it. History has its eyes on our Chamber now.   Some of my colleagues across the aisle have said they are  ``troubled'' or ``disappointed'' by the President's decision to fire  Director Comey, but it appears that many are taking a wait-and-see  approach. They are taking a wait-and-see approach to Director Comey's  firing. They are taking a wait-and-see approach to how the  administration replaces him. They are taking a wait-and-see approach to  the ongoing investigation into the Trump campaign's potential collusion  with Russia. The problem here is that this administration won't let us  see anything. The Trump administration is actively working to cover up  everything that we, as the independent legislative branch, need to see  to get to the bottom of the Trump campaign's potential collusion with  Russia.   Director Comey was investigating this potential collusion at the time  that he was fired, and it has been reported that Director Comey  recently asked Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein for an increase  in money and personnel for this very investigation. Within a matter of  days, the Deputy Attorney General wrote a memo recommending that  President Trump fire Director Comey for actions he took last year. So  was Director Comey fired on May 9, 2017, for his actions back in 2016?  Are we to believe the President and the Attorney General were carefully  weighing the merits of Director Comey's service since the inauguration,  or was he fired because he was ramping up his investigation into  Russian collusion? Let's not forget that this is the same collusion  investigation from which Attorney General Sessions recused himself  before recommending to the President that he fire Director Comey.   This is clearly a President who is more than happy to fire people,  and he does so in a hasty fashion. Director Comey is not the first  public servant to be fired while investigating this administration. In  fact, he is in pretty good company. Acting Attorney General Sally Yates  was fired while overseeing the collection of intelligence related to  meetings between the Russian Ambassador and members of the Trump team.  The U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York was fired while  investigating HHS Secretary Price's financial investments, in addition  to leading a separate investigation into corrupt Russian businessmen  and officials. One firing is an incident, two is a coincidence, but  three is a pattern.   The past 4 months suggests that our President thinks he can simply  tweet and fire his way out of this problem, while continuing to cozy up  to the Russians. Earlier today, less than 24 hours after firing  Director Comey, President Trump hosted the Russian Ambassador and the  Foreign Minister in the Oval Office.   I am deeply concerned that the President is unable or unwilling to  grasp what the underlying problem here actually is. When the President  hears Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle discuss the  Russian attack on our election and the very foundations of our  democracy, he hears sour grapes stemming from people who would have  liked the Republican primary or the general election to have ended  differently. But let me be very clear: This is not about scoring  political points. This is not about winning the news cycle or the back- and-forth on Twitter. This is not the newest iteration of partisan  politics.   Now is the time for all of us to put country above party. Throughout  our Nation's history, Senators have come together to tackle some of the  Nation's most difficult problems. Our Union has survived other  challenges, and I am confident we can navigate this together, but we  need to know exactly what we are up against. This is about properly  diagnosing and curing a possible Russian infection in the White House  and inoculating our government and elections for the future. Firing  your doctor won't take your illness away, and taking a wait-and-see  approach won't do that either.   We need an independent special prosecutor to diagnose potential  collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. We cannot wait for the  President to handpick a new FBI Director who will owe his or her  nomination for this unexpected job opening to the very people he or she  will be charged with investigating.   Our democracy is resilient and our democracy is strong, but if we  have a festering foreign infection that is left untreated, our  democratic system will certainly weaken. We need a special prosecutor  to either identify and address any malfeasance or issue this White  House a clean bill of health.   Democracies are built on trust in civic institutions--a trust that  has eroded in recent years, and I am deeply concerned that this erosion  is accelerating. As Americans and as elected officials, we must come  together and restore our constituents' trust in the Federal Government.  We cannot just wait and see any longer. Now is the time for an  independent special prosecutor.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   