 I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, this amendment facilitates the construction of badly  needed icebreakers. The United States does not have any heavy  icebreakers that are available all year round. We only have one, and  that is used in the Antarctic and, therefore, unavailable in the summer  in the north.   Joining me on this amendment is the ranking member and others from  the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee of the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.   We need icebreakers; in fact, we need six icebreakers. We need to  build the first one immediately and get it underway.   Language in the underlying bill provides a mechanism for us to fund  that icebreaker using the authorities of the Department of the Navy,  specifically, one of their sections. This amendment clarifies the  language and makes it clear that the Navy can act as the fiscal agent  to carry out the icebreaker task. It does not require in any way that  the Navy shipbuilding account be used in any way to pay for the  icebreaker. The money for the icebreaker will have to come from other  sources. But it makes it clear that the Navy can expend money as a  fiscal agent using the special account that was designated, that has  been in existence for some time.   I can go into great length about why we need icebreakers, but the  very short story is that Russia has over 40 icebreakers, probably  closer to 50, many of them heavy icebreakers capable of operating in  very thick ice in the Arctic. The United States really has none. We  have some light icebreakers, but they will not suffice during the  Arctic spring and winter. Therefore, we have to get with it.   We do know that in the future--well, today and this year, this  summer--the Northwest Passage will be open for shipping, and the East  Passage, which is along the Russian coast, is also open.   So the Arctic is a navigable ocean. The U.S. Navy cannot operate  there without an icebreaker. We cannot conduct civil and maritime as  well as military exercises without a heavy icebreaker. This allows us  to do that.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Larsen).    Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time I have remaining.    Mr. Chair, just a couple of things.   First of all, there is a thing called the National Sealift Fund,  which has been in existence for a long time, and it has been used to  build non-Navy ships. That is exactly what we intend to do here is to  use the National Sealift Fund, not the Navy shipbuilding fund.   Secondly, you may notice or you may want to know that the U.S. Coast  Guard is, in fact, a defense as well as a civilian vessel; it has both  obligations.   We also need to understand that we are not stealing money from the  Navy. This is simply a mechanism in which the Navy acts as a fiscal  agent to carry out the task.   The Coast Guard is not well suited to build ships of this type. We  are looking for the most efficient and effective way to carry out the  task, and the use of the National Sealift Fund, together with the U.S.  Navy as the fiscal agent, is the best way to accomplish that.   I would end by simply saying the U.S. Navy is toothless, useless in  the Arctic unless it has an icebreaker. So if you care about the Arctic  Ocean and the role of the U.S. Navy in carrying out our national  defense functions in the Arctic, then you must help us find a way to  build the icebreakers.   We will do so without, in any way, taking funds away from the U.S.  Navy shipbuilding. Indeed, it would be up to the appropriators to  appropriate money quite hopefully from the Department of Homeland  Security for this purpose, putting the money into this National Sealift  Fund so that it can then be used to build the icebreaker, with the Navy  acting as the fiscal agent.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   