 Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for yielding me just a  moment to speak on the absolute necessity of passing the Reducing  Regulatory Burdens Act. The Sixth Circuit Court blatantly overstepped  its authority in directing the EPA to establish a  [[Page H4541]]  duplicative permitting process for pesticide use. The Federal  Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, known as FIFRA, already  requires the EPA to review the data and evaluate risks and exposures  associated with the use of certain insecticides, herbicides,  fungicides, and rodenticides.   After the EPA evaluates the risk associated with the use of a given  pesticide, FIFRA prohibits its use for any purpose not already approved  by the EPA. Approved uses are clearly labeled. Requiring additional  reviews under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System is  simply unnecessary and burdensome.   Furthermore, unless the body sets the record straight and overturns  the Sixth Circuit decision, we will be opening a tried-and-true  permitting process to numerous citizen lawsuits that will be bad for  agriculture and, as all such bad decisions, result in increased costs  paid for by the American consumers.   I urge my colleagues to stand behind Mr. Gibbs and this bill, stand  behind the science, and help him pass this. When he came, he started to  work on this in 2010, his hair was brown. Now it is gray. So let's help  him get this bill passed.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Judge Poe for his tireless work on  this issue. And I appreciate the leadership, and Lloyd Smucker. And as  he has talked about, this is a bipartisan issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to modern-day slavery,  because that is what this is, in the form of human trafficking.   Most people believe human trafficking only occurs at home. It is a  foreign crime that would never happen in our community, let alone their  own backyard. To that I say: Let me tell you about human trafficking in  rural America.   I come from a district that is very rural. We had several summits on  this issue. We talked to the local sheriffs and to the local police  departments, and they said: Do you know what, we don't have that  problem here. We are okay.   We invoked the help of the Department of Homeland Security, and they  have got a great campaign called the Blue Campaign. We encouraged these  officers to show up. And I am happy to say that most of the people that  we talked to--the counties and the sheriffs--showed up.   And it wasn't more than about 2 weeks that I started getting calls  from the sheriffs. And they said: Do you know what, that is happening  right here.   It is an awareness campaign. And Ms. Gabbard from Hawaii mentioned  how underreported it is. Of course, it is, if  [[Page H4566]]  people aren't aware of it. But when you bring awareness through  campaigns like the Department of Homeland Security's Blue Campaign,  people wake up to this issue. And I love their motto: If you see  something, say something. Let people know this is going on.   So let me tell you about our home community. In March of this year, a  special needs student in Jacksonville, Florida, was kidnapped. Her  captors placed her under house arrest, basically. They incarcerated her  for human trafficking. They placed an advertisement online offering her  sexual services, which is quite possibly the only reason the police  were able to find her. These people were advertising on the internet.   Also, in March of this year, 15 men were arrested in my hometown of  Gainesville, Florida, on child solicitation charges. These men were  discovered as part of an undercover operation that led them to believe  they were communicating with young girls. The men believed the girls'  guardians were allowing them to commit sexual acts with underage girls.   Only 2 months prior to this arrest, a Gainesville man was sentenced  to 25 years in prison for sex trafficking an adult.   A month prior to that, Polk County--another rural county--detectives  arrested 114 suspects in a human trafficking and prostitution ring. At  least four of them were immediately identified as human trafficking  victims. And merely 3 months later, an additional 104 were picked up in  a second sting for human trafficking, including those soliciting sex  from minors.   These are but a few examples of human trafficking-related crimes that  have occurred in my community in the last 6 months. Florida is  estimated to have the third highest rate of human trafficking in the  country, following only behind California and New York--third in the  Nation. That is not something any State wants a designation for. All  three of these States are ideal because of their access to ports and  interstate highways, allowing victims to be transported across State  lines easily.   And it is estimated today--and I, again, sit on the Foreign Affairs  Committee with Judge Poe, and we have seen these numbers too often. It  is estimated that 21 million people are trafficked around the world,  resulting in an estimated $150 billion in profits--profits from the  sale of a human individual that goes to the traffickers who are often  drug smugglers or terrorist organizations.   The 13th Amendment to our Constitution abolished slavery in this  country. However, it still exists, and it is right in our own backyard.  Because of this, we need to do all that we can to eradicate this.    The runaway child is picked up within 48 hours and forced within the  sex trade. This is something that, if you believe in the 13th  Amendment, we all need to stand up, take an active role in this, and we  do this by the legislation that is up.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the Judge for being a strong advocate and always  being there for this.   