 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4010, the Congressional  Subpoena Compliance and Enforcement Act of 2017. My support of this  legislation is tied to my view of our committee's responsibility to  conduct oversight of the executive branch.   Nearly a century ago in McGrain v. Daugherty, the United States  Supreme Court framed that responsibility this way: ``A legislative body  cannot legislate wisely or effectively in the absence of information  respecting the conditions which the legislation is intended to affect  or change; and where the legislative body does not itself possess the  requisite information--which not infrequently is true--recourse must be  had to others who possess it.''   In other words, it is our responsibility to ask for the information  we require to do our jobs effectively, and the Constitution empowers us  to enforce those requests if we are at first denied. We should be very  clear on this point. Congress does not require a statute in order to  enforce its subpoenas in Federal court.   We know this, of course, because in 2008, the House Judiciary  Committee went to court to defend that authority. Ruling in favor of  the committee, the court held that the Bush administration's claim of  absolute immunity from our process ``is entirely unsupported by  existing case law.''   In effect, both government officials and private individuals have a  legal obligation to comply with the duly issued congressional subpoena  whether or not the bill before us today is enacted into law, still this  legislation is useful as a means to codify certain practices and to  expedite enforcement of subpoenas in Federal court.   It also puts the House on equal footing with the Senate, which has  had a statute in place since 1978, allowing that body to enforce at  least some of its subpoenas in Federal court.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Goodlatte for working with us to make  sure that we strike the right balance. This bill both protects our  existing authority and mitigates many concerns about abusive subpoena  power by a runaway committee. I also want to thank the gentleman from  California (Mr. Issa) for his leadership on this issue.   We often disagree about the issues we should prioritize for  oversight, but I suspect that we stand together on the importance of  oversight, both to our committee and to the Congress as a whole.   Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues support the measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to share one last thought before closing. In our markup of  this bill, the gentleman from California (Mr. Swalwell) had this to say  about a recent experience in the Intelligence Committee:   ``We had interviewed a witness just 2 weeks ago with respect to our  Russia interference investigation. . . .   ``After the interview, he gave a public statement . . . and said that  he had withheld information from the committee because he was not under  subpoena.   ``And he also stated that he felt like he had certain privileges to  assert that allowed him to withhold this information.   ``And so I saw right there . . . that even under a subpoena,  individuals believe''--some individuals believe--``that without  necessarily having a judicial or legal basis for privilege that they  could just assert it.   ``And I believe that is because the public is starting to perceive  that our subpoena power does not have the weight that it should.''   Wherever the Intelligence Committee's investigation lands, Mr.  Speaker, we have a great deal of work to do. Given some of our current  challenges, it is more important than ever for the House to conduct  substantive oversight of the executive branch. This bill contributes to  that effort, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   