 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Madam President, as the world knows by now, last Friday  night--I guess early in the morning on Saturday--we passed the Senate's  version of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the first major overhaul of our  Nation's tax system in more than 30 years.   I want to express my gratitude to Chairman Hatch, the chairman of the  Senate Finance Committee, who shepherded that bill through the  committee. I thank him for his leadership, as well as that of Chairman  Enzi, who led the reconciliation process in the Budget Committee. I  know it is a complex, convoluted, and arcane process, but we couldn't  have done it without both of those gentlemen.   I also commend our majority leader, Senator McConnell, and all of our  colleagues who worked together for proceeding with final passage and  for negotiating in good faith. I have said before, and I will say it  again, that one of the differences between this and healthcare reform  is that everyone, I believe, on our side of the aisle wanted to get to  yes, wanted to find a way to find a solution, and that goes a long way  to getting to a solution.   Last week, the majority leader rightfully referred to the process as  a once-in-a-generation opportunity, and he is right. I am glad we got  this bill across the finish line and will soon deliver to the American  people the tax relief they deserve. Notwithstanding some of the  propaganda that has been disseminated on this, the fact is, this bill  benefits Americans of all stripes, including low-income families.   Well, let me just start there. This bill doubles the standard  deduction, which means a married couple earning up to $24,000 will pay  zero tax on that $24,000 of earnings. Above that, we have raised the  child tax credit to $2,000 per child. The first $1,000 of that $2,000  is refundable. That means that even if you don't pay income taxes, if  you don't make enough money to pay income taxes, you will still get the  benefit of at least half of that child tax credit. It also reduces the  tax bracket for low-income families as well. The bill lowers the  current 15-percent rate and increases the child tax credit, both of  which help persons of modest means.   This bill also helps the broad middle class. Some of our colleagues  ran around like ``Chicken Little'' during the debate on this bill,  saying that eliminating certain deductions will disproportionately harm  hard-working families, but that is just not true. A family of four  earning the median income of about $73,000 will see their taxes cut by  nearly $2,200. That may be chickenfeed to some of the folks inside the  beltway, but that is real tax relief for hard-working, middle-class  families. We also preserve the home mortgage and charitable deductions,  and families will enjoy an enhanced child tax credit which, as I  mentioned earlier, along with the larger standard deduction, will help  them significantly.   Finally, this bill effectively repeals ObamaCare's individual  mandate. Some have called this a tax on the poor, which it is because  80 percent of the people who pay the tax or the mandate penalty earn  $50,000 or less, and that is because they can't afford to buy the  government-approved health insurance. So their own government, rather  than help them find affordable health coverage that suits their needs  that they can afford, mandates they buy a  [[Page S7812]]  policy they can't afford, and when they don't do it, then taxes them  with the individual mandate. We repealed that entirely, which will also  ensure more take-home pay for America's families.   For America's job creators, this lowers taxes from 35 percent to a  much more nationally competitive rate. What that means is, rather than  hiring people overseas and keeping that money overseas earned from  their labor, they will be now incentivized to bring it back to the  United States to build and to hire in America. Right now, we have the  highest tax rate in the industrialized world, 35 percent, when the  international average for the industrialized world is roughly about 22  percent. We are getting a little below that at 20 percent, and  together, with all the other advantages of doing business in America,  we believe there will be a flood of money that is repatriated to the  United States that is currently parked overseas, along with the jobs  and investment that will go along with that.   Now that the bill has passed the Senate, we will soon begin to  discuss the bill in a conference committee. This is how we reconcile  the differences between the House version and the Senate version. I  know there are a few items of concern and that the two versions of the  bill differ to some extent, but I feel confident that with the help of  Speaker Ryan and the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee,  Kevin Brady, we can reach an agreement quickly. It is important that we  do so, that we reconcile those differences as quickly as we can,  because we want to get this bill on the President's desk before  Christmas so the people we are targeting relief for--starting from  lower income Americans to the middle class, to America's job creators-- can begin to enjoy the benefits of the tax cuts and tax reform right  out of the gates in 2018.   It is true that our shared goals between the House and Senate are  much more important than the small differences in our approaches, and  these goals, as we have always agreed on, are increasing the paychecks  of American workers and getting the economy working again because,  unfortunately, it has become flat and stagnant.   The President has called tax reform rocket fuel, and I think that is  right. Our economy has already begun to take off. It is amazing what  the American economy will do when it is unleashed from overtaxation and  overregulation. We have already seen the consumer confidence at a 16- year high; the stock market is hitting historic highs; people are  anticipating the results of the rollback of excessive regulation during  the Obama administration and the reduction in taxes, creating a much  more competitive environment. It is exciting to see it beginning to  happen.   As I said, the GDP grew 3 percent this last quarter, but over the  last year it has been about 1.9 percent--so low that it is really not  creating new jobs and certainly not creating new investment here in the  United States. This tax reform and tax cut bill will change that. It  will keep the American motor running fast and smoothly.   Now, it is my sincere hope that those in the driver's seat, the  families and companies great and small, will reach destinations that  before maybe they only dreamed of because this is really what this  legislation is about. It is not about dollars and cents. It is not just  about taxes. It is not just about the government's relationship with  its own people, the people who are the heart and soul of this great  country. This is about America's standing in the world. Will we  continue to be the economic leader and the envy of the rest of the  world? Will we continue to be able to have the strongest military and  the ability to lead and keep the world safe, as opposed to creating  vacuums when we retreat? Those vacuums are then filled by the bullies,  tyrants, and dictators who certainly don't share our values.   I am excited about what we were able to accomplish last week, but we  are not done yet. We need to get this bill reconciled with the House  and put it on the President's desk so all Americans can enjoy the  benefits of this tax reform, whether it is a direct tax reduction from  their tax burden or being relieved from the onerous tax on poverty in  the individual mandate or enjoying the benefit of America's increased  competitiveness in the world and incentivizing businesses to invest,  hire, and improve wages right here in America. I am excited and  optimistic about what the future will hold once we get this on the  President's desk later this month.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Hatch), and the Senator from  Utah (Mr. Lee).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Hatch), and the Senator from  Utah (Mr. Lee).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Hatch), and the Senator from  Utah (Mr. Lee).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Hatch), and the Senator from  Utah (Mr. Lee).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Hatch), and the Senator from  Utah (Mr. Lee).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Hatch), and the Senator from  Utah (Mr. Lee).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Hatch), and the Senator from  Utah (Mr. Lee).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Corker), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Hatch), and the Senator from  Utah (Mr. Lee).   