 Mr. President, the last 8 years were really hard for a  lot of families. They have seen their wages stagnate and their benefits  not go up. Indeed, what they have been paying for health insurance and  flood insurance and many other things has risen even though their wages  have not. So the goal of this bill is to decrease taxes on those  middle-income, working families in order to give them the opportunity  to have better wages, better benefits, and to bring relief to  situations that are peculiar. Are they peculiar to Louisiana? No, they  are not peculiar to Louisiana, and I will elaborate on that in just a  second.   What could middle-class families in Louisiana do with better wages?  They could pay off debt. They could provide more for their children.  They could just live life a little bit more robustly and not have to,  perhaps, move out of one home and into another because they can no  longer afford the mortgage on the first. The goal of this is, first, to  bring tax relief to working families and middle-class families. It is  all part of an effort to cut taxes particularly for them.   Now let's talk about raising their wages. Folks want to have more  money in their take-home pay after taxes, but  [[Page S7240]]  they also want to have higher wages and better benefits. This bill  definitely creates that.   Our current Tax Code encourages companies to move overseas. When they  earn money overseas, they keep it there and build plants and factories  in other countries. They employ folks in other countries but do not  bring that money home, employ Americans, or raise wages or give better  benefits to those Americans. This changes that. Not only do we have tax  cuts for the middle class, for working families, but we also encourage  businesses to invest here, to create better paying jobs here.   I have heard some say: Well, wait a second. Unemployment is low now.  Why does it matter?   Now is the time when workers most benefit if there is investment that  creates more opportunity for those here in the United States. If there  is a worker who is a welder and if he can either work here or there,  businesses are going to bid for his services. They are going to pay  more to get him to work. As they do that, just from supply and demand,  wages will go up for the average American worker, for the average  American family. Benefits will rise for those families, and the  children of those families will have more opportunity. This is what  that is about.   There is another way in which we bring relief to those middle-income  families. Part of what we are doing here is repealing the mandate of  the Affordable Care Act. Americans hate the government's telling them  what to do. Yet, as part of the ObamaCare mandate, it tells someone:  Even if you cannot afford that insurance, even if you don't buy it, we  are going to make you pay a fine.   In 2015, more than 100,000 folks in Louisiana paid a fine for not  having health insurance, and 37 percent--almost 40 percent--of those  folks had an adjusted gross income of less than $25,000; 78 percent had  less than $50,000. Think about this. The families who report incomes of  $50,000 or less cannot afford insurance, and they are having to pay a  fine because they have not. They are not millionaires or billionaires.  These are families who are trying to make ends meet, who make a  decision because the exchange policies are too expensive for them to  buy, and now they are getting fined. This is part of the relief we are  bringing to those working families by getting rid of that mandate.   Lastly, there is another form of relief. Louisiana had its great  flood of 2016, which was similar to Maria, Irma, and Harvey, but this  was an unnamed storm that affected tens of thousands of people. Through  this bill, we bring disaster relief to the folks in Louisiana. They  will be able to deduct their losses from their incomes, which will  allow them to rebuild their homes and allow them to rebuild their  businesses. As they rebuild those businesses, it will allow them to  employ those who need jobs so that they may rebuild their homes and  their lives.   This bill will cut taxes for those families. It will increase their  wages and bring relief not only from economic stagnation but also from  a natural disaster that was one of the most expensive storms in our  Nation's history.   I am very pleased that this bill is advancing, and I look forward to  it being passed. I look forward, most of all, to the increased wages,  lower taxes, and the relief that it will bring to those families in  Louisiana.   I now yield the floor to the Senator from South Dakota.   