 Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise to join my colleagues in urging  the House to pass the continuing resolution before us. This is not the  course of action any of us would prefer, obviously, but the House  passed all 12 appropriations bills, and it was on the path to complete  action on appropriations before the start of fiscal year 2018, but our  ambition was overtaken by events, whether you want to blame the  ponderous pace of the Senate or time devoted to important issues like  ObamaCare or tax reform.   In any event, we need to pass this short-term continuing resolution  to prevent disruption of important governmental programs and create a  window in which budget caps discussions can occur.   All of us stand ready to conference our appropriations bills once a  debate on budget caps is resolved.   I want to emphasize how important it is for us to pass each of the 12  appropriations bills. It is important that each be enacted rather than  cherry-picking a few that may have the broadest support. It is  dangerous to allow any part of the government to run on CR autopilot  for a full year, when we have worked hard to include oversight  provisions and targeted funding reductions in our bills. All of these  would be lost with a yearlong CR.   And speaking about the programs in the Military Construction-VA bill,  which I chair, a full-year CR prevents DOD from starting 204 new  projects. This is the core of our MILCON program. Each year we  appropriate funding for hundreds of new projects. DOD can manage in a  short-term CR, but a full-year CR would be devastating.   On the VA side of our bill, while some of the VA programs are  advance-funded to prevent a government shutdown from cutting off  services to veterans, there are important new VA activities that would  be blocked by a full-year CR, like the new electronic health record VA  is unveiling, or the Choice Program, or its successor for care outside  the VA system.    Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ``yes'' for this short-term  measure to give us the time and tools we need to move forward on  passage of all 12 appropriations bills, and also to avert a government  shutdown. Again, I urge an affirmative vote on the CR.   