 Madam President, last year, Chairman Pai, of the Federal  Communications Commission, threatened to take a weed whacker to the  FCC's net neutrality rules. On December 14, Chairman Pai and the FCC  are likely to make good on that promise. Last week, they issued their  plan. They are quite proud of it. Chairman Pai is very proud of their  plan. They got that done last week. Then, on December 14, they are  going to execute their plan to execute the net neutrality rules of our  country.   Net neutrality applies the principles of nondiscrimination to the  internet world, ensuring that broadband providers--America's internet  gatekeepers--do not block, slow down, or prioritize internet traffic.  In 2015, the FCC correctly adopted the open internet order, enshrining  these net neutrality principles into law, but now net neutrality and  the free and open internet--this diverse, dynamic, democratic  platform--are under attack.   Here is what Chairman Pai is proposing. No. 1, he would gut the rule  against blocking. What does that mean? It means an internet service  provider could block any website it wants. It could block something  just because it decided to. That includes a website of a competing  service or a website with a contrary political view. Whatever they  want, they can block. The biggest companies--Comcast, AT&T--they can  just block it.   No. 2, Chairman Pai would gut the rule against throttling. What does  that mean? That means the internet service provider could slow down any  website it wants.   No. 3, Chairman Pai would gut the rule banning paid prioritization.  What does that mean in easy-to-understand language? That means the  internet service provider could charge websites for an internet fast  lane--meaning those websites would load quicker, while websites that  can't afford the internet ``EZ pass'' would be stuck on a gravel path,  taking more time to load and frustrating consumers with long buffering  times.   No. 4, Chairman Pai would gut the forward-looking general conduct  rule. What does that mean in easy-to-understand language? That means  whatever discriminatory conduct ISPs think of next in the coming months  or years would be perfectly legal.   No. 5, Chairman Pai would create an unregulated interconnection  market. What does that mean, an unregulated interconnected market? In  plain English, it means the Federal Communications Commission would  lose authority to oversee places where the internet service providers  connect to the internet and extract fees.   No. 6, Chairman Pai would prevent States and localities from adopting  their own net neutrality protections. If you live in Massachusetts or  you live in California or you live in Alabama,  [[Page S7325]]  your State can't give you any protections. They can't say: Here's how  we want the internet to be operating.   What will replace these enforceable net neutrality rules? Nothing.  Chairman Pai will leave it to the internet service providers--to the  big companies we all subscribe to--to regulate themselves. We will just  put them on the honor system. We know the broadband industry--your  cable, your wireless or telecommunications provider--cannot regulate  themselves. They struggle to even show up on time to install or fix  your service. Do we really trust the broadband industry to resist  leveraging their internet gatekeeper role and putting their online  competitors at an unfair disadvantage? Of course not.   What is Chairman Pai's silver lining in light of gutting all of these  rules? He has proposed to keep some transparency rules, requiring the  internet service providers--these broadband behemoths--to disclose  their practices to consumers. What good is transparency when most  Americans have little or no choice for high-speed broadband access?  After all, 62 percent of Americans have one choice for high-speed fixed  broadband. If a household's only choice for high-speed broadband is  transparent about its plans to set up internet fast and slow lanes, the  consumer has two choices: accept the internet provider's terms or live  without the internet. That is not a real choice at all. People are not  going to be living without the internet in the 21st century. You are  going to pay whatever that company tells you, you are going to pay.   It is clear that most Americans do not want what the FCC is  proposing. A record number of people--over 22 million--made their  voices heard at the FCC. Americans know the internet--the world's  greatest platform for commerce and communications--is at stake.  Consider that, today, essentially every company is an internet company.  In 2016, almost half of the venture capital funds invested in this  country went toward internet-specific and software companies. That is  $25 billion of investment. To meet America's insatiable demand for  broadband internet, U.S. broadband and telecommunications industry  companies invested more than $87 billion in capital expenditures in  2015. That is the highest rate of annual investment in the last 10  years.   We have hit the sweet spot. Investment in broadband and wireless  technologies is high. Job creation is high. Venture capital investment  in online startups is high. With these net neutrality protections in  place, there is no problem that needs fixing, but under Chairman Pai's  plan, broadband providers get exactly what they want--an unregulated  Wild West where they can set up internet fast and slow lanes.   Chairman Pai proposes to have the FCC completely abdicate its  rightful role to oversee telecommunications networks under title II of  the Communications Act. Chairman Pai claims that the FTC--the Federal  Trade Commission--provides a sufficient backstop to discriminatory  behavior by the big broadband companies. That is simply not true.   Under the Federal Trade Commission regime, the big broadband barons  would establish their own net neutrality policies, and if the internet  service provider wants to block websites, slow down the competitors'  content, or charge innovators and entrepreneurs to reach their  customers, they will be free to do so. That is because the Federal  Trade Commission can only step in if a broadband provider violates its  own net neutrality policies, but what if the internet service provider  has a written policy that charges websites for internet fast lanes?  There is nothing the Federal Trade Commission can do about it because  the broadband baron told you what they are going to do. They were  transparent about what they were going to do, but you just have no  recourse whatsoever going to the Federal Trade Commission. It is a  false promise of protection that Chairman Pai is presenting.   The only way to protect a free and open internet is with strong net  neutrality rules of the road, not voluntary guidelines. Chairman Pai's  proposal would put the future of a free and open internet in the hands  of big corporations and the powerful few at the expense of ordinary  consumers all across our country. Our consumers will be tipped upside  down and have money shaken out of their pockets because they will not  have the protection of net neutrality provisions that are now the law  but are soon to be wiped off of the law.   The Trump administration is waging an all-out assault on our core  protections: the Affordable Care Act, the Paris climate accord, the  Clean Power Plan. Now Trump's Federal Communications Commission has net  neutrality in their sights. For all of those who rely on the free and  open internet--whether it is for commerce, education, healthcare,  entertainment--I urge you all to rise up and create a firestorm of  opposition to this assault on net neutrality. This goes to the  fundamental principles of nondiscrimination online. This is the  greatest engine for commercial job development our country has ever  seen. It is the engine for new companies to be started. It is the way  in which young people are able to disrupt established companies, to  take new concepts that create jobs but also benefit consumers across  our country. That is the opportunity this represents, and it is also a  powerful force for democracy, for everyone's voice being heard equally.  That is what net neutrality is about. That is what the Trump-Chairman  Pai Federal Communications Commission is about to end, and that is why  we must fight. That is why I am so proud to be standing as part of this  effort with our great ranking member of the Commerce Committee, Senator  Bill Nelson from the State of Florida, because this is a fight worth  having.   I yield the remainder of my time.   