 Mr. Chairman, the national debt is a staggering $20  trillion. We are handcuffing future generations with what--if we don't  take action--will become an unsurmountable fiscal crisis. This budget  resolution before us today is a step toward putting our Nation back on  a sustainable fiscal path. But even more, it will lead to greater  prosperity and opportunity for American families and generations to  come.   My own experience as a 17-year-old, I had the good fortune to be able  to buy a small construction company from my older brother for $1,000  when I was fresh out of high school. Through a lot of hard work and a  dedicated team of individuals, we were able to grow that company,  employing over 150 people with family-sustaining jobs, family- sustaining wages.   That is what we call the American Dream. There are countless stories  like that: the idea that we can begin with little or nothing, work  hard, play by the rules, and achieve our dreams.   Unfortunately, in today's economic environment, for many, the  American Dream seems out of reach.   Mr. Chair, that is why this budget is so important. Not only will it  put us on a sustainable fiscal path, but it lays out the path forward  for tax reform that will give American families the opportunity to  improve their lives.   Consider a constituent that I spoke to this week. This particular  constituent is a single father of 5 in Lancaster County. He asked me if  our tax plan means more money in his paycheck. Now, he makes it work  today, but it is difficult for him, and he could use some help. This is  exactly the kind of hardworking American we are trying to help with our  reforms.    Americans deserve this budget because it lets us pass tax reform to  help families like the one I just described. They deserve it because  too many Americans today do everything right but still struggle to make  ends meet. Americans deserve it because they should have a more honest  Federal Tax Code and a simplified filing process that allows them to  spend more time with their family, to save for their children's college  fund, or to plan for their retirement.   Passing this budget helps to make these things possible, and I  strongly urge my colleagues in this Chamber to support it.   