 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for  bringing this budget resolution to the floor.   Mr. Chairman, ObamaCare has failed the American people. And if you go  back to the beginning, it was created with a series of lies to the  American people. We all remember: if you like what you have, you can  keep it. How has that worked out for millions of Americans who lost the  plans that they liked and now cannot keep that plan?   What about the promise, Mr. Chairman, that premiums would go down by  $2,500? President Obama made that claim. And today, in States all  across the Nation, you are seeing premiums go up, on average, 25  percent, and that is on top of double-digit increases every single year  ObamaCare has been in effect.   This law is not working. It is failing families. It is costing jobs  across our economy. It is time to repeal this law and actually replace  it with reforms that put patients back in charge of their medical  decisions with their doctors. What a great concept that would be.   It is about time we focus on lowering the cost of health care and  giving people real choices. In so many markets across the country--and  it is a growing number--families have only one choice for health care  now because ObamaCare has forced so many people out of the marketplace,  which means you as a family don't have any choices, because one choice  means it is a monopoly. And you wonder why the costs are skyrocketing.   Mr. Chairman, this should not be about preserving somebody's legacy.  It should be about fulfilling those promises to the American people  that were broken. And we are here to fulfill that promise--how  refreshing it is that you have people that ran for years saying we are  going to repeal ObamaCare--with a President who is ready to sign the  bill to repeal ObamaCare.   Today, just in the second week of this new Congress, we are taking  the first step to fulfill that promise to the American people, to put  their healthcare decisions back in their hands with costs that they can  afford, and real choices that work for all Americans.   