 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this  time, and I rise today in support of Kate's Law and No Sanctuary for  Criminals Act. These important bills represent an important step  towards keeping Americans safe.   Yesterday, I participated in a roundtable discussion at the White  House with the President and family members of individuals who were  murdered by criminal illegal immigrants.   The stories I heard were heartbreaking. Sadly, they are not uncommon.  See, when I was mayor of Hazleton, I sat with the victims' families and  listened to their stories. These stories have changed my life.   Everyone talks about the illegal immigrant, but very seldom do we  ever talk about the victims. I sat with the family of Derek Kichline, a  29-year-old Hazleton city man and father of three young children who  was murdered by the head of the Latin Kings while working on his pickup  truck in his driveway.   Derek's killer was arrested and let go in New York City, a sanctuary  city.   I also talked with the father of Carly Snyder, a beautiful 21-year- old girl who was studying to be a veterinarian. Her father told me that  Carly was brutally stabbed 37 times and murdered by her next door  neighbor. She had knife wounds on the palms of her hand and knife  wounds in her back as she died on the kitchen floor.   An illegal immigration and Federal fugitive with a long history of  gang violence and drug use killed Carly.  [[Page H5337]]  Carly's killer was apprehended trying to cross the southern border but  was released on $5,000 bond and disappeared into the United States  until one day he showed up at Carly Snyder's doorstep.   I have never forgotten these stories. I understand that there is  nothing that we can do to bring these people back. I know there is  nothing we can do to relieve the pain that their families still feel.   But by passing these bills, we can prevent these crimes from  happening to other families. Let me be clear: violent crimes committed  by illegal immigrants are preventable. The illegal immigrant who  committed these violent crimes should not have been present in this  country and certainly should not have been walking around free. Too  many mayors and local governments think that they are above Federal  law, and we have a chance to change that today.   We can send a clear message to the American people that their  government is serious about keeping them safe. I thank the President  today for standing up for the victims of these preventable crimes, and  I urge all of my colleagues to do the same by voting ``yes'' on these  important bills.   This is a test of the willingness of Congress to stand for families  across this country who have lost loved ones to crimes committed by  criminals who had no business being in this country in the first place.  It is time that we side with the victims like Derek Kichline, Carly  Snyder, and Kate Steinle instead of criminals.   