 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, it is with both profound sadness and deep gratitude that  I rise to pay tribute to a fallen decorated American hero. On March 19,  2017, Sergeant First Class Robert R. Boniface of the 7th Special Forces  Group, located in my district, tragically lost his life in support of  Operation Freedom's Sentinel.   Sergeant First Class Boniface was 34 years old--my age--but he lived  a lifetime marked by full service. Sergeant First Class Boniface  entered the Army in March 2006. After infantry basic training and  advanced individual training at Fort Benning, Georgia, he attended  airborne school before being assigned to the Special Warfare Center and  School. Sergeant First Class Boniface completed the Special Forces  Qualification Course earning his green beret in 2010. He was assigned  then to the 7th Special Forces Group.   Sergeant First Class Boniface's awards and decorations include: two  Bronze Star Medals, the Army Commendation Medal, two Army Good Conduct  Medals, the National Defense Service Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign  Medal with two Campaign Stars, the Global War on Terrorism Service  Medal, three Noncommissioned Officer Professional Development Ribbons,  the Army Service Ribbon, the NATO Medal, the Special Forces Tab, the  Combat Infantryman Badge, the Special Forces Combat Diver Badge, and  the Parachutist Badge.   Mr. Speaker, there are no words that I, this body of Congress, or the  Nation can say that might ease the bereavement of the Boniface family.  All I can say is that on behalf of a humble and grateful nation, we  thank them for the love, counsel, and support given to Robert during  his life, which helped make him a hero, both in uniform and as a  father.   His life stands as a testament that freedom is not free. His legacy  will echo in time as an example of the ultimate sacrifice for all free  people. I pray that God will be with Robert's wife, Rebekah; his  daughter, Mia; and all of their family and friends during this time of  great mourning.   Mr. Speaker, may God continue to bless the United States of America.   