 Mr. President, today is a good day. We have both the House  and the Senate working on tax reform that will have a positive impact  for everyday, hard-working Americans. This is truly a good day.   So often when you hear us talk about tax reform, it sounds like a lot  of numbers. I am not sure how excited or enamored people get with  numbers, but I am the kind of guy who believes tax reform is not about  numbers. Tax reform is about everyday Americans being able to keep more  of their hard-earned money.   Tax reform is about families like the one I grew up in--single-parent  households, working paycheck to paycheck, year in and year out, praying  and hoping for something good to happen. Today is good news for those  single moms and single dads out there.   It is also good news for the working-class families--dual income-- making around $75,000 a year, working every day, trying to make sure  they have a little left over for dinner out.   We want to say to those folks who haven't really had a raise in a  decade: We hear you. We feel your pain. We want to deliver to your  American family the opportunity to see more money in each paycheck.  This is good.   And for folks who are looking to start businesses, we have a  Christmas surprise for you too.   We have lowered taxes on the average family about $1,500 a year--$100  or so a month. Here is what that means. For a family where you are in a  single-parent household, you bring home about $450 a paycheck. That  could easily become an extra 10 percent per paycheck. That is a lot of  money to a single-parent household.   We have also expanded the child tax credit to make sure that those  folks in the middle-income brackets are able to keep more of that hard- earned money. If there is a focus on our tax reform package, it is to  make sure that middle America--hard-working income earners--have a  chance to see more money materialize in their paychecks.   We have also simplified the Tax Code. People say: Well, how did you  do that? There are seven brackets. I understand. It is simple.  Simplification means you do not have to itemize. Said differently, 9  out of 10 taxpayers will be able to use the expanded standard deduction  to figure out their tax burden, as opposed to going item by item by  item and understanding whether you can withdraw it or subtract it from  your income.   I had the great pleasure to be a small business owner before entering  Congress. Many small business owners represent the backbone of our  economy. Most jobs created in the future will be created by a small  business owner. We are going to lower your taxes so that you can hire  more people and make long-term investments in building the greatest  economy this country has known in more than a generation.   This is a good day, and we have good news.   