 Thank you, Mr. President.   It is really a simple proposition and it is a scary one. As soon as  this legislation is enacted, internet service providers can collect  your browsing data and sell it without your permission. Right now there  is a lot of conversation about who has jurisdiction, the FTC or the  FCC, and who is more appropriate to govern internet privacy, whether  this should be public sector or private sector, but the basic question  is this for the pending legislation, Should ISPs, your internet service  provider, be allowed to collect your browsing data without your  permission and sell it? I think the answer for 98 percent of the public  is a resounding no.   Right now there is a single Federal agency that has the authority to  protect consumers and their privacy when it comes to data collected by  ISPs, and that is the FCC, the Federal Communications Commission, but  the Republicans are proposing that the Congress strip the FCC's ability  to protect your privacy, and when they succeed, the American people  will lose the very few Federal protections they have when it comes to  online privacy.   Think about how much of your life is on line today--banking, health,  your interactions with your kids, your kids' interactions with other  kids. It is incredibly personal, and it is not just confidential  information in a traditional sense or in a legal sense, it is really a  complete picture of everything you are. That is why this is worth  fighting about. It is worth protecting. That is why the FCC made these  rules--to recognize that we live so much of our lives online and that  in a lot of instances we don't really feel like we have a choice about  whether we are going to engage in a contract to get broadband service.  That is a necessity for many of us. Consumers deserve some basic  protections, not only do the Republicans want to get rid of the FCC  rule that basically says an ISP cannot collect your data and sell it  for commercial purposes, but they want to do it in a way that will  ensure that no Federal agency, not a single one, will have jurisdiction  over privacy for consumers using broadband. They are trying to take the  referee off the playing field and for good.   The problem is very simple. There are actually two agencies that  could have jurisdiction over privacy online, but there was a Ninth  Circuit Court decision that made a ruling that removes the jurisdiction  of the Federal Trade Commission over online privacy in the broadband  space. So of the two agencies, the FTC and FCC, the FTC, according to  this Federal court, no longer has jurisdiction. Now it is on the FCC's  [[Page S1936]]  side of the house, but if we repeal the FCC rule, the way the  Congressional Review Act runs is that it will prevent us from ever  addressing something ``substantially similar'' again. This isn't about  agreeing or disagreeing with this rule. This isn't about whether you  think the FCC or FTC ought to appropriately deal with this. This isn't  a question about whether you think we should exercise our prerogatives  in the public or private sectors. This is about whether you think  nobody should have jurisdiction over your privacy online.   So what is the solution here?   Well, we should work with private sector leaders, the FCC, and the  FTC to find a comprehensive approach to privacy online. That is what  this legislative body should be doing. Instead of aggressively digging  into this issue on behalf of consumers, we are actually blowing up the  only thing we have, which is this FCC rule. To repeat, by using the  Congressional Review Act, Republicans are forever preventing the FCC  from protecting your privacy if you use broadband.   I want to end by noting that 55 years ago this month, President  Kennedy gave a seminal speech about consumer rights. He spoke about the  march of technology, how it had outpaced old laws and regulations, and  how fast that progress had occurred. He noted that in just a few  decades supermarkets went from carrying 1,500 products to more than  6,000, doctors wrote 90 percent of their prescriptions for drugs that  no one had even heard of 20 years before, but let's fast forward to the  present day, and we have blown those numbers out of the water. The  average supermarket carries 40,000 products; in 2015 alone, the FDA  approved 51 new drugs; and of course we now have the internet, which in  the United States grew from 148 million users to nearly 240 million in  just 15 years. The next nonincremental change in technology in our  lives will be the internet of things, in which we will have tens of  billions of devices connected to each other and interacting with us  whether we like it or not. So the march of technology goes on, but what  stays the same is the bedrock principle that President Kennedy  outlined; that consumers have the right to be safe, they have the right  to be informed, they have the right to choose, and they have the right  to be heard. Those rights are in jeopardy. The FCC took a small but  important step, and now the Republicans are blowing that up.   Let me be clear. This is the single biggest step backward for online  privacy in many years, and we have failed the American people when it  comes to their privacy. We should be staring this problem in the face,  but what we are doing tonight and tomorrow is making it worse. That is  why I will vote no, and I will urge my colleagues to vote no on this  resolution.   I yield the floor.   