 Mr. President, I thank my friend from Missouri, and the  Senate, for giving me this opportunity to speak. I rise to speak in  opposition to the nomination of Representative Mick Mulvaney to be  Director of the Office of Management and Budget.   Congressman Mulvaney represents the latest of President Trump's  broken promises to the American people. In this case, it is President  Trump's campaign promise to protect Social Security, and Congressman  Mulvaney is the man who will lead the charge. The Office of Management  and Budget, OMB, as it is called, is like that group of scientists in  the movie ``Apollo 13'' who have to figure out how to bring the  spacecraft home with only a few items found in a couple of boxes. In  the movie, they describe it as fitting a square peg in a round hole. In  government, we call it the Federal budget.   The crucial role of OMB and the development of the Federal budget  means that the Director often has the final word on the priorities of  our Federal agencies. The Director must be someone who will approach  the enormity of the Federal Government in a thoughtful and deliberative  manner. They must be able to consider how the budget will impact the  everyday lives of all Americans. Representative Mulvaney's support for  reckless, across-the-board cuts demonstrates that he is not up to this  challenge.   Donald Trump campaigned on the promise that he would make no cuts to  the Social Security safety net. That means no cuts to Social Security,  Medicare, and Medicaid. Congressman Mulvaney's nomination shows that,  despite what candidate Trump may have said, President Trump intends to  do just the opposite. This is not what millions of people voted for.  Mick Mulvaney's nomination has Americans across the country fearful for  their futures, and they have every right to be scared.   Congressman Mulvaney represents an immediate threat to Social  Security. He represents a threat to the 1.2 million seniors in  Massachusetts who currently rely on Social Security. He represents a  threat to the millions more who expect the program to be  [[Page S1185]]  there when they retire in coming years.   Mick Mulvaney has attempted to declare Social Security  unconstitutional and has referred to the program as a Ponzi scheme.  Well, Social Security is not a Ponzi scheme. Social Security is not a  handout. Social Security is a promise we make to America's seniors  after decades of hard work. It is the commitment we made to those who  built this Nation, fought in wars, and provided for their families.  Seniors pay into the system throughout their working lives, and they  expect it to be there for them when they retire. We need to keep that  promise.   Social Security is not just a line in the budget. It is a lifeline  for millions of Americans.   In Massachusetts, the program keeps 295,000 people above the poverty  line. Across the country, more than 15 million elderly Americans are  able to live out their lives and not be driven into poverty because  they have a Social Security check. That is what it does for 15 million  Americans. Seniors will have nowhere to turn if President Trump and  Representative Mulvaney have their way and Social Security ceases to  exist. Congressman Mulvaney has repeatedly suggested raising the Social  Security retirement age to 70 years old. Let me repeat that. Mick  Mulvaney wants grandma and grandpa to wait until they are 70 years  old--that is 4 years older than the current retirement age--before they  can call upon the benefits they deserve.    Not only does Mick Mulvaney want to make it so Americans have to work  longer, he wants them to receive less when they finally do retire. At  his Budget Committee hearing, Mick Mulvaney said that he himself was  willing to be subject to these new rules, since they might require him  to work a couple of extra months before retirement and require his  children to work until they are 70.   Nothing could be more out of touch with working-class, blue-collar  workers across our country. I have no doubt that Mick Mulvaney would be  able to work a few extra years in his current role as a Congressman or  Director of OMB or a great job that he would get after those  responsibilities, but what about millions of construction workers,  carpenters, waitresses, gardeners, busdrivers, and others with  physically demanding jobs? My father, a milkman--how many years can you  work being a milkman? You have to go until you are 70 to receive a  Social Security benefit in this country in the future? That is the  challenge we have. We ask milkmen, we ask 69-year-old construction  workers to lay cement in blistering summer heat because Social Security  is no longer there when it is promised. Do we expect a 68-year-old  window washer to climb the scaffolding every day when they cannot  afford to retire without their Social Security benefits? We should not  balance the budget on their backs. That is just plain wrong.   Raising the Social Security retirement age is just one of many of  President Trump's broken promises. He also wants to cut Medicare and  the health care of millions of Americans. Congressman Mulvaney looks  ready to do the President's bidding as well.   Congressman Mulvaney has said we need to end Medicare as we know it  and supported House Speaker Paul Ryan's destructive ideas to turn  Medicare into a voucher program. Congressman Mulvaney went even further  saying that those efforts did not go far enough. Those kinds of cuts to  Medicare would be nothing short of a disaster for the 55 million  Americans enrolled in the program, including the more than 1 million  individuals in Massachusetts who rely on Medicare for their health care  needs.   Seniors deserve an OMB Director who will protect their health care,  not put it on the chopping block. We know Congressman Mulvaney is  deeply committed to these misguided ideas because we have seen how far  he is willing to go to support them. He was one of the few key  cheerleaders of the Republican government shutdown in 2013. He was  willing to put millions of American families, businesses, and services  at risk in order to defund the Affordable Care Act.   That shutdown cost the United States more than $24 billion. At that  time, Congressman Mulvaney said it was good policy. He said it was all  worth it in order to prove a point. That simply is irresponsible. That  kind of recklessness has no place in the Office of Management and  Budget. Congressman Mulvaney also does not believe in raising the debt  limit.   Back in 2011, he put the economy at risk when Republicans held our  debt limit hostage. He put the full faith and credit of the United  States in danger by his willingness to allow the Treasury to default.  That would have wreaked havoc on the financial markets and could have  destabilized our entire economy, but Congressman Mulvaney dismissed  these concerns and called the potential breach of the debt limit a  fabricated crisis. Nothing could be more fiscally irresponsible and  further from the truth.   Congressman Mulvaney is not the type of leadership Americans expect  in their government, and he is not the type of leadership needed to  direct the Office of Management and Budget. Strong leadership is  especially crucial at the Office of Management and Budget, where  responsible oversight of the regulatory process is a requirement of the  Director's job. The individual in charge must be willing to make fair  determinations based on facts and evidence.   Congressman Mulvaney's record gives me no confidence that he will  meet this standard. Congressman Mulvaney also dismisses accepted  science and rejects established facts. He has stated global warming is  based on questionable science and has outright dismissed the threat  that climate change imposes on the planet. OMB oversees agencies' use  of the social cost of carbon, the Federal metric that assigns a dollar  value for future damages to each ton of carbon dioxide emitted into the  atmosphere. We need an OMB Director who accepts the consequences of  climate change because it will be the most vulnerable in our society  who will pay the highest price if we ignore climate science and the  danger it poses, not only to our own country but to the rest of the  planet.    Our country faces serious challenges that require the careful and  nonpartisan allocation of resources. We need a Director of the Office  of Management and Budget who will hear the concerns of all Americans,  not promote dangerous fiscal ideologies. Congressman Mulvaney has  indicated that he will approach our budget with an ax, and it will be  our seniors who will be first on the chopping block. I do not believe  he is qualified to lead the Office of Management and Budget.   I do so remembering 1981 and 1982. Ronald Reagan arrived, and Ronald  Reagan had a very simple plan for America. He was going to do three  things fundamentally; No. 1, massive tax cuts for the wealthiest and  biggest corporations in America; No. 2, simultaneously increasing  defense spending massively; No. 3, to simultaneously pledge that he was  going to balance the budget while unleashing massive economic growth in  our country.   What he did then was to put together a team that had a remarkable  ability to harness voluminous amounts of information to defend that  knowingly erroneous premise. You cannot say you are heading toward  balancing the budget if you are simultaneously saying: I am going to  give massive tax breaks to those who need them the least and massive  defense increases, which are going to further lead to Federal  expenditures, because then you have to turn and you have to cut  programs. You have to cut Medicare. You have to cut Social Security.  You have to cut the EPA. You have to cut Head Start. You have to cut  food stamps. You have to cut programs for the poorest. You have to cut  all of those investments in science in the future. You have to cut and  cut and cut.   That really was not the goal because ultimately Ronald Reagan just  retreated from the cuts because the pressure came from across America,  but he had accomplished his principal goal, which was the massive  defense increases and the tax cuts for the wealthy because that was the  real agenda all along.   So there is a great book, ``The Triumph of Politics: Why the Reagan  Revolution Failed,'' by David Stockman. He was the head of OMB for  Ronald Reagan back in the early 1980s. He wrote a book in 1986 about  his experiences with this failed economic philosophy. It is a  blistering, scalding indictment of what they tried to do in 1981  [[Page S1186]]  and 1982. He wrote this as a warning to the future, about why we should  not try to repeat what Reagan tried to do in 1981 and 1982.   What he talks about in the book is this. The same kind of made-up  numbers to put a Panglossian--rose-colored glasses--the most optimistic  projection on what would happen to our economy if we had these massive  tax cuts and increases in defense spending, while pretending that we  were going to do all of these other things, which actually never did  occur.   So he said, because the numbers did not add up, they had to engage in  a lot of fiscal chicanery. What he did was he constructed two little  separate categories. No. 1, he called it the magic asterisk. The magic  asterisk was this attempt to avoid ever specifically having to itemize  all of the budget cuts that would cause a revolution in America because  they knew they could not put that list out.   So they called it a magic asterisk--cuts to be named later, programs  to be cut later. We all know the names of those programs--Medicare,  Medicaid, education, Environmental Protection Agency, Head Start, all  the way down the line--but we will just hide the ball on that.   Secondly, he constructed another idea, he said, which was also  fraudulent, which was called ``rosy scenario.'' What they would do is,  they would put together a group of economists who would then, using  completely bogus projections for the future, project massive economic  growth. That is what Donald Trump talks about now: Oh, we will see  growth that you have never seen before in the history of mankind--rosy  scenario.   There is no economic data to back it up, but that is just how much  Trump is trying to model himself after this attempt in 1981 and 1982 to  sell the exact same bill of goods, which collapsed, by the way. They  collapsed like a house of cards economically because it did not add up.  You cannot have a magic asterisk for all of these cuts that are never  going to happen because ultimately the Democrats are going to back down  the Republicans.   We are going to back them down on cutting Medicare. We are going to  back them down on cutting education. We are going to back them down on  cutting the budget for all of these great programs. We are going to  have this battle. They already know it, but it is not going to stop  them in terms of the first two programs, the tax cuts and the defense  increases. They are going to still try to ram them through. That just  creates bigger and bigger and bigger deficits.   The only way they can get away with it is if they can project massive  economic growth in our country, which is the ``rosy scenario.'' Then  you have a bunch of economists who are kind of supply-siders who kind  of look back at the 1980s and ask: Can't we go back to the Reagan era  again and repeat that?   You don't want to repeat it. The guy who put the program together  said: Please don't do that again. Please don't do that again. He said  here: Ronald Reagan chose not to be a leader but a politician, and in  doing so, showed why passion and imperfection, not reason and doctrine,  rule the world. ``His obstinacy,'' said David Stockman, ``was destined  to keep America's economy hostage to the errors of his advisers for a  long, long time.''    Mark Twain used to say that ``history doesn't repeat itself, but it  does tend to rhyme.'' So, yes, this isn't exactly like Ronald Reagan in  1981 and 1982, but it rhymes with 1981 and 1982. It rhymes with it.  They are trying to argue economics like lawyers, right? Politicians, PR  people. Sell the bill of goods. Donald Trump calls it ``truthful  hyperbole,'' like when he is selling a piece of property. Well, the  United States is not a piece of property. The American economy is not a  piece of property. It is the central organizing principle for all of  the hopes and all of the dreams of every person who lives in our  country.   You cannot allow for knowingly false premises to be advanced, and  that is what Congressman Mulvaney will represent in this entire process  if he is confirmed as the new head of the Office of Management and  Budget. He represents someone who is going to reach back into time to  this era which has already been shown to have completely failed and  repeat the exact same experiment again. The American people just can't  run the risk because ultimately the economic catastrophe--the impact on  ordinary families--would be so great that ultimately we would look back  and say that this Senate failed, that we did not discharge our  responsibilities to those families.   So from my perspective, I stand out here knowing that once again we  are faced with this prospect of repeating David Stockman's book ``The  Triumph of Politics: Why the Reagan Revolution Failed'' and knowing  that when Donald Trump said: Oh, don't worry, I am going to take care  of you, ordinary Americans; you are going to get the biggest tax  breaks--they are not. That is not his plan.   Oh, don't worry. I am going to give you better healthcare. I am going  to give you more coverage for your families.   That is not going to happen. That is not his plan.   I am going to give you cleaner air and cleaner water. It is going to  be the best. It is going to be the greatest.   That is not going to happen.   It is the triumph of politics. It is the triumph of the special  interests, of the oil and gas industry, of the defense establishment  that wants bigger and more contracts, of the wealthiest who want big  tax breaks. It is the triumph of politics--the politics of the most  powerful, of the wealthiest, of the most entrenched. That is what this  Trump administration is already about, and they are going to continue  to say: Don't worry. Your healthcare will be better. Your air will be  cleaner. Your children will be safer. Social Security will be  protected.   But then who gets named to run the Office of Management and Budget?  Somebody who wants to raise the retirement age to 70; someone who wants  to fundamentally change Medicare as we know it; somebody who has an  agenda that looks a lot like 1981 and 1982 in the Reagan years, very  much like it.   So is there anything new here? No. Is this just a sales job, a con  job? Yes. Because when you pull back the covers and you look at what is  about to unfold, it is something that is going to be very destructive  of our economy. It is going to further income inequality across our  country. It is going to reduce opportunity for every child in our  country. Rather than democratizing access to opportunity through  healthcare and education, they are going to work systematically to  undermine those opportunities, to reduce the chances that they can  maximize their God-given abilities.   That is why this nomination is so important, because the OMB controls  the Federal budget. That is all the hopes and all the dreams. That is  where the money goes. Who gets it? What are the incentives?   Right now, once again, Donald Trump is embracing Ronald Reagan's  trickle-down economics: the more money you give to the people who are  already rich, the more it will trickle down to ordinary folks.   We don't hear him saying: Oh, don't worry, the overwhelming majority  of these tax breaks are going to go to the blue-collar people in our  country. You are not going to hear him say that. And when you look at  all the proposals they have made, it always goes to the corporations,  it always goes to the upper 1 or 2 percentile.   Those promises he made are just the same as David Stockman's and  Ronald Reagan's back in 1981 and 1982--identical almost down to the  final detail--and are just as guaranteed to fail.   We have Congressman Mulvaney who has been nominated. And give him  credit--he is actually honest about what he believes. He is actually  very clear in his explanation of what the goals are going to be for our  country if he is confirmed and can partner with Donald Trump to  implement this agenda. We give him credit for his honesty, but it is  only honesty in saying that he is going to defend a set of economic  assumptions that are completely and totally fallacious and have already  been disproved in the marketplace--the political marketplace.   So all I can say here is that it would be reckless of the Senate to  deliver over to the American people once again someone whose intent is  to try to take this formula which gathers voluminous amounts of  information to defend knowingly erroneous premises.  [[Page S1187]]    You cannot have massive tax cuts and massive increases in defense  spending and balance the budget without killing all of these programs  that almost every American family relies on, beginning with Social  Security and Medicare and Medicaid, education programs, all the way  down. We can't do it.   So that is why we are fighting out here. We are fighting to make sure  we don't repeat the same history we have already lived through.   By the time Reagan reached near the end of his career, guess what he  did. He changed and began to acclimate himself to reality. He began to  accept, through a group of new advisers, the actual impact his initial  policies were having. And that is all we are trying to do right now. We  are trying to start out where we are going to be forced to wind up  anyway. Why not do that since we have already learned the lesson? Why  not have those lessons of the past be implemented? But no. They are  committed to a repetition syndrome, a reenactment of what has already  occurred, rather than a reconciliation with history, learning from it  and then trying to move forward in a way which is wise, protective of  every American.   I stand here to oppose Congressman Mulvaney's nomination for the  Office of Management and Budget. I do not believe it would be a good  thing for our country, for our economy. This is just too dangerous a  roll of the dice with our entire Nation. So I say to the Senate, please  vote to reject this nomination, and ask the President to nominate  someone who does reflect the best economic values that our country has.   With that, I yield to the Senator from Washington State, Mrs. Murray.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   