 Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the chairman of the  committee for his spectacular work on this bill.   Look, this bill provides much-needed relief and resources to Texas,  Florida, the U.S. Virgin Islands, California, and Puerto Rico. I have  heard a lot in this debate, but let's be very clear. This bill treats  Florida, the folks in Florida, Texas, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin  Islands, and California exactly the same--exactly the same.   Significant portions, Mr. Speaker, of my district were hit hard by  Hurricane Irma. Communities are still working to get back on their  feet, communities like Everglades City, Chokoloskee, Plantation Island,  Immokalee, and Montura Ranch.   This bill helps meet our Federal obligation to ensure the full,  appropriate Federal commitment is there for long-term recovery.   Mr. Speaker, for highways, this bill funds repairs for the 2017  storms and clears the backlog of prior years.   On the housing side, this bill provides $26.1 billion for Community  Development Block Grants. Of that, $13.6 billion is provided to meet  all remaining unmet housing, business, and infrastructure needs for  those hurricanes, and, yes, that includes the Virgin Islands and Puerto  Rico.   The remaining $12.5 billion is provided for mitigation grants, again,  also to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and Florida and California  and Texas. All of those are treated exactly the same. So, again, these  grants provide resources to our communities so that they can rebuild.   Additionally, I am pleased that $3.8 billion is allocated for the  Department of Agriculture. This will go a long way to help those  affected, those farmers, like the ag industry and the citrus industry  in the State of Florida.   So, again, I strongly urge a ``yes'' vote on this important  supplemental.   I once again want to thank the chairman, Chairman Frelinghuysen, for  his leadership, for his courage, for bringing forward a good bill that  helps the folks in our country and that treats everybody equally,  equitably, and fairly.   