 Mr. President, I wish to add my words to those that have  been said.   Let me begin by saying that the achievement of this tax proposal is  not about anyone in this Chamber; it is about the working families who  for the last 8 years have not done so well. They have either lost their  jobs or their wages have been flat and their benefits have not improved  or, indeed, the cost of those benefits have risen dramatically. I can  say, with the Tax Cut and Jobs Act that is being introduced today, they  will increase their take-home pay, they will have higher wages, and  they will have a better life.   Now let's talk about how that would be. How will these working  families improve?   The Presiding Officer, the Senator from Ohio, mentioned in his  remarks that businesses will have money to invest. There will be  competition for workers. And if there is competition for workers, then  workers are paid more. They are given better benefits. What do those  better benefits and better wages mean? It means they can invest more in  their family, in their children's future, and that, in turn, will  change their family's life for generations to come.   So on behalf of those working families, I echo Chairman Hatch, that  if there is a suggestion by anyone that can make this better, I ask  them to bring that suggestion forward because this is not about  Republicans, this is not about Democrats, this is not about  [[Page S7145]]  anybody in this Chamber; it is about those working families who, for  the last 8 years, have not done as well as the American dream would say  they should.   On behalf of those working families, I congratulate Chairman Hatch  for this job. I look forward to the passage of this bill, and I look  forward to all of the benefits of this bill coming to help the families  of this country and in my State of Louisiana.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   