 Mr. Speaker, I have a privileged resolution at the desk.    Yes, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the  privileges of the House and those affecting the rights of the House,  its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings, that is the  section we are talking about here today when we are talking about  privilege.   Mr. Speaker, truly, there is nothing more of a threat to the very  integrity of the legislative branch in the House than ignoring our duty  to provide a check and balance on the executive branch.   To restore the dignity of the House inherent in rule IX, clause 1, we  absolutely must use our authority to request that President Trump's tax  returns are given to the American people. The American people demand to  know the full scope of the President's financial background because  there are legitimate concerns which, frankly, were worsened this very  week by the hearing in the Select Intelligence Committee where the FBI  and NSA testified there is an ongoing investigation to determine if  there was coordination between the President's campaign and Russia.   The Internal Revenue Code already has language that lays out a path  for the Ways and Means Committee to obtain those tax returns and review  them in a respectful manner; and, frankly, there is precedent for that  provision being used. Fifty-one tax returns of Americans were requested  the last time they used it.   The House needs to demonstrate that our Members are listening to the  valid concerns about the integrity of the Republic. The House needs to  show that we care about protecting our Constitution and our system of  checks and balances.   When I look at the language, the privileges of the House, those  affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity,  and the integrity of its proceedings, I can see nothing that fits that  language more than this motion before you today.   Let's shine a light on the President's conflicts so we, as a  Congress, and the American people can judge what is occurring, where  the conflicts lie, whether his decisions are being made for himself or  his business interests or foreign interests or for the greater good of  the American people.   I call upon the Speaker to rule in favor of allowing this privileged  resolution to move forward and for the President to disclose his tax  returns immediately.    Point of parliamentary inquiry, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, how many Members must come before the Speaker  establishing that this qualifies under the privileges of the House  affecting the integrity of the House until the Speaker rules in our  favor?    Mr. Speaker, I hope that the Chair will rule favorably on  behalf of the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   