 Mr. Speaker, American workers and American businesses  are the most innovative and productive in the world. This is no more  evident than in our oil and gas fields--the ones in my district, in my  State, across our country, and offshore.   Mr. Speaker, in spite of the Obama administration's war on energy,  our producers made huge gains in technology, production, and  productivity to meet the needs and lower energy costs.   The gentleman from California is correct, energy production has  increased during the Obama administration. According to this 2016 CBO  report, both oil and gas production has increased on State and private  lands both onshore and offshore. However, during the same time, under  the heavy hand of the Obama administration, production on Federal lands  has decreased. The Energy Information Administration reported that oil  production on non-Federal lands has increased 89 percent while it has  decreased 10 percent on Federal lands, while gas production has  increased 37 percent on non-Federal lands and decreased 37 percent on  Federal lands.   The Bureau of Land Management's venting and flaring rule is an  overreach of the Obama administration. This is not about the  environment. It is about extending the war on energy to private and  State lands. The rule increases costs on producers, which are then  passed on to customers, stifling job growth and hurting the economy.   The BLM, as it has already been said, does not even have the legal  authority to regulate air quality. It is an authority expressly  provided to the EPA by the Clean Air Act. Methane emissions are already  on the decline, dropping 21 percent since 1990 to 2014. This drop  occurred despite the rise in natural gas production by nearly 47  percent. If the venting and flaring rule goes into full effect, it will  cost nearly $1 billion by 2025.   The result of overregulation is a decrease in domestic energy  production, lost jobs, a battered economy, and an increased dependence  on foreign energy sources. A repeal of the venting and flaring rule is  necessary to protect our economy, the Constitution, and the American  people.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the resolution.   