 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Securing Electronic  Records for Veterans' Ease Act, the SERVE Act, because we all know and  feel that veterans and their families face very real challenges when  they transition to civilian life. We all know that we have an important  responsibility to do what we can to help. Finding housing or a roof  over their heads should not be an ordeal, especially if it is caused by  difficulties in showing the stipend that student veterans get from  Uncle Sam.   In conversations with student veterans throughout my district, proof  of income for housing kept coming up as a big challenge. In fact, Nick  Quinzi, a marine and founder of the Veteran's Student Association at  Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, Connecticut, told my office that  if he had a wish list of things to make his veteran experience better,  the number one item would be fixing the lack of verification for the  monthly housing stipend and, therefore, giving him better access to  housing.   The fact that Nick and many veterans like him have no proof of income  that a property manager or landlord could consider when weighing  creditworthiness and income qualifications is the definition of an  unnecessary burden.    Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legislation would help veterans obtain  proof of income for the housing allowance  [[Page H8561]]  they receive while utilizing the post-9/11 GI Bill. This is, as we have  all said, a commonsense fix to this problem. It requires the VA to make  documentation for the post-9/11 GI Bill monthly housing stipend  accessible and available online. That is it.   Student veterans will use this documentation to provide needed  verification to housing agents, apartment managers, and potential  landlords. This bill would provide a permanent solution to the  inadequacy of the statement of benefits that is currently available--an  official form, accessible online, that verifies the housing benefit is  necessary and builds upon existing website functionality. The VA's  eBenefits site already provides access to certification letters for VA  compensation and pension benefits.   Mr. Speaker, this fix could have a big effect. There are close to 1.1  million student veterans using the post-9/11 GI Bill who would be  eligible to benefit from this.   Mr. Speaker, our veterans have earned this benefit. We, as elected  officials, feel a responsibility to make sure that they do not face  bureaucratic hurdles that prevent them from taking advantage of all of  the benefits that they have earned.   I would like to close by thanking Dr. Roe and Ranking Member Walz for  their role in bringing this bill to the floor and for their work on  behalf of all of our Nation's veterans.   