 Will the gentleman yield?    How did they do that?    Why would they do that? In the face of  these fires and in the face of so many in California understanding that  impact, why is it that they did this?    Were there any hearings?    So there have been no hearings.    They didn't fix it. And yet here we are,  on the verge of voting on a bill that will impact 100 percent of the  economy and 100 percent of the Tax Code.   No hearings?    Mr. Neal, you suggested in the process, at  the outset, that this was a missed opportunity, and then you went back  and gave a historic tutorial on how we got here.   How is it that we got here and arrived here with no public hearings  and no expert testimony?    In your history of serving on this  committee--and we are joined by Mr. Levin and Mr. Kind and Mr. Welch.   And, Mr. Levin, I have to ask you this, too. In your serving on this  committee, has there ever been a bill of this magnitude or proportion  that has been brought out without a public hearing, without expert  witnesses?   Mr. Thompson had a raging fire in his district that we heard him,  from his own lips, what it did and how it devastated Sonoma and Napa  Valley, and no hearings. Is there a precedent for this?    Mr. Speaker, Mr. Kind stood up earlier and  talked about the fact that the other side, who claim to be deficit  hawks, all of a sudden, they are an endangered species.   I don't know if the gentleman from Wisconsin wants to expand upon  that and further ask the gentleman from California.    Mr. Speaker, could I just ask for the  gentleman to clarify something?   You said earlier that you came down here, and you rarely come down  here. This is a Special Order. The reason that you are here, the reason  that Mr. Davis is here, Mr. Welch, Mr. Levin, and reason that Mr. Neal,  Mr. Kind, and myself are all here is because we haven't had the  opportunity to have a hearing and have expert witnesses.   Have you had any expert witness?    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his  leadership on this committee and also for the tutorial that he gave us  earlier today about how we got to this spot.   I think it is important because, for most Americans listening out  there, what you are witnessing is the tyranny of the majority. What I  mean by that is, when the minority doesn't get an opportunity to bring  forth witnesses, to have hearings--and you heard Mr. Neal talk about  the more than 30 hearings in the committee, the more than 12  subcommittee hearings, the 450-plus experts that we never got to hear  from--you understand the position that we find ourselves in.   As I said earlier, this impacts 100 percent of our economy and 100  percent of our people. We all swear an oath of allegiance to the  Constitution, but apparently on the other side, they swear an oath of  allegiance to Grover Norquist because that is more important than  fulfilling our constitutional responsibility and going through regular  order and having the experts.   It is more important to take a pledge to Mr. Norquist and pass  something politically in as pure a bare-knuckle way as you possibly can  without any amendments being made in order and rushing the bill to the  floor in haste, without any concern for the ramifications that it has  other than fulfilling a pledge to Mr. Norquist, and also a pledge, as  we have heard from some of their Members, to their donor base.   That is what has frustrated us on this side of the aisle. I think Mr.  Neal said it very clearly, we had a missed opportunity here. Mr. Kind  mentioned that we still have that opportunity. If there are enough  people on that side of the aisle--and we know there are. We know  regionally, as Mr. King and Mr. Zeldin have said, that this tax bill  represents the greatest shift that we have seen in wealth in this  country from the middle class of the Northeast and West Coast to the  rest of the country.   It is unconscionable that this would take place under the guise of  trying to say that you are providing middle class tax relief.   I went to the commissioner of revenue services in the State of  Connecticut and asked: How will this impact our citizens? It represents  an increase in taxes for the middle class, not this so-called tax cut  that the other side has perpetrated.   I want to point out this claw that exists within here. Because even  for those States, red State or blue State, where you think you might  receive a de minimis tax cut today, it is clawed back within 5 years  because they put something in the Code, commonly referred to as a  ``chained CPI.'' And that has dire ramifications.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Michigan. He is absolutely right.   I want to also point out that we did ask Mr. Barthold, the Chief of  Staff for the Joint Committee on Taxation, about this tax and what its  ramifications are. I asked him: Will this fall unevenly as we have seen  across the Northeast and as we have seen across the West Coast?   The response was: It is not possible to say that in all cases-- meaning all 50 States--that these taxpayers will have lower total  income tax liability under H.R. 1 than under the present law.   Why?   Because they are not going to be allowed to take the deductions they  normally get. In the State of Connecticut, 41 percent of our citizens  utilize and itemize their deductions under the code that they have been  able to do since 1913 and its inception.   Why is this important?   Well, we have heard Mr. Brady say--after everyone gets up and speaks,  he talks about what is going on in their district in an overgeneralized  manner.   So I asked Joint Tax: What would it be for a couple in West Hartford  with a child in college?    They own a home and have a combined income of $125,000. Under the  Republican plan, they would see a $767 tax increase in 2018, and they  would see more than a $1,667 tax increase in 2023, when the family  credit expires, a point Mr. Neal has made repeatedly.   Tax cuts are made permanent for corporations and the wealthy. The  wealthy get the alternative minimum tax and they get the estate tax and  they are made permanent. For those of you who may think you are even  going to get a tax cut, the Norquist clawback provision, under  something we referred to as ``chained CPI,'' takes it away after the  fifth year.   So we find ourselves in this god-awful position without public  hearings and without the ability to call expert witnesses and to only  have a back-and-forth between Democrats and Republicans.   The Republicans need a political win. That is probably true. But who  really needs to win here are the American people. The American people  expect more of us. That is why this is a loss possibility and why we  ought to be regrouping and taking this back up, because, as Mr. Kind  says, there still is time.   How can you turn your backs on your fellow Republicans in New York,  in New Jersey, in Pennsylvania? How can you do this to these people  without any kind of public hearing or public witnesses or experts to  talk about what the calamity will be? How about their commissioners of  revenue services coming in and going over and examining just how these  taxes will impact on them?   That is not going to happen, unfortunately. This is being jammed down  our throats.   