 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, small businesses and families are the backbone of small  rural communities like the ones I represent in western North Carolina.  The fact is that Dodd-Frank has had a crushing impact both on the  ability of families and small businesses to access loans and the  financial products that they need and deserve.   Half of what community banks did prior to Dodd-Frank was lending to  small businesses. Now it is down to 20 percent of what they do. That is  as a result of massive regulations that have come about as a result of  Dodd-Frank.   For families, the availability of services that they used to commonly  think is acceptable, like free checking and mortgage lending, are  significantly diminished or altogether gone for them. Since Dodd-Frank  became law, nearly three-quarters of community banks have either left  or greatly reduced their mortgage businesses. This is problematic for  families. The impact of these changes has hit rural communities like  the ones I represent in western North Carolina the hardest.   But it doesn't end there. The law's mandates have driven up the cost  of borrowing, making it harder and more expensive for families to  access credit or save for important life events like saving for your  child's college education.   Mr. Speaker, the Financial CHOICE Act changes much of this. It begins  to undo the damage caused by Dodd-Frank by removing onerous Washington  mandates, very expensive regulations, by cutting off access to  financial products that the American people need and desire.   Additionally, the Financial CHOICE Act actually addresses the plight  of small businesses by cleaning up these messy regulations that are  unclear, that have made the marketplace less safe and secure for  lending and small businesses, and encouraging the use of innovative new  forms of capital formation that help businesses grow and prosper.   That means jobs. This bill is directed at growing the American  economy, getting us back on our feet, and helping expand prosperity not  just to urban or rural areas, but to both, to all Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this important bill and  get on with the business of legislating.   