 Mr. President, I rise tonight to talk about the Portman  amendment and about the broader substitute that repeals and replaces  the Affordable Care Act, otherwise known as ObamaCare.   Is this replacement perfect? No. I don't think any replacement is.  But it is a big improvement over the status quo. The status quo on  healthcare is simply no longer sustainable.   It isn't working for Ohio. We heard a lot about the middle-class  squeeze in Ohio, and it is real. Wages are flat and expenses are up.  For most folks, the biggest single expense is healthcare costs. It is  the fastest growing expense because of higher premiums and higher  deductibles.   It wasn't supposed to be this way. In fact, when the Affordable Care  Act--ObamaCare--was enacted in 2010, we heard a lot of promises about  lower costs. They promised that ObamaCare would bring down premium  costs by 2,500 bucks for the average family, but we now know that  families have seen their premiums skyrocket. According to the Ohio  Department of Insurance, health insurance premiums on the individual  market in Ohio have nearly doubled since the Affordable Care Act went  into effect 7 years ago. Small business premiums have gone up 82  percent. Premiums for this year are up double-digits, and next year we  all expect the same. No one can afford that.   To make matters worse, we have seen a sharp increase in deductibles.  For a lot of people covered by insurance, they feel as though they  really don't have health care insurance at all because their out-of- pocket expenses are so high and deductibles are so high, they really  can't access it.   These higher premiums and deductibles have already made healthcare  unaffordable for a lot of hard-working Ohioans. But it is not just  about costs, it is also about choice. Some people are losing their  coverage altogether because the policies established in the Affordable  Care Act were set up for failure.   Fifteen of the 23 nonprofit insurers set up around the country as co- ops around the Affordable Care Act have now gone bankrupt. One was in  Ohio. Last year in my State, 22,000 hard-working Ohioans lost their  coverage because our co-op declared bankruptcy. Many of them, by the  way, had already paid their deductibles on that, and they lost that as  well.   Worse than that even, right now there are 19 counties in Ohio without  a single insurance company in the exchange market, the individual  market--not one insurance company. Another 27 counties in Ohio have  only 1 insurer. That is not competition. That is not choice. Far too  many Ohioans--thousands of them--if they want health insurance, are  told they have to move out of their county to another county.   Less competition has also meant less choices and higher costs for  Ohio families and cost shifting on to employer-based plans. As these  insurance companies have lost money, some of them haven't left Ohio,  but they shifted their costs to other people. That is why so many  people's costs have gone up.   Without competition and choice in the market, we are never going to  be able to lower healthcare costs for families and small businesses.  That is one more reason why the status quo on healthcare, the system we  have now, is not sustainable.   The Affordable Care Act has failed to meet the promises that were  made, but we can do better, and we have to do better. It is our job to  do better, but we should do it in a way that protects low-income  beneficiaries of Medicaid, that protects the most vulnerable in our  State. We can do that too.   At the outset of this debate and consistently throughout the debate,  I have  [[Page S4178]]  said my goal was to create a more workable healthcare system that  lowers the cost of coverage and provides access to affordable care  while protecting the most vulnerable. This most recent version of the  Better Care Reconciliation Act--as my colleague just called it,  BCRA.3--is an improvement over the House bill, but it is also an  improvement over the previous Senate bill. This measure includes  reforms that will help lower premiums on families and small businesses.  The No. 1 priority out there should be to lower those costs. This bill  will help lower those premiums.   Throughout the process, I have expressed my concerns about how we  deal with Medicaid, which is a critically important Federal program  that provides healthcare benefits to about 70 million Americans who  live below the Federal poverty line. The Affordable Care Act allowed  States, including Ohio, to expand Medicaid eligibility actually above  the poverty line, to 138 percent of poverty, and to cover single  adults.   With our growing debt and deficits, we know the current Medicaid  Program is not financially sustainable over the long term, and we have  to look for innovation and reform to protect and preserve it now so  that Ohioans can count on this program in the future and so that those  who need it will have it.   My point all along has been that these reforms can and should be done  in a way that doesn't pull the rug out from under people and gives  States time to adjust. So, in this Senate bill, I have worked to put  Medicaid expansion on a glidepath for 6 years, with the current law for  3 years and then a transition for another 3 years. That transition  would be to a new healthcare system. This is a big improvement over the  House bill, which had a cliff in 2 years without a glidepath.   Just as important, in this substitute before us, Governors would have  new flexibility in this legislation to design innovative Medicaid  Programs that meet the needs of their States and their expansion  populations.   One issue I have focused on a lot in this discussion has been the  opioid epidemic. In my own State of Ohio, this epidemic has had a  devastating effect. About 200,000 Ohioans now suffer from drug  addiction, primarily from heroin and prescription drugs and the new  synthetic heroins, such as fentanyl. Unbelievably, I will tell you that  about half of the funds we spend in expanded Medicaid in Ohio go for  one purpose, and that is mental health and substance abuse treatment,  primarily driven by addiction to heroin and prescription drugs and  fentanyl.    We have to deal with this issue in a smart way. In this latest  version of the substitute, that is why I fought to provide not only  that transition for those on expanded Medicaid but also an additional  and unprecedented $45 billion in new resources for States to address  the opioid epidemic. I am pleased to say that in the legislation we are  going to vote on tonight, it is included. We want those receiving  opioid treatment under Medicaid expansion to maintain access to  treatment as they work to get back on their feet. This new funding is  critical to help with regard to that treatment and longer term  recovery.   An additional issue I have been working on is to ensure that those on  expanded Medicaid are able to find affordable healthcare options under  a new system, whether it is under the new Medicaid structure or  affordable healthcare options in the private sector on the private  market. Over the past few weeks, I have worked with the President, the  Vice President, administration officials, and many of my colleagues on  ways to improve this bill further in this regard, to help out low- income Ohioans and others who are trying to find affordable coverage.  That is why this proposal before us, the Portman amendment, is so  important.   By the way, it is called the Portman amendment, but it is the result  of the work of a lot of different Senators, some of whom I saw on the  floor earlier and one I see here tonight. Senator Capito, who has been  a leader on this, and Senators Hoeven, Gardner, Sullivan, Cassidy,  Young, Boozman, Heller, Murkowski, and others, have worked on this  proposal.   I am pleased that we have received a commitment that the Senate will  vote tonight on this approach to help those on Medicaid expansion and  other low-income Americans get access to affordable healthcare in the  private market.   This plan has two parts. First, it provides an additional $100  billion to the long-term stability fund in the Better Care  Reconciliation Act to help people with out-of-pocket expenses, such as  deductibles and copays, thus ensuring that those who transition from  Medicaid expansion into private insurance under a new system not only  have the tax credit to help them, which is part of the underlying bill,  but also have this additional help for affordable coverage options.   Second, it is a Medicaid wraparound that allows States to provide  cost-sharing assistance to low-income individuals who transition from  Medicaid to private insurance and receive a tax credit on the exchange.  The States could use this flexibility in combination with this long- term stability fund increase--the additional dollars I am talking  about--to assist individuals with their deductibles, out-of-pocket  expenses, and copays.   It would also allow the States to capture Federal Medicaid matched  dollars to supplement the tax credits under the Better Care Act without  having to seek and renew existing waiver authority.   This Medicaid wraparound is already available through a waiver, but  we think it is critically important to put it in a statute so that  other administrators and the current ones--Seema Verma has said she  supports this waiver being granted--but others will grant it, and you  don't have to renew this waiver or beg for a waiver. It is a  commonsense way to help get people who are going into private plans the  help they need to be able to afford the premiums, deductibles, and  copays.   This is a commonsense approach to help ensure that these low-income  Americans have access to affordable care, and I urge my colleagues to  support it.   We must do better than the Affordable Care Act. I have heard from  people across Ohio on both sides of this debate. Trust me, I have heard  a lot. There is a lot of passion. I understand that. But it is  interesting, the common denominator in many of these discussions is  that doing nothing is not sustainable. Pretty much everybody  acknowledges that the status quo is not working. Ohioans deserve  action.   In my view, to throw in the towel and give up on finding a better  alternative is to give up on Ohio's families, give up on Ohio's small  businesses, and I am not willing to do that.   We all know the Affordable Care Act has not lived up to its promises  to the American people. Today, after 7 years of consistently calling  for repeal and replace, I am supporting a sensible plan to do just  that. Is it perfect? No. I don't think any substitute is. Replacement  is hard. But it is an improvement on the unsustainable status quo, and  it does help keep our promise to the American people to do better.   I urge my colleagues to support the legislation before us.   I yield back my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.   