 Mr. President, I am here with Senator Corker today to  address the Senate and encourage this body to vote in support of Bill  Hagerty as our Ambassador to Japan.   In 2013, when Bill Hagerty was the commissioner of economic and  community development for Tennessee, he gave a speech entirely in  Japanese at the American Embassy in Tokyo.   I have looked it up. There have been 16 U.S. Ambassadors to Tokyo, a  very distinguished group since World War II: a five-star general, two  former Senate majority leaders, a former Vice President of the United  States, a former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, the  daughter of a former President of the United States. So far as I know,  none of them were able to do what Bill Hagerty did in 2013 when he made  a speech entirely in Japanese at the American Embassy in Tokyo.   That is just one reason I think Bill Hagerty is one of President  Trump's best appointees.   He was born in Tennessee, graduated from Vanderbilt University, was  associate editor of the law review, worked as a consultant for the  Boston Consulting Group. During his final 3 years, he lived in Tokyo,  and he served as senior managing executive for their clients around  Asia.   He was selected by President George H.W. Bush to be on his staff, and  there he worked on trade, commerce, defense and telecommunications  issues. He was a White House fellow. He was founder and chairman of a  company in private life that became the third largest medical research  company in the United States. He founded his own private equity and  investment firm.   From 2011 to 2015, he was the commissioner of economic and community  development for Tennessee. In that role, working with Governor Haslam,  he was enormously successful. They secured $15 billion in investments  and 90,000 jobs for our State. For 2 of those years, Tennessee was the  No. 1 State for economic development and the No. 1 State in job  creation through foreign direct investment.   Bill Hagerty is a distinguished Eagle Scout. He was head of a capital  campaign for the Scouts. He served on the board for the Far East  Council of the Scouts, encouraging the growth of Boy Scouts throughout  Asia. One way he intends to continue that mission is that his two sons  will join their respective troops in Japan following his confirmation.  His wife, Chrissy, would want me to quickly add that there are two  aspiring Girl Scouts in their family who will have time to do the same.   This is not only one of the best appointments but one of the most  important of this President. There is a reason we have had such a  distinguished list of Ambassadors since World War II, including our  former majority leader, Senator Howard Baker from Tennessee.   Mike Mansfield, another former majority leader of this body, was also  Ambassador. He used to say in every speech he made that the Japanese- American alliance is the most important two-country relationship in the  world, bar none. Ambassador Mansfield said that so often that Americans  in  [[Page S3971]]  Tokyo used to call our Embassy there the ``Bar None Ranch.''   If you will permit a little parochialism, Mr. Hagerty comes from a  state, Tennessee, which has the most important relationship with Japan  of any State, bar none.   That began about 40 years ago. I remember President Carter saying to  me as a new Governor and to other Governors: ``Go to Japan. Persuade  them to make in the United States what they sell in the United  States.''   Off we all went. During my first 24 months as Governor, I spent 3  weeks in Japan and 8 weeks on Japanese-American relations. I explained  to Tennesseans that I thought I could do more good for our State in  Japan than I could in Washington, DC. It turned out to be true. Nissan,  Bridgestone, Komatsu, and other companies came, and so did the jobs.   By the mid-eighties, Tennessee had 10 percent of all the Japanese  capital investment in the United States, and this has continued. Nissan  and Bridgestone have North America's largest auto plants and tire  plants in Tennessee. With Mr. Hagerty's help, Bridgestone, as well as  Nissan, have decided to locate their North American headquarters in our  State.   Bill Hagerty, if approved by the Senate, would go to Japan not only  able to speak the language but, having lived and worked there,  understanding how close ties between Japan and the United States can  create bigger paychecks for Americans, as well as for the Japanese.   I join my colleague, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee,  Senator Corker, in enthusiastically saying it is my hope that the  Senate will approve today his nomination and that he will soon be on  the job, and his children will be in their respective Scout troops in  Japan.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   