 Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to join this evening. I thank  the gentleman for putting together a discussion, a Special Order on  this critical piece of legislation, which is now hurdling through  Congress today.   I was reflecting, Mr. Speaker, that I had never seen a riot before,  and I wonder how many people have been to a riot. And then as I was  watching this bill being rammed through Congress, I realized that we  were observing up close a riot, a ruling class riot, a trickle-down  riot, special interest riot, a 1 percent riot against the rest of the  country, the 1 percent that will get 83 percent of the tax cuts, the 1  percent that is overseeing an explosion in our deficit, adding  somewhere between $1\1/2\ trillion to $2.3 trillion to our deficit that  we are passing on to our children and our grandchildren.   My constituents in Maryland are saying to me: Hey, if we are going to  go into an extra $1\1/2\ trillion into deficits and debt, why don't we  put that into an infrastructure plan for America? Why not rebuild our  transportation system, the roads, the highways, the bridges, the Metro  systems, the port authorities, the water systems, and cybersecurity?  They are collapsing in front of our very eyes. So if we have got $1\1/ 2\ trillion that we are going to put on the Federal tab, let's direct  it into infrastructure.   But what do they bring us instead?   Old-fashioned, shopworn, and historically discredited trickle-down  economics. It never works. It never works to cut taxes on the wealthy  and big corporations and hope that the profits will just magically,  mysteriously rain down on the middle class and working people.   It has just never worked like that. The only thing that does work is  bubble-up middle class economics that gives opportunity to everybody-- the poor working people, the middle class--and the money will flow up.  The rich will get richer. We have proven it. That when you actually  invest in education and you invest in infrastructure and you invest in  healthcare, everybody does better. And then, because everybody is doing  better, everybody does better, including the wealthy. We don't need to  have top-down class warfare, trickle-down economics in America. But,  hey, it is hard to stop a riot once it gets going, and we are in the  middle of a riot here.   They said Malcolm X could stop a riot if he wanted to. Well, Paul  Ryan could stop this riot if he wanted to. The GOP could stop this  riot. Maybe even President Trump could stop this riot. But the American  oligarchs, the ones who are friends with the Russian oligarchs, the  American oligarchs can taste victory already. They are carting off  their TVs. They are checking out their gorgeous new yachts. They are  measuring the drapes at Mar-a-Lago. They are polling for the Senate  seats that they plan to buy with all of the new campaign contributions  that come rolling in from the Mercers and the Koch brothers and the  other plutocrats who are going to make out like bandits with this  highway robbery.  [[Page H10239]]    In a riot, there is no time for hearings, no time for facts, no time  for economic analysis, no time for experts, no time for discussion or  democracy. There is no time for us even to read the lousy bills that  their lobbyists write for them. They are too busy looting the Treasury  in the middle of the night, ransacking Medicare and Medicaid, and  trashing the neighborhoods of the beleaguered American middle class by  raising taxes on 86 million families over the next decade.   They are too busy trashing the State and local tax deduction,  imposing double taxes on our people, something that has not occurred  since we developed the tax system back in 1862, when they imposed the  first revenue act. In the middle of the Civil War, they exempted State  and local taxes.   Abraham Lincoln and the Republicans said then, ``That is double  taxation; we won't do it in the middle of the Civil War,'' when they  needed to raise money.   And here we are, in a time of record corporate profits, amazing  prosperity that comes out of the Obama administration, amazing economic  expansion and growth, and what do they want to do?   They want to impose double taxation on what they say is the blue  States because now America has got to be divided.   It is their States and our States, so the blue States are going to  just pay more. That is the way that they are pursuing their tax policy  in the United States Congress. You could almost understand and  appreciate this trickle-down mob mentality if it were just our own rich  people who were wilding against American democracy. After all, the top  1 percent in America today owns only as much wealth as the bottom 90  percent combined. There is still the remnants of the middle class to  destroy, and it is hard to keep up with the lifestyle of the rich and  famous in Trump's billionaire Cabinet.   So they need to drive 13 million Americans off of their health  insurance. They need to make tens of millions of Americans pay more in  taxes. But here is the thing: one-third of the corporate windfall in  their gigantic corporate tax break, which is the heart of their bill,  hundreds of billions of dollars, one-third of the money will go to  foreign investors in Saudi Arabia, in China, in Russia. The one-third  of the American stock that is owned by foreign investors is going to  just sail outside of the country immediately when we do this.   And that huge sucking sound of hundreds of billions of dollars  flowing to other people's oligarchs will be followed by billions more  in investments and millions more in jobs because of another little  trick that got tucked into this bag of tricks on the American people  and treats for our plutocrats. Their bill changes our tax policy to a  territorial system.   Well, what does that mean?   It means, if you are an American businessman and you are setting up  your new business, the American businessman or businesswoman, you are  setting up your business on Main Street, you are going to pay 100  percent of your taxes due. Your rate is going to go way down under this  bill, but you will pay 100 percent. If you ship your business and your  jobs overseas to Mexico or Indonesia or Switzerland or Vietnam, you are  going to pay zero percent of what you would owe.   Now, I think they put in some tiny, little fix about that saying:  Well, if it gets too extreme, if you press the joke too far, you will  pay something, maybe 10 percent.   Again, that was written in the middle of the night, so I haven't seen  that. That is just a talking point.   But let me just close with this: like a riot, this tax scam has  little to recommend it. Its only redeeming feature is that it will wake  a horrified country up to the depravity and greed that have overtaken  our politics and, I am sad to say, a once great political party in the  United States of America. And when we wake up to the fiscal damage and  the political hangover, then they will be coming with their meat  cleavers towards Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid.   And when the American people bounce out the people who rioted today,  when they bounce them out of office, well, it is going to be okay for  them because they can go and work for the lobbyists and the big  companies that made out like bandits today. So the joke is on us if  this actually goes through. But don't forget that what we saw today was  a riot from above.    Mr. Speaker, yes, I did say that.    Mr. Speaker, the whole point is to cement into place an  oligarchy, a plutocracy.   One of the reasons that the Founders of America were so opposed to  the intergenerational transmission of wealth is because they said that  is going to increase idleness, laziness, presumptuousness, and  entitlement in new generations.   At a certain point, if you buy enough houses, if you buy enough  horses, if you buy enough yachts, if you buy enough jewels, what do you  want?   Well, you want a governorship. You want a Senate seat.   That is not democracy. That is plutocracy. So we can't let this  system of wealth discrimination and separation devour our basic  democratic values.    Mr. Speaker, I was shocked to read so many prominent  elected officials and political operatives on the GOP side saying that  the whole reason for doing this is that their donors were effectively  going on a strike and the donors were saying: If you don't get the tax  bill through, don't expect contributions from us.   We couldn't have a more vivid demonstration of plutocracy in the  country.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, once again, for this  opportunity and for his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, the gentleman makes a superb point. We are at a point of  record corporate profits. The corporations are swimming in profits and  in cash, and if they wanted to be employing more people, they could be  employing more people now.    Mr. Speaker, or raising wages. They could do it right  now.   All that we are doing is bestowing more of a bonus on them so they  can give more money away to the CEOs. In the stock dividends and in the  stock buybacks, it is cash gains within the corporations, so they are  going to get wealthier. There is no reason to begrudge that. It is a  large part of a lot of people's dreams to make a lot of money, but  let's not press a good joke too far.   They are making tons of money right now, and we have got serious  needs in the country. We have got an infrastructure crisis. Our roads  and our highways and our metro systems and our water systems are  suffering--our schools, our universities, our community colleges.   Why not invest in some common things that bring us together as a  society, rather than having highway robbery from above against the rest  of the country? It is just incomprehensible to me.   I have got to believe this is something to do with the corruption of  our campaign finance regime. People are talking about: Well, we are  waiting for the contributions to come in, and that they are telling us  on the phone they don't want to give us contributions until we pass the  tax bill.   So give them hundreds of billions, drive us into trillions of dollars  in debt, and then they will give us back hundreds of thousands of  dollars in campaign contributions. It is a bad deal. That is why a lot  of parts of the country are moving to public financing now, because it  is remarkable how much damage you could do to the country on the cheap  with a relatively small investment. After the Supreme Court's decision  in 2010, in the Citizens United case, redefining corporations as  political citizens, now the CEOs can take money directly out of the  corporate treasury and put it into politics.   