 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 minutes.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, we are about to vote on a gentleman  named Scott Palk, who was nominated by President Trump to serve as a  U.S. district court judge for the Western District of Oklahoma on May  8.   On June 15 of this year, he passed the Judiciary Committee with  bipartisan support. It has taken us this long, from June 15, going  through the committee process, to finally getting this to the floor in  the last days of October.   This is the issue we face as a Senate right now. We have an opening  with a judge who has already gone through the committee process, who  has already been approved--who will be confirmed, I hope, with wide  bipartisan support--but because of the ongoing delay of every nominee,  of everything in the process, this is slowing down the wheels of our  government across the country. Whether that be judges or whether that  be individuals in the executive branch working in the agencies, we are  seeing a constant slowing. We have to be able to correct this.   I would state that Americans will be very pleased when they get a  chance to see Scott Palk on the bench. He will be a fair judge. He  comes from a great family and has a great passion to serve people, both  as he served in the U.S. attorney's office in the past and at the  University of Oklahoma, working at the law school there. He will make  the Nation proud. I am glad we have finally gone through this extremely  long process to finally get him on and to get him seated on that bench.   In the days ahead, I look forward to the other positions in  government being filled as well with other well-qualified individuals.  I look forward to seeing this done. I look forward to seeing Scott Palk  not as Scott Palk but as Judge Palk.   With that, I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sasse). All time has expired.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Palk  nomination?   