 I am sorry.    I am sorry.    While he is looking, will the Senator perhaps yield for  a question?    The thing that confused me about the Senator's  commentary is that the Senator referred to people, through this  regulation, being forced into court, but in reality, they would still  have a choice of arbitration or court, as opposed to being locked into  arbitration.   Are you familiar that under this rule people would still have the  option of arbitration, if they thought that was good?    I could possibly clarify that. My understanding is that,  currently, when you have an arbitration clause, you have one option,  and that is to go into arbitration.    In this rule you have the ability to go to court or the  ability to go to arbitration.    Mr. President, I couldn't disagree more with my  colleague from Idaho. He gave a very studious presentation that missed  all the key facts. He made a big point out of the fact that we would  lose a dispute resolution tool, but, in fact, access to small claims  and access to arbitration remain in place, so it is simply wrong.   He noted that small claims is a great option, but, of course, what we  are talking about are provisions in which credit card companies and  cell phone companies and broadband companies put charges on your bill  that are unjustified, but they are small amounts. They are little  amounts. It is $5 here, slammed there; it is $10 there, jammed on your  bill there. You discover it, and you call them up, and they say: Well,  you can come to arbitration. Of course, arbitration means they choose  the decision maker; they pay the decision maker, and that decision  maker comes to them for future business. So it is completely rigged.   If anyone wanted to see an example of the swamp at work here in DC,  we have it on the floor tonight. This is Big Business taking justice  and ripping it out of the hands of consumers across our Nation.   It costs fees to go to small claims; you can't go to small claims for  $10 or $5 or $20. This is well understood.   My colleague made a big point about the fact that a lot of companies  settle. These companies have the best lawyers that money can buy. They  settle only when they have cheated the consumer and they know there is  a chance they are going to get a worse verdict if it goes to trial. It  is smart for them, and it saves money for them not to continue to  adjudicate a case in which, clearly, they are wrong. So, of course,  they will settle. This is not an argument against consumer rights; it  is an argument for consumer rights.   My colleague made the argument that 25 percent of the fees go to the  lawyers, but he didn't point out that means 75 percent goes to the  consumers. Why is that a fair deal? Because consumers can't afford to  go to court for $10 or $20 or $15, so they are awfully happy to be able  to get 75 percent of what they are owed.   Again, he didn't begin to mention the fact that the whole point is  deterrence. These companies are given a right to cheat because there is  no way for a customer to get a fair adjudication. In arbitration, the  company chooses the judge; the company pays the judge. And these judges  come back time and again for case after case after case, finding for  the companies time after time after time. So if you want a rigged  system, if you want an example of a swamp flooding this room right  here, this is it, right here, right now.   Deterring companies from cheating individuals makes a lot of sense.  It adds a lot of value to our society. Credit card customers, nursing  home residents, students with loans, veterans--veterans weigh in  heavily against the abusive practice of a rigged system--certainly  customers of cell phone companies and broadband.   I have had this experience myself. I looked at a bill, and I said:  Wait, what is this charge on here that I have never seen before? I  called up the company. Of course, you go through a phone tree, and you  spend an hour trying to talk to some real person who is way overseas  somewhere. They say: Well, we just added it to your bill 6 months ago,  and you should have protested it the first month it was on your bill.  Well, I don't look at the details every single month to see if the  company tried to cheat me. And if they did it to me, they did it to  thousands and thousands of others. They were willing to reimburse 1  month of this, but not the first 5 months. At $10 a month, that is $50.  You can't go to small claims for $50. You can't go to court for $50.  The only fair thing is to have the full range of options, and that is  taken away by arbitration.   I would bet none of my colleagues here, not a one--and if any  colleague would like to stand up and say they disagree, I would like to  hear it--not a one would agree to have a serious dispute settled in  which the opponent chooses the judge, pays the judge, and that judge  gets business from them all the time. That is rigged and that is wrong,  and that is why I encourage my colleagues to vote against this  resolution tonight.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.   