 Mr. President, I am very pleased to follow my colleague  from New Hampshire, Senator Hassan. She said it very well. This is an  extraordinarily important part of the debate.   A Senate vote on TrumpCare is now days away, and that is the case  even though the bill remains hidden in the Senate shadows. I am here  tonight with my colleagues to try to shine some light on the  extraordinary harm TrumpCare is going to do to women's health across  the country and also to call on the American people to stand up and  say, and say loudly, that this is wrong--wrong because it would be a  partisan process that takes away important healthcare rights from women  across this country.   First, TrumpCare says that health insurance in America ought to be  based on what men need and what women need ought to cost extra. You  look back a few years to when the Affordable Care Act set in stone  guaranteed insurance benefits to protect everybody who shops on the  open market, the private open market, regardless of their gender, no  price gouging women just because they are women. Now, however, the  Republican plan lets States hack away at those essential  [[Page S3693]]  health benefits, and it always seems that maternity care is the first  benefit that then gets cut.   If TrumpCare goes through, what will happen in America is insurance  companies will carve maternity care out of the plans they offer on the  open market. It would, in effect, become an add-on--an add-on that  would come with a higher price, as if a pregnant women's healthcare is  a luxury item like a sunroof on a new car.   Let's set aside the fact that every man in the country was born to a  woman. My colleagues on the other side have spent 7 years telling  Americans that they were laser-focused on bringing costs down for  everybody. Apparently, that notion of ``everybody'' that we are hearing  from Republican Senators doesn't include mothers because their costs  are going to be going up in a number of instances.   Second, the public has heard time and time again that nobody would be  hurt under TrumpCare and that repeal and replace is all about putting  the patient at the center of care. Tell that to the hundreds of  thousands of women who will lose their right to see the doctor of their  choosing as a result of TrumpCare defunding Planned Parenthood. Just  unpack that for a moment. I think one basic, almost sacred principle  for women is that they ought to be able to make the choice of the  physician they trust for their healthcare. Yet what we are talking  about here--apparently tomorrow--is a real prospect that women will  lose the right to see the doctor they trust.   This ideological campaign against Planned Parenthood ignores the fact  that there are already laws on the books that prevent tax dollars from  funding abortions. It ignores the fact that Planned Parenthood doesn't  get a dime of taxpayer funding above what is available to other  comparable healthcare providers. It ignores the fact that women rely on  Planned Parenthood to get routine medical care from the doctors they  know and trust--basic checkups, cancer screenings, preventive care, HIV  tests.   It is long past time to end this crusade against Planned Parenthood,  which is taking away from women in this country the ability to make  their own judgments about whom they want to see and the doctors they  trust.   Finally, the TrumpCare plan would significantly slash Medicaid, and  this is a special threat to women. Medicaid is at the heart of women's  healthcare in the country. Women live longer than men on average, and  Medicaid helps pay for two out of three seniors living in nursing  homes. Women are more likely than men to have a disability, and  Medicaid is the key to helping millions of Americans with disabilities  live successful, independent lives in their communities. The Republican  healthcare plan would slash Medicaid so deeply year after year that  States would be forced to cut benefits and access to care. Women would  be hit the hardest by those cuts.   The public needs to know that right now, it is go time in America on  healthcare. This vote is right around the corner. And because my  colleagues on the other side have in effect locked into this ``our way  or the highway'' approach--the Washington word for it is  ``reconciliation,'' and my guess is that in a lot of coffee shops in  North Carolina and Oregon and points in between, people aren't that up  on Washington lingo like reconciliation, but they really want Democrats  and Republicans to work together. That has been the cornerstone of my  work with respect to healthcare. That is what Chairman Hatch and I have  done with respect to the transformation of Medicare, to update the  Medicare guarantee. I have worked with my colleagues in a bipartisan  way in terms of independence at home, more care for older people at  home, and on a host of issues, particularly with respect to holding  down pharmaceutical costs in a bipartisan way. The reality is, that is  the only way you come up with approaches that are sustainable--build on  principles that both sides feel strongly about and lock it into a  bipartisan agreement.   What we are looking at, again, not in 6 weeks but tomorrow, is the  Senate Republicans saying: We are going to use this reconciliation--not  the bipartisan approaches that I think yield the real dividends but a  partisan approach. It is called reconciliation. It means ``It is our  way or the highway.'' And then what you are going to do is you are  going to have one of the most consequential debates about domestic  policy in decades. It is going to fly through the Senate with hardly  any public input and debate.   A big part of what I wanted to do tonight is come to the floor of the  Senate to say to Americans that this is the time to get loud, to get  very loud and to tell your friends and your neighbors and your  relatives to get out there and be loud with you. This isn't some  mundane debate where the two sides couldn't square their differences,  the kind most people choose to ignore; this is an out-and-out attack on  the healthcare of millions of Americans and especially women.   I think that when the facts get out to women in this country, they  are going to say this is wrong, and they are going to say this is  personal. The people in Washington, DC, talk about lots of things and  throw around lots of Washington lingo like ``reconciliation,'' but I  think they are going to see through exactly what these proposals mean  for them. It is a significant rollback of their rights on matters like  being able to choose the doctor they trust.   I will close with this, and I have felt this way since the days when  I was co-director of the senior citizens at home in Oregon. Political  change hardly ever is top-down--top being it comes from government  buildings and then trickles down to people--it is almost always  bottoms-up, where the voices of Americans are heard and they tell their  elected officials when they are off base, when they are doing something  that will hurt them rather than help them.   I close by way of saying that I hope this has provided at least some  useful information so Americans--particularly women--can get engaged,  get loud, and do it now.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I note my colleague is prepared to speak.   