 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 647, I call  up the bill (H.R. 477) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to  exempt from registration brokers performing services in connection with  the transfer of ownership of smaller privately held companies, and ask  for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, if it weren't for the last moment, a lot of things  wouldn't get done in life, but last evening, the ranking member and I  came to a meeting of the minds on a path forward for H.R. 477. So in  the interest of efficiency of time for the House, I want to thank the  ranking member for her willingness to work on a bipartisan basis to  move this bill forward.   Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, our small businesses labor under a  gazillion regulations, some of which are quite good and quite helpful;  but, in the aggregate, they can be a very heavy burden and cost upon  our small businesses. One is an unnecessary registration system for  small business brokers.   I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Huizenga) for his  leadership to ensure that they have a simplified registration regime,  which can help our small businesses as they are ready to engage in  sales or mergers or other transactions. It is a good, bipartisan piece  of legislation. I thank him for his leadership.   Again, I thank the ranking member for working on a bipartisan basis,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Chabot), the distinguished chairman of the Small Business  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Huizenga), who is the sponsor of the legislation and the  chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets,  Securities, and Investments.    How much time do I have remaining, Mr. Speaker?    Mr. Speaker, I will conclude by saying that, again,  this is a commonsense reform. It is a balanced reform. It is good for  small business. It is bipartisan. I urge all of my colleagues to adopt  H.R. 477.   Again, I thank the ranking member and the gentleman from California  for their leadership to work on a bipartisan basis.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   