 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute.   One size does not fit all. As an enthusiastic supporter of the CHOICE  Act, I must confess it is not perfect. You have been told all financial  regulators should be subject to the power of the Federal purse. Well,  this regulatory agency, the National Credit Union Administration, uses  no Federal funds to operate, to administer, or to manage the National  Credit Union Share Insurance Fund--let me repeat, uses no Federal  funds.   Now, when nontaxpayer funds are required to be federally  appropriated, hopefully, this strikes you as an odd idea. But when the  funds in question are placed under the appropriations process and are  subject to being swept for other Federal spending measures, I hope that  bothers you--not strikes you as odd, but bothers you.   Credit union member-generated insurance funds are now, by virtue of  being put into the appropriations process, subject to being swept for  other Federal spending processes.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Aguilar).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, with all due respect to my colleague from  the financial institution folks, one of the things in the CHOICE Act is  the Mick Mulvaney-generated transparency amendments that we are not  trying to strike. It is not like we are hiding anything. And I missed  the part where it says, oh, the fact that they are not taxpayer funds  makes it okay that we go ahead and try to sweep those into that.   I also missed the fact, quite frankly, that this is different than  something like the Bureau of Consumer Protection folks who were an out- of-control executive branch agency using federally appropriated funds  to do as they darn well please.   I missed the fact where we have got a problem with credit unions  taking care of their own administration and their own insurance.   And I, finally, missed the fact where, quite frankly, we have  absolutely no problem with respect to these folks' performance record.   So when you talk about going out and getting nontaxpayer-generated  funds and saying we are going to bring those--by the way, good luck for  these folks to get under our budgeting process. I won't say anything  more than that, Mr. Chairman. Good luck.   Whose budget are they going under? Who are we waiting for approval so  we can say keep doing the things the way you were?   So I will just say that this is a problem that does not exist with a  solution that is being applied because of other regulators, which I  agree with, but it is like to suggest, quite frankly, that the CHOICE  Act was perfect and doesn't need a second look on a small thing like  this, I mean, hats off to the committee. It is the only perfect  committee I know of that has ever existed.    Mr. Chair, I am prepared to close, and I will just say this: We ought  to take a look at what track records are. And when we take a look at  that and we look at unintended consequences, when you start branching  out, for those of you folks in Production Credit Association territory  and things like that and the budget issues and all of that other sort  of stuff, it is like these folks are doing a good job. Let's let them  continue to do that.   Mr. Chairman, I would urge your bipartisan, nationwide support, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   