 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to  me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill, which is really a  combination of three bills. First, as to North Korea, it embodies a  bill passed on this floor in May introduced by Chairman Royce, Ranking  Member Engel, Mr. Yoho, and myself from the Asia and the Pacific  Subcommittee. We will expand our sanctions on North Korea's precious  metals, minerals, jet fuel, coal, and across the board, and especially  banking sanctions.   But keep in mind, ultimately, we have got to force China to decide  whether they are going to support North Korea or whether they are going  to have access to American markets. We can't let them have both.   As to Iran, this bill designates the entire Iran Revolutionary Guard  Corps, as the Quds Force has already been designated, as subject to  terrorism sanctions, and provides an arms embargo. Let us remember that  the real face of this regime in Tehran is not their dapper foreign  minister, but rather it is the hundreds of thousands who have died in  Syria as a result of Iranian action.   Speaking of countries that have supported Assad, finally and perhaps  most importantly, this bill provides sanctions against Russia necessary  because of its action in the Ukraine and its interference in our  elections.   We hit Russia in a very important way by dealing with the technology  they would need to explore oil. Unfortunately, even under this very  strong bill, it would take a two-thirds vote for us to block a  sanctions waiver should our resolution be vetoed.    Mr. Speaker, which is more fraudulent? On the one hand,  we have Wells Fargo, 3 million phony accounts, and then they use their  forced arbitration provision to tell people that if you signed up for a  legitimate account and there was some language in there that created  arbitration, that it even applies to the phony accounts.   Well, what is even more fraudulent? The supporters of this bill who  say that the rule deprives people of the option of arbitration. It  hardly does that. It simply prohibits forced arbitration.   But more important are the numbers. Arbitration is typically used by  someone with a $50,000 claim. Class action lawsuits, it is 50,000  people with a $32 claim. So then they say: Well, arbitration provides  more. Of course it provides more. Because the average person in the  pool has got a $50,000 claim, and class action only produces $32  because it is designed for a situation where you have a million  plaintiffs or a half a million plaintiffs each with a $32 claim.   You cannot compare the two except to say that arbitration is  unavailable to anyone with a claim of less than $1,000.   