 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, each year the Federal Government uses civil asset  forfeiture to take billions of dollars' worth of property from people  who have not been charged with any crime. It is an unconstitutional  practice that is used to violate the due process rights of innocent  people.   Fortunately, some States have passed laws to limit asset forfeiture;  but the Federal Government helps State law enforcement evade these  requirements by doing adoptive forfeitures where the Federal Government  accepts property seized by the State law enforcement, forfeits it under  Federal law, and gives the State agency a cut of the proceeds.   Mr. Chairman, this practice is outrageous. It supplants the authority  of States to regulate their own law enforcement, and it further mires  the Federal Government in unconstitutional asset forfeitures.   In 2015, the Department of Justice placed limits on adoptive  forfeiture, prohibiting the Federal Government from accepting property  seized by local police when there is no involvement by Federal law  enforcement and the property does not relate to public safety. These  are commonsense restrictions that prevent the most egregious seizures.   Unfortunately, these restrictions were revoked in June of this year.  My amendment would restore them by prohibiting the use of funds to do  adoptive forfeitures that were banned under the 2015 rules.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Davidson).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Hawaii (Ms. Gabbard).    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Rohrabacher).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Beyer).    Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I encourage everyone to support this  amendment. We must defend the Fifth  [[Page H7273]]  Amendment and we must protect property rights.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   