 Mr. Speaker, for the first time in a generation, middle- income and hardworking Americans are closer to a Tax Code that works  for them rather than against them.   It has been 31 long years since we last reformed our broken tax  system, and, in that time, our Tax Code has become one of the most  complicated, unfair, and uncompetitive in the world. It has led to a  stagnant economy and sluggish growth. American businesses of all sizes  have some of the highest tax rates in the world, sending our jobs, our  manufacturing, our research, and our headquarters overseas.   And you know, the economic recovery hasn't been all that great since  the Great Recession--not that great for a lot of Americans. Half the  population is living paycheck to paycheck. Many either have or are at  risk of having a lower standard of living than their parents. Young  people, like my daughter's generation, will go backwards if this  country is not fundamentally more competitive. And then seniors and  those baby boomers preparing for retirement, who have a lifetime of  savings, are now at risk without a growing economy.   The reforms in this bill today will help real people with tax cuts  aimed to help middle-income families that want to save for the future  and improve their own standard of living. The bill focuses on helping  small businesses, Main Street Minnesota businesses with a simpler,  clearer, and fairer Tax Code that is critical for job creation. It  lowers small business rates to 25 percent and even provides a 9 percent  rate for the smallest Main Street startups.   Modernizing the Tax Code is essential to allowing American businesses  of all sizes to compete around the world and bring those jobs home. We  need to be able to sell where the customers are, and 95 percent of the  world's customers are outside the United States. The international  reforms in this bill will incentivize businesses to bring their money  home to invest in our communities.   And importantly, this bill includes bipartisan legislation that I  authored, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, which  helps those entrepreneurs and startups attract and retain talent.  Hardworking taxpayers, Mr. Speaker, deserve a Tax Code that is simpler,  flatter, and fairer so that every American family and employer can file  their taxes without having to hire an Army of lawyers and accountants.   Mr. Speaker, we have a choice. The choice is Americans. We can either  truly grow the economy and put ourselves back on the path to real  prosperity, or we can continue the actual trend we have right now of  weak economic growth, which only benefits the few and the privileged  and will do nothing for regular folks when the next economic downturn  hits.   Tax reform for me is about one thing and one thing only. It is about  restoring hope for a prosperous future for  [[Page H9349]]  ourselves, our parents, and, most importantly, our children. I want to  thank the chairman for his guiding leadership through this effort.   