 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in strong support of S. 544 to eliminate  the sunset on the Veterans Choice Program.   This bill will basically allow the Department of Veterans Affairs to  continue spending previously appropriated resources in the Veterans  Choice Program to provide direct and timely patient care to veterans.  It allows the VA to charge a veteran's healthcare insurer for  nonservice-connected care so that veterans aren't sent expensive  medical bills, wasting time trying to figure out how to get them paid.  Finally, it allows the VA to share medical information with community  care providers so patient care is better coordinated.   This legislation is identical to H.R. 369, which passed unanimously  in our Committee on Veterans' Affairs. It includes amendments offered  by members of that committee.   I would like to take a moment, Mr. Speaker, to congratulate and thank  the chairman of the committee for the bipartisan way that he approached  this. The issue of veterans care is a passionate issue for all of us.   The issue of the Choice Program arose out of the crisis in Phoenix  and other places in 2014, and a sunset that needed to be addressed was  handled in a professional manner. It brought all parties together. I  think the chairman is going to get a unanimous vote. They have got one  in the Senate.   I can see that, under less steady hands, where this may have bogged  down, and I appreciate the chairman's sense of urgency in getting it to  this point. It puts us in a good place. So thank you for that.   It also gives us the time we need to come to a bipartisan fix for the  Choice Program. We know, under the Choice Program, veterans are still  waiting too long to receive care. As we said, in 2014, we all supported  the Choice Act because of the crisis. Throughout the country, veterans  were waiting, and in some cases dying, because they were waiting for  care. If we recall right, an honorable and decent man, the VA  Secretary, resigned over this crisis. So this was an important issue  that needed to be addressed. We passed the Choice Act so that veterans  could get that care.   The Choice Program was created as a temporary fix, designed to end  this summer or when the VA spent the $10 billion. As the chairman said,  there is about $1 billion left in Choice. With veterans still in need  of care, we cannot possibly allow that to go back without addressing  where it needs to go. It would be a waste of money, a waste of time,  and it would make veterans' wait times even higher.   The bill gives us time to rewrite the Choice Program. The bill will  give us time to address all of the problems with Choice so that  veterans' care is managed and coordinated with VA and community care  providers and so that veterans do not have wait times. It will also  make sure the money will continue to be spent on veterans' health care.   I look forward to working with the chairman. As I said earlier, his  steady hand and visionary leadership has gotten us to this point. It  will ensure that we can figure out what the next iteration of  community-based care looks like, and we can come together, bring that  to the floor, and get it passed.   For this reason, I would urge my colleagues to support this  legislation so veterans can receive their care now while Congress  continues to work to improve upon that.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New  Hampshire (Ms. Kuster), my good friend and a friend of all veterans,  our ranking member on the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, at this time it is my privilege to yield 3  minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. Takano), my good friend  and also a good friend of veterans, the vice ranking member of the full  Committee on Veterans' Affairs,    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Brownley), the ranking member of our Health  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. O'Rourke), my good friend, the ranking member of our Economic  Opportunity Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining?  I have two speakers to go.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Correa), a good friend, a new member of the Veterans'  Affairs Committee, someone who came to the House of Representatives and  asked to serve veterans and be on the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nevada  (Mr. Kihuen), who has taken a keen interest in veterans' issues. I am  grateful that he is here today.    Mr. Speaker, once again, I would like to thank the  chairman, the staff, and everyone who has been here.   I think, of all the committees that are modeling the behavior of  democracy, bipartisanship, and what our government stands for, the  Veterans' Affairs Committee is one that takes that responsibility  seriously. The chairman always models it. I think this is a case of  that.   You heard the speakers come here. This is a big issue. There may be  some differences in how the delivery, long term, looks, but there is no  division on getting the best and most timely care to our veterans.   With that, I encourage my colleagues to support S. 544.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   