 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, as chairman of the Subcommittee on Europe  and Regional Security Cooperation, I rise today to support Montenegro's  accession to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, also known as  NATO.   NATO is a defensive alliance founded in 1949 to provide collective  security against the threat posed by the Soviet Union. Although the  world had hoped that the threat had subsided with the collapse of the  Soviet Union, under the rule of Vladimir Putin, Russia has become an  ever-growing menace to its neighbors and to world peace and security.  As a result, NATO remains as relevant today as it was in the year of  its founding.   As Defense Secretary GEN James Mattis stated in his January  confirmation hearing, ``If we did not have NATO today, we would need to  create it.''   NATO has evoked article 5 of its charter--which states that an attack  against one member shall be considered an attack against all--only once  in its history, in response to the 9/11 attacks against America. Since  then, our NATO allies have sent their sons and daughters to fight and  die alongside our own in the generational war against radical Islamist  terrorism.   The accession of Montenegro to NATO is important for a number of  reasons. Montenegro has shown that it is committed to NATO and to  making the internal reforms required to remain a member in good  standing. Because of that commitment, Montenegro's membership in NATO  will enhance stability in Europe.    Finally, Russia's alleged support of an attempted coup in Montenegro  must not be rewarded by NATO turning its back on a country that  exhibits such courage in resisting Russia's persistent aggression.   Just a few days ago, I met with Montenegro's Foreign Minister and the  Ambassador to the United States. They expressed their sincere gratitude  that the Senate will be voting this week on their accession and that  Montenegro would be one step closer to aligning itself with the  freedom-loving nations of NATO.   Montenegro is a small country, but it has already demonstrated its  commitment to the international community in implementing internal  reforms. Montenegro has sent members of its military to Afghanistan in  support of the International Security Assistance Force and as a member  of the coalition to counter ISIS.   In the years leading up to its formal invitation to join the  alliance, Montenegro has partnered with NATO members to make a wide  range of changes to strengthen its military, its intelligence  operations, and its rule of law. While it currently falls short of the  goals stated in the 2014 NATO Wales Summit to spend 2 percent of its  GDP on defense, Montenegro has committed to meeting this target by  2024.   Expanding NATO to include nations that desire to join the alliance  and commit to meeting membership requirements contributes to a strong  and stable Europe. It wasn't all that long ago that the Balkans region  was unstable and war-torn, but because Slovenia, Croatia, and Albania  have joined NATO, the Balkans is a far more stable region. Montenegro's  accession will further enhance the stability of the Balkans and greater  Europe.   Finally, I support Montenegro and NATO because it sends a clear  message to Moscow that it cannot deter NATO from expanding the alliance  and it cannot bully countries to prevent them from joining. Russia has  warned Montenegro that it will face consequences if it continues to  pursue NATO membership. As Russia continues its destabilizing actions  throughout Eastern Europe and the world, it is imperative that we send  an unwavering message of strength and resolve by approving Montenegro's  accession to NATO.   In an era defined by polarization, Montenegro's accession to NATO has  been thoroughly bipartisan. I thank my ranking members on the European  subcommittee, Senator Murphy for the current Congress and Senator  Shaheen during the 114th Congress, for their strong support on this  issue. I also thank Chairman Corker and Ranking Member Cardin for their  continued efforts to move this legislation forward, Senator McCain for  being an outspoken supporter of Montenegro's accession, and Leader  McConnell for his willingness to bring the protocol on the accession of  Montenegro to the Senate floor.   It is time for the United States to approve Montenegro's accession to  NATO. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has twice unanimously  approved this measure, and Secretary of State Tillerson has  communicated this administration's full support for Senate passage.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of Montenegro's accession and  hope President Trump will soon sign the protocol on the accession of  Montenegro.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   