 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I know we are working through these  nominations, and there is an important one before us now, but as we  continue to debate it, I thought it would be a good time to talk about  the overall function of the Federal Government and some of the  important things it does.   Today I had occasion to meet with individuals on behalf of the ONE  organization. It is a fantastic group I learned about for the first  time in 2010. I was running for the U.S. Senate, and a group of  activists in black shirts with a round white symbol on the shirt that  said ``ONE''--and I didn't know what it was. I thought it was maybe a  protester or someone of that nature. They were very polite, and in the  end they approached me and started talking about it. They are a group  of supporters of global engagement on behalf of the United States,  cofounded by Bono, the front man for the band U2, which I think is  familiar to most people at this point. So they are here again today,  and we had an opportunity to meet with them early this morning. Many of  the Members around here perhaps have seen them visit around the  Capitol.   That brought to mind something I want to talk about today, and that  is the broader issue of U.S. foreign aid, the State Department, and  engagement in the world. Let me back up and tell you what I think I  hear--that most people hear around here as well from a lot of people.  This has been going on for a long time. I don't blame people because  people have real lives, businesses to run, and families to raise so  they are not watching the Federal budget, line by line, on a regular  basis.   There is a perception out there that the U.S. Government spends an  extraordinary percentage of our overall  [[Page S1470]]  budget on foreign aid. I saw a poll recently, a legitimate poll  conducted, and it asked people: How much of the Federal budget do you  think goes out of the country? And the average was 26 percent. That is  what people thought. Of course the truth is, it is nothing even close  to that.   I want to begin by saying that today foreign aid as a part of our  overall budget is less than 1 percent of the total amount the U.S.  Government spends--less than 1 percent. The second thing people bring  up is: Well, but we have so many problems in America. We do. We have  real issues we need to confront. Why do we spend so much money on these  other countries when we have so many problems here at home? That is a  legitimate question. People should ask that. I think it is important  for those of us who believe in global engagement and believe in the  function of foreign aid to justify it, to never take it for granted,  and to constantly examine it to make sure the money is being spent well  and that it is worth spending at all. That is what I wanted to come to  the floor to do today for a few minutes.   I know we are soon going to end a budget cycle. There will be debate,  and every dollar in the budget should justify itself. I want to explain  for a moment why I believe global engagement and foreign aid are so  critical.   Here is the first reason. The world has always been interconnected,  especially for America. We are not a small, obscure nation. We are the  most influential, the most consequential nation on the planet. I can  tell you that almost without exception, if there is a major crisis  anywhere on this planet, it will eventually have a nexus to life in  America in one way or another.   You think about one of the controversial issues that has been debated  in Washington and being discussed politically is the Syrian refugees. I  remember a couple of years ago that people would tell me: Well, it is  very sad what is happening in Syria, but what does that have to do with  us? Well, 2 or 3 years later, I think we all know the answer; that is,  when refugees are created anywhere in the world, it is natural that a  significant percentage of them want to come to the richest, freest,  safest nation in the world, and that is the United States of America.   It also impacts our allies. We have seen it in Europe where a  tremendous strain has been placed upon our allies in Europe. A  significant amount of the budget in Germany, where I was recently just  visiting, is being spent on dealing with the refugee crisis and the  impact it is having on them. I would tell you that what happens in the  world has a direct consequence to the United States.   Here is another fact for why it matters to America. This is a key  fact that I was able to pull up today--or my staff was. Twelve of the  fifteen top trading partners of the United States were once recipients  of U.S. foreign assistance.   I think the best way to justify foreign assistance is to understand  the history of it. Let's go back in time. Let's go to the end of the  Second World War. Europe was in ruins. Japan was in ruins. The United  States, had it behaved like most great powers in history, would have  either abandoned those nations itself or the United States would have  conquered them and made Japan a colony or made Germany a dependent on  the United States. Instead, through the Marshall Plan the United States  rebuilt Western Europe and in particular Germany. Through additional  assistance, the United States provided aid to rebuild post-war Japan.  For the Japanese, between 1946 and 1952, the United States invested  $2.2 billion--or $18 billion in today's dollars--in Japan's  reconstruction efforts. That amounts to more than one-third of the $65  billion in goods the United States exported to Japan just last year, in  1 year alone.   What is the result of this aid? Here is the result. Today we have a  prosperous, unified Germany, which is a strong member of NATO and a  strong ally of the United States. We have in Japan the world's third  largest economy and one of the most important allies of this great  country of ours in the Asia-Pacific region. This would not have been  possible without U.S. assistance. Did it help the people of Japan and  the people of Germany? Absolutely. Did it help the people of the United  States? Without question.   Is the world a better place today because Germany is a free  democratic nation involved in trade, involved in alliances with us,  deploying troops around the world for NATO missions? Without a doubt.  Is the world a better place because Japan is the third largest economy  and a strong ally of the United States in the Asia-Pacific region?  Without a doubt. That is an example of the fruit of U.S. engagement.   Some would say to me: Well, that was after the Second World War. That  was a catastrophic event, but as a matter of course, what else has  borne fruit? Isn't this just money we throw down a hole and never see  results of? I would tell you that is not the case.   I would point to South Korea. It is hard to believe, but just a few  decades ago South Korea was poorer than North Korea. South Korea had  less money, less of an economy, less prosperity than North Korea.  Today, South Korea is an industrialized, fully developed economy--one  of the largest economies in the world. A nation that not long ago was a  military dictatorship is now a vibrant, functioning democracy and a  strong American ally.    Again, another example--do you want one in our own hemisphere? Look  at the country of Colombia. Not long ago, Colombia was basically a  failed state. That country had been overrun by drug gangs, the  cartels--the Medellin Cartel, the Cali Cartel. The government was on  the verge of collapse. Presidential candidates were being  assassinated--an extraordinary source of instability in the Western  Hemisphere. Colombia still has challenges, but in helping them move  forward with Plan Colombia, today trade between the United States and  Colombia is at $14 billion, and as of last year, it actually was a  surplus.   What is more, Colombia is now a force multiplier for our cousins. For  example, if you visit Honduras, as I did during the summer, and you see  the Honduran police and the Honduran special forces being trained to  take on the criminal elements and cartels in that country, do you know  who is there training them alongside of our people? The Colombians--the  Colombian military units who have the same uniform, the same training,  the same weaponry, and the same practices as the Green Berets of the  United States, and they are a force multiplier. Today, Colombia is  doing the things America once had to do because of the aid we provided  them, and they are perhaps our strongest ally in the Western  Hemisphere.   It goes on and on from a human perspective. You think about America  and America's Feed the Future Initiative. It is an initiative that has  trained thousands of farmers in Tanzania over the last decade. Now our  country exports to them, and exports to Tanzania from the United States  have increased by 500 percent.   An important point, by the way, is that there have been reductions in  foreign aid over the last few decades. Today, we spend 50 percent less  on foreign aid than we did as a percentage of our gross domestic  product when President Reagan was in office, which was near the end of  the Cold War. There is rationale for this, as well, for our economy and  for our national security.   From an economic perspective, 95 percent of the consumers in the  world--95 percent of the people on this planet who buy things--live  outside of the United States. Seven of the ten fastest growing  economies happen to be in the developing world. So if you are an  American company that makes things--and I know we want to make things  in America again--you have to sell them to someone. If you can only  sell them to 5 percent of the world's population that happens to live  in the United States of America, that is one thing, but imagine how  much more you could sell, how much more money you could make, how much  more value you would have for your shareholders, how many more  employees and jobs you would create if you could sell to more of that  95 percent of the people around the world. You cannot sell to people  and people cannot be consumers if they are starving. They cannot be  consumers if they are dying of HIV/AIDS. They cannot be consumers if  they are dying of malaria. They cannot be consumers if they live in an  unstable country.   So there is an economic rationale for our investment around the  world. We  [[Page S1471]]  are helping people to emerge from poverty and to ultimately become  members of a global consumer class that buys American goods and  services. We are, in essence, planting the seeds for markets to develop  that we can trade with and that we can sell to. That is one of the  reasons it is so important. That is one of the reasons that today one  out of five American jobs is tied to international trade and that one  in three manufacturing jobs in America is tied to exports. You cannot  export unless there are people on the other end of the deal to buy it  from you, and we want as many people in the world as possible to be  able to afford to buy things from us. In many places around the world,  it begins by ensuring that they are alive and then by ensuring that  they have the education they need to develop an economy so that their  people can become consumers and trade partners with us.   The list goes on and on in terms of the accomplishments it has had.   Our global anti-malaria program has saved over 6 million lives,  primarily those of children under the age of 5. PEPFAR, which is the  President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, has saved more than 11  million people and has prevented 2 million babies from being born with  HIV. The number of school-age children worldwide who are not going to  primary school dropped to 57 million children in the year 2015. That is  still too many, but the number was nearly twice that--100 million--just  7 years ago. There has been a 99-percent reduction in polio cases  thanks to the efforts we have led in the vaccination program. The list  goes on and on.   There is a national security component to this, and here it is:  Imagine for a moment that you are a child born in Africa, that your  parents had HIV, and that they survived because of American assistance.  Imagine if you yourself were someone who survived HIV or malaria  because of American assistance or that you got to go to school because  of American help or that because of American assistance you didn't  contract polio the way your relatives used to. Imagine if you were one  of these young people around the world whose lives are better because  of the help of the American taxpayer. This is never going to be 100  percent for sure, but I promise you it is going to be a lot harder to  recruit someone to anti-Americanism and anti-American terrorism if the  United States of America is the reason one is even alive today. That is  the national security component, apart from allowing countries to  become more stable and provide for their people and for themselves.   By the way, when we talk about the international affairs budget, it  is not just foreign aid; it is everything--diplomatic relationships  with the global community, security assistance with key allies--Israel.  As an example, it provides them $3 billion in military assistance as  they are a key ally in a strategic part of the world.    We have talked about the health clinics in the schools and the  humanitarian relief efforts. I remember going to the Philippines about  3 or 4 years ago. One of the first things people mentioned to me was  that after that horrible storm that killed and hurt so many people,  they woke up one morning and saw a U.S. aircraft carrier off the  horizon, and they knew things were going to be better because America  was on the case. Think about the power and what that means for our  Nation and the impact it has on people around the world. This is part  of it.   By the way, when we travel abroad--when you are an American and you  are in another country and you lose your passport or your wallet gets  stolen or you have any sort of an issue--you have to work abroad, as do  many people whom I know, and we get the calls in our office from people  who have kids who are studying abroad and have an issue and have to go  to the consulate or the Embassy--this is the budget that pays for that  stuff. This is the budget that pays for that.   If you are a company that decides ``I want to do business in this new  country. I want to fly to this country and find some customers and  maybe come back to America and hire 20 more people so that we can build  products to sell. I want to expand our reach,'' it is our U.S.  Embassies and the agencies working within them that are helping to make  those connections for American businesses. That is part of this budget.   When we talk about this, I think it is critical for us as leaders to  explain to the American people just exactly what it is we are talking  about. We always want to put America first. We always want to think  about the American people first. That is our obligation. But I think  this is part of that. If you really want to help the American people,  you have to ensure that the world we live in is a more stable place.   I close by saying that this always gets back to the argument that  some make: Why does it have to be us? We have been doing this for so  long. We have been involved in this for so long, and we have spent so  much money and so much blood and treasure around the world for the  cause of freedom, democracy, humanitarianism, and the like. Why does it  have to be America?   I think that gets to the fundamental question of, what kind of  country do we want to be? The choice before us is that it has to be  America because there is no alternative. That is the point I hope  people remember and understand. There is no alternative for America in  the world today. If America decides to withdraw from the world, if  America decides to step back, if America declines and our influence  around the world becomes less palpable, what will replace it?   There are only two things that can replace it--not the U.N. There are  only two things that can step into whatever America leaves if it steps  back. No. 1 is totalitarianism. For the growing movement around the  world led by China and Russia and North Korea and Iran, it is the  totalitarian regimes. That is the first thing that can step in and fill  the vacuum. The other is nothing. The other alternative to America is  nothing. It is a vacuum, and that vacuum leads to instability, and that  instability will lead to violence, and that violence will lead to war.  That will ultimately come back and impact us whether we want it to or  not. This is the choice before us.   Without a doubt, I am the sponsor of a law that we passed last year,  foreign aid accountability. I want to make sure that every dollar of  American taxpayer money that is invested abroad for these purposes is  spent well and is not going to line the pockets of corrupt dictators. I  100 percent agree with that. Yet this idea that somehow we can just  retreat from our engagement in the world is bad for national security,  it is bad for our economy, and it isn't good for policymakers who want  to put the American people first. By the way, it doesn't live up to the  standards of who we are as a people.   I have said this many times before, and in this I am guided by my  faith. I believe that to whom much is given, much is expected. That is  what the ancient words and Scripture teach us. I think that principle  is true for people, and I think that principle is true for nations. I  believe in the depth of my heart that our Creator has honored America's  willingness to step forward and help those around the world, and I  believe He will continue to do so as long as we use our blessings not  just for our good but for the good of mankind.   I hope that in the weeks to come, as we debate the proper role of  government and the proper way to fund it, we understand what a critical  component foreign aid and the international affairs budget is to our  national security, our economic interests, and our very identity as a  people and as a nation.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   