 Mr. President, we are nearing the finish line this week  on providing Nevadans and all Americans the real tax relief that they  deserve and that they have been promised. As a member of the Senate  Finance Committee, I have been fighting every day for the Senate to  stay in Washington--even 24/7--until the job gets done. Today, we are  getting the job done. That is because I know just how critical middle- class tax relief is for the people in my home State of Nevada. Let me  tell you why.   The majority of Americans are not only struggling to get ahead, they  are struggling to just get by. It has been reported that nearly 8 in 10  Americans who work full time are living paycheck to paycheck. That is a  slight increase from previous years.   If you live in Nevada, you are more likely to be living paycheck to  paycheck than if you were to live in most other States. To put that  into perspective, housing costs are reported to consume nearly a  quarter of Nevadans'  [[Page S8104]]  paychecks. One report suggests that after the cost-of-living expenses  are taken out of their paychecks, the average Nevadan has a little more  than $700 left. During a recent telephone townhall, I heard from a  teacher in Las Vegas who spoke about her stagnant wages. This teacher,  like most Americans, has not seen a meaningful pay raise in years.   But right now, for many Americans, it is not so much about getting a  raise as it is getting back to where they once were. In Nevada, the  real median household income is $7,000 lower today than it was in 2007.  Let me repeat that. In Nevada, the real median household income is  $7,000 lower today than it was 10 years ago. At the same time,  childcare expenses have skyrocketed. In this country, the average cost  for an infant in center-based care can be as high as $17,082 per year.  By the way, that is more than a semester at the University of Nevada,  Las Vegas. It is more than a semester at the University of Nevada,  Reno. In Nevada, that means that the average single parent could spend  as much as 36 percent of his or her annual income to send an infant to  center-based care.   Given rising housing and childcare expenses alone, middle-class  families in Nevada and around this country are having a hard time  covering day-to-day expenses and planning for their futures. Nearly one  in five Americans has nothing set aside to cover an unexpected  emergency, while nearly one in three Americans doesn't have at least  $500 to cover an unexpected emergency expense. So it is fair to say, in  Nevada at least, that the recession has never really ended.   Under the failed economic policies of the Obama administration,  Nevadans suffered through 8 years of historically low economic growth.  Think about that. In those 8 years, the average economic growth was  less than 2 percent. As a result, wages and workers suffered, job  creation suffered, and middle-class Americans suffered.   We are now at a crossroads. We have a chance to change course. We  have the opportunity to pass meaningful tax cuts that will lift middle- class families, our communities, and our economy.   If you are against this bill, you are satisfied with the anemic 2- percent economic growth that was ushered in by the Obama  administration. You accept this dismal growth as the new normal, but I  will never accept this as the new normal. I think we can do better. In  fact, I know we can do better. We have already seen improvement since  President Trump has taken office.   If you are against this bill, you are against giving small businesses  the chance to actually get off the ground and hire workers. You are  against giving them better opportunities to expand, to invest, to  increase wages, and to hire more workers. I know that our small  businesses employ nearly half of all U.S. workers, and I know that this  bill will make it easier for them to continue doing what they do best,  and that is creating jobs.   Lastly, if you are against this bill, you are against tax cuts for  the middle class because that is what this bill is all about, and if  you know that nearly one-third of Americans don't have $500 to cover an  emergency expense, then you know just how important a few extra dollars  per month are to them. I do, and that is why I have been fighting to  get this bill to the President's desk.   Earlier today, I was pleased to see the House pass the conference  report that reconciles our two tax reform bills, and I look forward to  soon having the opportunity to vote in support of this pro-growth  package that delivers critically important tax relief to America's  middle class and small businesses--a pro-growth package that will help  boost jobs, a pro-growth package that will increase wages, a pro-growth  package that will drive growth in our local communities, and a pro- growth package that will give a Nevada family of four, making $85,000  per year, a tax cut of $2,254 or, roughly, a relief of 20 percent of  its tax liability, according to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation.   Today, our small businesses and middle class suffer under an outdated  and unfair Tax Code that crushes job creation and makes it harder for  Nevadans and people all across this country to get ahead.   The fact is simple: After 30 years of disrepair and neglect, our  current tax system needs to be fixed. Everybody knows that it doesn't  work, that it is rigged against our job creators, and that it should be  overhauled. These are the very problems our tax relief package helps to  address.   I also recently spoke with an ambitious and hard-working Nevadan, an  entrepreneur who started his own business while going to school full  time. This young job creator brought up the enormous amount of money  that he is paying in taxes, as well as how complicated it is to  navigate the current system. He also spoke of an uneven playing field  that tipped the system in favor of his foreign competitors. He wanted  to know when Congress would deliver on reforms to boost the  competitiveness of all American job creators.   Lastly, just this past weekend, I ran into a small business owner who  said that he paid $160,000 in taxes last year. He said that $160,000  amounted to two pieces of machinery that he could have installed at his  small manufacturing facility--machines that would have necessitated the  creation of two highly paid jobs--jobs that would have been created but  for our unfair tax system.   From their perspectives and from mine, Nevada has been waiting too  long for a fairer, simpler Tax Code that they can enjoy. Nevadans, like  most Americans, know how important passing this tax relief package is  to our country's economy. Nevadans have seen the increased levels of  economic growth under the new administration and know that this tax  relief bill will add to it.   Let's talk about what this tax bill does and does not do.   This tax bill lowers individual tax rates across the board and let's  taxpayers keep more of their hard-earned money.   This tax bill roughly doubles the standard deduction that is used by  most taxpayers, which gives a massive tax cut to the roughly 90 percent  of Nevadans who are expected to use it.   This tax bill includes my amendment to double the child tax credit-- an increase of $1,000 per child over current law--which will go a long  way toward addressing the skyrocketing costs of childcare in my State  and across the country.   This tax bill also includes my amendment to make it easier for  startups and businesses to give lower level employees ownership stakes  in their companies' successes by awarding stock options.   This tax bill protects and expands the medical expense deduction for  our Nation's most vulnerable, as well as preserves popular retirement  savings options, such as 401(k)s and individual retirement accounts.   This bill does not change the tax treatment of the student loan  interest. It does not change graduate tuition waivers. It does not  change the tax treatment of employer-paid tuition or the teacher  deduction.   It preserves the tax exemption for private activity bonds that are  used to finance private projects with a public benefit. These bonds  benefit a wide array of individuals and organizations, such as charter  schools, and are of great importance to the homeschool community.   Overall, this tax bill accomplishes my three major goals of, one,  creating jobs; two, increasing wages; and three, boosting American  competitiveness.   Regardless of the tales that my friends from across the aisle want to  tell you, this bill not only cuts taxes, but it also increases wages.   We have a prime opportunity today to provide real tax relief to  Nevadans and other Americans who have been waiting for a fairer,  simpler Tax Code, real relief that lets the middle class keep more of  its hard-earned money and makes our Tax Code easier to understand.  There is less paperwork and more money in people's back pockets. There  is real relief that also produces more quality jobs, higher wages, and  growth in our communities.   This tax relief bill is a positive step toward restoring Nevadans'  faith in the American dream by providing tax cuts for middle-class  families and jump-starting job creation, higher wages, and economic  growth.   I will continue to work with my colleagues in both Chambers to ensure  that this desperately needed legislation makes it across the finish  line to the  [[Page S8105]]  President's desk before the end of this week.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Daines). The Senator from Indiana.   