 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today I must ask a question of this Chamber: What makes  America great?   Do we measure greatness by the strength of our economy or by the size  of our military?   Is greatness defined by export prices and profits of corporations?   You see, Mr. Speaker, I don't think that is the case. I believe that  we are a nation built upon a set of unshakable values. It is our  ability to uphold these values, not the rise and fall of the stock  market, that will ultimately define our greatness.   One of our values is this: if you work hard, set goals, and refuse to  give up, you can fulfill your dreams. As Americans, this value is  engrained into all of us. We repeat it each and every day, and we tell  our kids to follow their dreams, or tell them that they can be anything  that they want when they grow up.   We say these things, Mr. Speaker, because we believe them. We believe  that hard work pays off. We believe that dreams can come true.   Yet, on September 5 of this year, President Trump ignored these  American beliefs when he ended the DACA program. That decision told  nearly 800,000 young people in this country that their hard work didn't  matter and that their dreams of pursuing success might not pay off in  the end.   These young DREAMers, who are as American as any of us, go to school  here, they have jobs here, they raise families in our communities, and  they serve in our military.   This is why each and every day we fail to pass the Dream Act, we call  the values that make our country great into question. If we fail to  pass this bipartisan legislation, then we are no longer a nation where  hard work pays off.   I will be forced to explain that to DREAMers in my district. I will  have to tell Minerva, who paid her way through college, that she will  have to give up her dream of medical school. I will have to explain to  Leticia that, despite becoming the first in her family to attend  college, she will not be able to fulfill her dream of serving others as  a social worker.   You see, Mr. Speaker, these are real young people with real dreams.  They deserve a real answer. They put in the work, they have done  everything they can to build lives in this country, and we need to come  together to make sure that we uphold our values and allow them to  continue those lives here.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against the previous  question so that we can bring the Dream Act to the floor for a vote  immediately. This country is great because we uphold our values. Mr.  Speaker, it is time that we prove that.   