 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to speak about President  Trump's decision to shut down the DACA Program, the so-called Dream  program that allows children who were brought here by their parents,  often at a very young age, and who grew up here and are now, as far as  they know, full Americans--this is their home--to not be thrown out of  their adopted country and sent home to a place that they do not know,  all because of what  [[Page S4994]]  their parents did when they were still children. We don't even hold  children accountable for contracts they enter into. You have to be an  adult to be held accountable for a contract you enter into. Yet,  apparently, this President is willing to take these children, break up  their families, and send them to a country they do not know, all  because of a decision that was made by their parents, in some cases  when these kids were infants.   I have spoken to these kids, who are generally called Dreamers, who  have no memory of living anyplace other than this country. I don't know  about the Presiding Officer, but it is hard for me to scroll back and  come up with any concrete memories of when I was 1 or 2 or 3 years old.  These are kids who grew up in American schools. They grew up in  American families. They grew up playing American sports. They grew up  as a part of our culture. But now, for reasons that really defy humane  explanation, the President wants to cast a cloud over about 800,000  children--now turned into young adults in many cases and many more who  are right behind them in the program--who were looking forward to this  as something they could do when they came of age to get their full-on  DACA permit.   We have over 1,000 people who are approved under the DACA Program in  Rhode Island. We are pretty proud of them. They have served in the  military. They have had jobs around the country.   Ninety-one percent of DACA recipients are employed, pay taxes, and  contribute to Social Security. When we had the immigration debate, that  is what we said we wanted people to do: Pay your taxes, get a job, pay  into Social Security, support yourself, and support the system around  you. Well, they have done that. But because of a decision they did not  even make--a decision that under American law they would be incapable  of making because they were not adults--this shadow of punishment and  family disruption has been put over them by perhaps the least humane  person ever to hold the office of President of the United States. And  if this doesn't prove that proposition, there are plenty more that do.   I understand that our leader has urged Speaker Ryan and Majority  Leader McConnell to get Senator Durbin's and Senator Graham's Dream Act  up for a vote. I think it will pass. I think it will pass with more  than 60 votes. I think we, at least--the decent Members of the Senate-- can lift that cloud of fear, threat, and anxiety. I think we should. I  think we should do it soon. And if Majority Leader McConnell is not  interested in bringing this to the floor, I understand that Senator  Schumer has made it pretty clear that he is going to insist on  attaching this bill to some other measure as we move forward this year.  I completely support him.   This President said that he loves these kids and wants to approach  this issue with a big heart. Huh. The White House, which, the last I  heard, the President of the United States runs, put out talking points  telling these kids to get ready to depart. Get ready for departure from  this country. Really? That is the big heart--to threaten 800,000 kids  who have played by the rules, who have done what the Government of the  United States asked them to do, to get ready to depart? Because of  what--some crime they committed? No. They committed no crime, but  because their parents brought them here as kids.   Jean came here from Peru. He was brought to the United States by his  parents when he was a few months old. He is 23 now. If he were to go  back to Peru, he would have to move to a village where he has never  lived, that is not in a safe area, that he does not know because he has  been here for over 20 years--22 and change if he is 23 now.   Rodrigo Pimental came here from Portugal at 10 months old. Rhode  Island has a very vibrant Portuguese community, of which we are really  proud. His parents came to join that community, pursue a better life,  start a small business, and succeed. Rodrigo doesn't even remember  Portugal. He has a computer science degree--a college computer science  degree. He says the United States is his home. What is the gain for our  country in telling Rodrigo Pimental, with his computer science degree  from college, that he needs to go back to Portugal because at 10 months  old his parents brought him here in search of a better life? Where the  heck is the justice or the decency in that?   These are all Rhode Island kids whom I am talking about. There are  hundreds of thousands of stories around the country.   Lesdin Salazar from Guatemala was brought to the United States by her  parents at age 7. We are going to break up that family and send her  back to Guatemala because why? Because at age 7 she didn't successfully  talk her parents out of bringing her here? Or maybe she should have  left her parents then: Oh, parents, boy, it would be illegal to go to  the United States without the proper paperwork. I can't be a part of  that. I am staying in Guatemala. You go.   Is that the expectation we have for a 7-year-old, that we would now  punish her with deportation and with breaking up her family? That is  the big heart of this President?   I will tell my colleagues about one of her memories. She doesn't  remember much of Guatemala, but she does remember sitting in her living  room with her parents watching President Obama announce the DACA  Program. She says that her family cried tears of joy when that  happened--at last, a path forward from the problem that was not of her  own making. She does not understand why the United States is giving so  many children an education here and then sending them back to other  countries, breaking up their families, and I don't, either. It makes no  sense.   Krissia Rivera came to Rhode Island from El Salvador. She came when  she was 8. Oh, so maybe that is old enough that she could have broken  up with her parents back then or talked them out of coming here. She  lived first in Maryland. Interestingly, she went to the same school the  President's son now attends. She came to Rhode Island and graduated  from college. She is currently in medical school at Brown University-- obviously somebody we want to get out of our country. She is scared.  She feels exposed.   I would like to have one person come to the Senate floor and tell me  what Krissia Rivera did at age 8 that was so wrong that we are willing  to take somebody who will have a Brown University medical school degree  and throw them out of our country for no reason. Explain that to me.   I will tell my colleagues, there is a lot that is embarrassing about  the way our President behaves. This is pretty bad, particularly in the  wake of the way he behaved after Nazi flags were paraded through  Charlottesville, VA--the city of Thomas Jefferson's great university.  He spent the next couple of days winking at White supremacist Nazi  types, equating their behavior with the behavior of the protesters who  came out. I would hope that if neo-Nazis were walking through  Providence, I would go out and protest. Am I as wrong as the Nazis? I  don't think so. But President Trump appears to think so--it was just  two sides having an evenhanded dispute. I don't think so.   When the President reacted to Charlottesville the way he did, he was  winking at the worst impulses in our society: bigotry, hatred,  discrimination of people based on color and religion--things that we  have fought back against for generations. Fighting back against those  evils is part of what makes us Americans. But does President Trump  fight back against those evils? No. Just a little wink, a little pat on  the head along the way: Keep it up, boys; I don't mind that much. No  difference between you and the people who come out because they are  outraged to see Nazi flags flying in Charlottesville, VA.   And now this. And now this. Who the hell is President Trump talking  to when he does this? Who gets the wink this time? If this isn't  another wink to bigotry and hatred and discrimination, I don't know  what is. No one can explain to me why an 8-year-old, who is such a good  person that she will come to a new country and come all the way to  Brown University's medical school, is to be punished for not having  broken up with her parents at age 8 when they brought her to this  country. It makes no sense.   I see the distinguished senior Senator from Illinois here on the  floor. The battle for the DACA Program and for the Dream Act has been a  cause of his political life. There is no person in this  [[Page S4995]]  Chamber to whom more credit is due for this program than Senator  Durbin. So with great respect, as well as affection, I will yield the  floor to him.   