 Madam President, I thank all of my colleagues, led by  Senator Cantwell, for joining me on the floor this afternoon.   We are speaking on behalf of millions of our constituents and of the  tens of millions of Americans who support a free and open internet. I  am proud to come to the floor to discuss an issue of national  importance to both our economy and our democracy--net neutrality.   Now, a lot of people have recently stopped and asked me: What exactly  is net neutrality?   The technical answer is that network neutrality, or net neutrality,  is the principle that internet service providers--you know their names:  Verizon, AT&T, Charter, Comcast--cannot discriminate against content  providers, against websites. They are the people to whom you pay by  check each month and who make sure that you have broadband service. You  know who they are. The simpler explanation is this: No one owns the  internet. Everyone can use the internet. Anyone can improve the  internet.   Yet that will not be the case if the Trump administration and Ajit  Pai, the Chairman, and Republicans have their way. They want to get rid  of the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules so that  the ISPs, the internet service providers, can indiscriminately charge  more for internet fast lanes, slow down websites, block websites, make  it harder--and, maybe, even impossible--for inventors, entrepreneurs,  and small businesses--the lifeblood of the American economy--to connect  to the internet.   That is why we are here this afternoon on the floor, and it is why  supporters of a free and open internet are vigorously opposed to this  politically craven attempt to weaken the principle of net neutrality  that has allowed the internet to flourish.  [[Page S7983]]    Tomorrow the Federal Communications Commission is voting on a  proposal that will cut at the very heart of a free and open internet.  They are voting to roll back net neutrality protections and send a love  letter to the big broadband companies that stand to make huge profits  without these rules.   So what are Chairman Pai and his broadband buddies really trying to  do?   The first thing they will do is to gut the rule against blocking.  What does that mean? It means that an internet service provider could  block any website it wants. That includes a website of a competing  service or a website with a contrary political view--whatever they  want.   Second, Chairman Pai would gut the rule against throttling. What does  that mean? It means that the internet service provider could slow down  any website it wants.   Third, Chairman Pai would gut the rule that bans paid prioritization.  What does that mean? It means that the internet service provider could  charge websites for an internet fast lane, meaning that those websites  could load more quickly, while the websites that could not afford the  internet's ``E-ZPass'' would be stuck on a gravel path and take more  time to load, frustrating consumers with long buffering times.   Fourth, Chairman Pai would gut the forward-looking general conduct  rule. What does that mean? The general conduct rule protects consumers  from harms such as data caps and other discriminatory behavior that  ISPs will think of in the coming months or years ahead.   Fifth, Chairman Pai would create an unregulated interconnection  market. What does that mean? It means that the Federal Communications  Commission would lose authority to oversee places at which ISPs connect  to the internet and extract fees.   Finally, Chairman Pai wants to prevent States and localities from  adopting their own net neutrality protections.   What will be the replacement for these enforceable net neutrality  rules today? What will replace them? Absolutely nothing. Chairman Pai  will leave it to the internet service providers to, simply, regulate  themselves in this unpoliced internet ``Wild West.''   Chairman Pai claims that the Federal Trade Commission--not the  Federal Communications Commission, which is the Commission of expertise  over telecommunications--somehow provides a sufficient backstop to bad  behavior by the ISPs, but that is simply not true.   Under the Federal Trade Commission, the big broadband barons would  establish their own net neutrality policies. That is like letting the  bullies develop their own playground rules. If the ISP wants to block  websites, slow down competitors' websites, and charge innovators and  entrepreneurs to reach their customers, they will be free to do so.  That is because the Federal Trade Commission can only step in if a  broadband provider violates its own net neutrality policies--that is,  the policy created by the broadband company itself. Yet, if an internet  service provider has a written policy that charges websites for  internet fast lanes, there is nothing the Federal Trade Commission can  do about it.   That is ridiculous, and it is wrong. Allowing the broadband industry  to set its own net neutrality protections is like letting the fox guard  the henhouse.   OK, so the Federal Trade Commission oversight will not work. Chairman  Pai claims that he has another solution. It is called transparency. He  argues that, if ISPs are transparent about their net neutrality  practices, consumers and businesses can simply choose to use a  broadband provider with the net neutrality practices that best suit  them. But what good is transparency when most Americans have little or  no choice for high-speed broadband access?   Consider this that 62 percent of Americans have only one choice for  high-speed, fixed broadband. That is right. Nearly two-thirds of the  country have only one choice from whom they can purchase broadband.  That means, if a household's only choice for high-speed broadband is  not transparent about its plans to set up internet fast and slow lanes,  the consumer has two choices--one, to accept the internet service  provider's terms or, two, to live without the internet. That is a false  choice. People do not want to live without the internet in the 21st  century.   Chairman Pai claims that internet service providers actually support  net neutrality but just not the open internet order under which we are  living today. That is like saying that you support democracy but not  the Constitution. It is like saying that you like math but you hate  numbers. It makes no sense.   The broadband barons have been fighting for years, both at the  Federal Communications Commission and in the courts, to block net  neutrality rules. It is crystal clear, and it has been for years. The  broadband companies are deeply opposed to net neutrality because they  want to drive up their profits by setting up internet fast and slow  lanes and charge consumers more for less. It is a simple formula.   Chairman Pai also claims that broadband investment has been  discouraged by the open internet order. That is false. Investment in  our broadband infrastructure is stronger than ever, and with the  deployment of 5G technologies on the horizon, we can expect this strong  investment to continue. Broadband investment in the aggregate has  increased in the 2 years since the FCC passed the open internet order.  Beyond just measuring dollars spent, broadband speeds also increased  after the 2015 order, meaning the ISPs have been improving the services  they offer to their consumers. Consider this: In 2016 almost half of  the venture capital funds invested in this country went toward  internet-specific and software companies. That is $25 billion worth of  investments.   We have hit the sweet spot. Investment in broadband and wireless  technologies is high, job creation is high, and venture capital  investment in online startups is high. Chairman Pai threatens to  disrupt this appropriate balance and squash innovation online. It is  clear that Americans do not want what the FCC is proposing. It seems as  though the only supporter of this plan is the broadband industry.   If Chairman Pai and his Republican colleagues turn a deaf ear to  millions of Americans standing up to net neutrality and approve their  plan tomorrow, we will continue this fight elsewhere. When the Obama- era rules were challenged by the internet service providers in 2015, I  led a congressional amicus brief with Congresswoman Eshoo in support of  the rules. Congresswoman Eshoo and I plan to do it again this time and  lead an amicus brief in defense of net neutrality. I also intend to  file a Congressional Review Act, or CRA, resolution of disapproval with  a number of my colleagues so that the U.S. Senate can vote to undo  Chairman Pai's proposal and restore the 2015 open internet order.   The Trump administration is waging an all-out assault on our core  protections: DACA, the Affordable Care Act, the Paris climate accord,  and the Clean Power Plan. Now Trump's Federal Communications Commission  has put net neutrality in its sights.   For all of those who rely upon the free and open internet, whether it  is for commerce, education, healthcare or entertainment, I urge you to  join me in this fight to create a firestorm of opposition to this  assault on net neutrality. This is a fundamental attack on the openness  of the internet that must be beaten, and we must now form an army of  ordinary Americans as the voices that will fight the special interests  and lobbyists in this city who want to shut down net neutrality  forever.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.   