 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to address  the Floor on this important issue.   Gentlemen, it was our first Commander in Chief, George Washington,  who said something to the effect that we can never expect our young men  and women to step forward and fight for our country unless those who  have already returned from the battlefield are taken care of.   This is a solemn oath that we all have to honor. It is critically  important. I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, in the State of Maine, we have  about 125,000 veterans, and we love our veterans. We understand what it  is like to fight for our freedom and to stand up for our way of life.   In the State of Maine, we have Togus Medical Center, which is the  first veterans hospital in the country, about 150 years old. We  understand this. They have great employees, and many of them are  veterans themselves.   However, a couple of years ago our country was shocked to learn that  there were and are some bad actors in this whole process. A few years  ago, we learned that some of the folks at the veterans facility in  Phoenix, Arizona, were cooking the scheduling books in order to get  paid more money through a bonus program when, in fact, they did not and  had not scheduled mental health appointments for some of our veterans  who were at risk, and, as a result, a number of those veterans died.  This is absolutely unacceptable.   There is nobody who has fought for this country on the front lines  who comes home, who needs help, that should be denied help; and it  certainty shouldn't be those who are supposed to take care of them who  are cooking the books for their own benefit.   Mr. Speaker, that is why I am asking every Republican and Democrat  here in this Chamber to support the Senate's bill, 1094. This is a good  bill that holds the VA employees accountable for improper behavior.  And, yes, sir, it does give, Mr. Speaker, management at the VA the  opportunity to replace, fire, or otherwise, those who are supposed to  care for our veterans who have chosen not to do so. Please support S.  1094   