 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, Americans have heard time and time again over the last  8 years that our economy is in the slowest recovery since World War II.  Why? It is because unelected bureaucrats bypass this body of Congress  and continually push out hundreds of burdensome regulations onto  American families who are struggling just to get by.   The onslaught of regulations by this administration has proven to  kill jobs, shut down businesses, and stifle our economic growth. But  now it is time to make good on our promise to make a brighter future  for Americans and begin to turn this Nation around.   Just as the American people expect us to know what it is in a bill  before we vote on it, it is equally important to know what is in a  regulation.   Most Federal agencies are required to conduct a thorough cost-benefit  analysis of each regulation before finalizing it. But this isn't always  the case for the Securities and Exchange Commission. While the SEC is  subject to some cost-benefit requirements when a new regulation could  have an overbearing impact on our marketplaces, they are exempt from  having to identify alternative policies.   I rise today in support of the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act  because it will require the SEC to follow its own core principle of  disclosure that it, in itself, enforces on the securities industry in  this Nation. This bill would require the SEC to disclose all the costs  and benefits of each proposed regulation to the public.    We must not allow regulatory agencies to be a roadblock to job  creation by failing to consider the impact proposed rules would have on  our securities market. Additionally, this bill requires the SEC to  clearly identify the nature of the issue before establishing a new  regulation.   Mr. Chairman, our economy cannot flourish without healthy capital  markets. We must hold regulatory agencies to strict standards, just as  they do the businesses they regulate across this Nation. This bill  takes meaningful steps toward achieving these goals, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes.''   