 Mr. Speaker, I would like to echo what everyone has said,  especially my colleagues, Mr. Green and others, from Texas who have  mentioned how we have pulled together. But I want to rise in strong  support of this disaster relief funding for those who have been  impacted by this terrible storm.   My district is in Texas 36, and it was totally devastated. All nine  counties have been declared Federal disaster areas. The entire district  was underwater, a vast lake, from Houston over to the Louisiana border.  The devastation is truly heartbreaking.   I have traveled to each county and assisted in the recovery efforts,  and I have met with the victims. H. Res. 502 provides desperately  needed resources to help our fellow Americans put their lives back  together again and provides a hand up, not a handout. Texans don't want  a handout, but we do need the help and the hand up.   In the midst of this devastation, the entire world has seen the  resiliency, compassion, and determination of the people of Texas, and I  am truly inspired by the incredible stories of goodness.   We have had multiple disasters, especially in my district--multiple-- even three disaster declarations for some of my counties over the past  3 years. I have met and talked to some of my constituents who had just  gotten back into their homes 2, 3 months ago from a flood that impacted  us last year. One has told me she still had the price tags on their  furniture when she woke up during the night to see water in her house.  These are the kinds of things that we are seeing.   But in the midst, as I have said, our churches, our first responders,  our private citizens, businesses, people from out of State--and I want  to especially commend the State of Louisiana, who came over and  provided hundreds of boat teams for us--all around the district, people  are helping one another.   I just want to urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this very,  very much-needed funding and showing our fellow Americans that we stand  with them in this terrible, terrible time.   I have been around a long time. I have seen storms--Hurricane Audrey  in the 1950s--and this storm, Hurricane Harvey, I have never seen one  like this before.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would delay the implementation  and enforcement of the electronic logging device mandate, currently set  to go into effect this December 18, until the end of the next fiscal  year, September 30, 2018.   But while this amendment is certainly about trucking, truckers, and  the businesses and jobs that depend on them, I think it speaks to  something more, something that all of us, who have the privilege of  serving here in the people's House, are absolutely here to do.   Reducing the regulatory burdens put in motion by previous  administrations is one of our most important jobs here in Congress: to  encourage entrepreneurship and create jobs in America.   This ELD mandate is one such regulation.   I am honored to stand with the independent truckers, our Nation's  agriculture producers, and countless small businesses to offer this  bipartisan amendment and fight on their behalf. More than 30  associations have endorsed this.   Let's make something clear: my amendment will not ban ELDs, and it  will not repeal the mandate from going into effect at a future date.   All my amendment does is delay the mandatory requirement that almost  every interstate hauling truck will have to pay for and install one of  these devices by the end of this year.   For those who have already installed an ELD and are satisfied with  it, my message is simple: if you like your ELD, you can keep your ELD.   While it is too late to use the Congressional Review Act on this  regulation, it is not too late to act.   Passage of this amendment and the underlying bill will set us on the  course to protect small businesses and prevent a major disruption to  the freight and shipping network just 1 week before this Christmas.   To all of my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee, I say thank  you for section 132 of this bill, which already provides relief from  the ELD mandate for livestock haulers. Please join me now to give  relief to all American truckers.   And to all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I say another  year will give the President time to nominate and confirm a full-time  Director of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, allow for  waivers and exemptions to be examined and adjudicated, and alleviate  the sticker shock for installation and compliance facing small trucking  companies this December 18.   We may disagree on many sorts of issues, but we will all go home on  the weekend to districts where small businesses are the very backbone  of our local communities and our economy. Let's give them a hand. Let's  take another year and get this thing right.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment and the underlying  bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would answer that some of the companies  with the worst safety records have had a full slate of ELDs in their  fleet for many years. There is evidence absolutely to the contrary of  what the gentleman just said.   Also, the Obama administration, who signed this bill into law during  a time when the House was Republican and the Senate was Democrat--the  Department of Transportation estimates that the cost of compliance for  this mandate is over $2 billion. That comes from the previous  administration itself.   So I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to give  relief to the small businesses. Three out of four truckers are in favor  of delaying the implementation of this mandate.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, in answer to my colleagues from Arkansas, I  appreciate what they are saying. However, the truth is that there is a  lot of confusion.   This is a mandate. Many of us came to Congress to roll back these  types of mandates and this type of regulatory bureaucracy, which  stifles entrepreneurship and the creation of jobs.   We are not trying to do away with this mandate. What we are trying to  do is delay it so that we can adjudicate, study, and let people find  out exactly how much it will cost because there are some disputes  there.   If you like your ELD, you can keep your ELD.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   