 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague from  Colorado for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate so much tonight the opportunity to speak  here during Special Orders. We could talk about the principles of  charity from the Scriptures. We could talk from the Scriptures on  principles of science. We could talk on principles of education. We  could even talk about the principles of taxation and be very up to date  as we deal with that here.   But tonight, as we discuss the issues of the Bible in this National  Bible Week, I want to go back to my earliest days in my childhood home.  I thank God that I had a mother and a father who would speak to me  about God's Word, from God's Word, and impart God's Word in my life  even when I didn't want it or didn't understand it.   I remember from my earliest days being taught to memorize Psalm  119:11, where it says: ``Thy Word I have treasured in my heart. That I  might not sin against Thee.''   As a young man, the thoughts of sin in some cases were enticing, but  I am glad that I had the opportunity to put the Scriptures in my life  because ultimately, through the course of time, it truly did change my  life.   It brought me to the Book of Romans, where in Romans, the third  chapter verse 23 said: ``For all have sinned and fallen short of the  glory of God.''   With that verse in the Psalm, my mother would say: Tim, this book  will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from this book.   I found the truth in both of those statements. What I found there in  Romans 3:23, that we have all sinned, I identified with that. But it  didn't end there because I went over a few pages to Romans 5:8, where  it said: ``But God demonstrated His own love toward us, in that while  we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.''   Those are words of Scripture. The Bible impacted my life. As a young  man, ultimately, I had to ask: Is that true?  [[Page H9250]]    I am so thankful that ultimately I admitted the truth, and I came to  Romans again, chapter 10:13, where it says: ``For whosoever will call  on the name of the Lord will be saved.''   My good friend from Colorado indicated how that changed his life. It  changed my life as well, admitting personally that I was a sinner in  need of a savior. The Bible said so. It changed my life.   Now, some might reject this. That is okay. But most who seek the  truth of the Bible are not disappointed. It truly changes lives.  Admittedly, I am not perfect--and my colleagues could identify with  that--but I am forgiven. I am forgiven, and every day I have a purpose  beyond myself to live in a way that makes a difference because of not  who I am, but who this book and my savior has made me be.   So I will end with this, Mr. Speaker, in my namesake, 2 Timothy 2:15,  it says to me specifically: Study to show thyself approved unto God, a  workman that doesn't need to be ashamed, accurately handling the word  of truth.   At the end of each day, Mr. Speaker, because of this passage, I ask,  first of all: Is God pleased?   Secondly, has the work been done well?   Thirdly, has the word--the truth--been used well in my life?   If I can answer in the affirmative to each of those based upon the  Bible, I know for whatever reason my God has been served well, and I  have done the work well.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for leading this  Special Order tonight talking about something so significant as the  Bible, and I pray that it imparts wisdom to all we do here.   