 Mr. President, the more things change, the more they seem  to stay the same. Republicans won the White House. Republicans control  the Senate. Republicans control the House. What will the first order of  business be for the new Republican majority? To pass a budget that  never balances, to pass a budget that will add $9.7 trillion of new  debt over 10 years.   Is that really what we campaigned on? Is that really what the  Republican Party represents?   Our first order of business will be a budget that never balances, a  budget that adds $9.7 trillion to the debt, and they tell us: Oh, but  it is not a budget. If you listen, they will say: No, no, it is a  vehicle to repeal ObamaCare.   Yet I have the title in front of me, which says a concurrent  resolution for the budget of 2017. We have special rules when you pass  the budget so that we may be able to repeal ObamaCare, and I am all for  that. But why should we vote on a budget that doesn't represent our  conservative view? Why would we vote on a budget that adds $9.7  trillion to the debt? Because we are in a hurry, we can't be bothered.   It is just numbers. I was told again and again: Swallow it. Take it.  They are just numbers. Don't worry. It is not really a budget.   Yet the legislation says it is a budget. The numbers say we will add  $9.7 trillion of new debt.   So I say: If they are only numbers, and if the numbers that are in  the budget don't matter, why don't we put numbers in that balance? Why  don't we put a vision into the budget that represents what Republicans  say they are for?   Republicans say they are the conservative party. Are we? When George  W. Bush was President for 8 years, the national debt went from $5  trillion to $10 trillion. The debt doubled under a Republican President  and a partially Republican Congress. Yet the words were these: Well, he  had Democrats to deal with, and if we could ever take all three  branches of government, things would be different.   The Republicans took over the House in 2010. They still didn't  control the  [[Page S39]]  Senate, but they said: If we only controlled the Senate, we could be  the conservative party again.   We have had an election. The conservative party--the supposedly  conservative party--won. Republicans control the House, the Senate, and  the Presidency, and the first item of business for the Republicans will  be to pass a budget that never balances--a budget that will add $9.7  trillion to the debt over 10 years.   This sign could have been put up for Obama's first budget. Every  Republican railed and said: $10 trillion--President Obama will add $10  trillion. And he did. President Obama doubled the debt again.   It went from $5 trillion to $10 trillion. The national debt went from  $5 trillion to $10 trillion under George W. Bush, and then it doubled  again under President Obama. It went from $10 trillion to nearly $20  trillion.   What are we looking at here? More debt, under a solidly unified  Republican Congress and a Republican President.   So you might scratch your head and say: The more things change, the  more they stay the same. Is it all smoke and mirrors? Is there really a  difference? Are Republicans different than Democrats? It is a pretty  important question. We are in such a hurry to repeal ObamaCare. I am  all for it. As a physician, nobody thinks that ObamaCare has been worse  for the country. Nobody more than me thinks it is a terrible piece of  legislation that has not helped the country and that has inflated our  costs and not helped. Yet do we have to add nearly $10 trillion of debt  in order to get at it?   So as this moves forward, I will offer a replacement. I will offer my  own budget. I will offer to strike and remove $10 trillion worth of  debt, and I will offer my own budget that balances within 5 years. How  do we do it? We give the authority to make the cuts where they should  be, where they are most wasteful in government, and we offer this  budget by simply freezing expenditures. You don't have to cut any  expenditures.   Every department of government could get what they got the last year.  If you think some departments of government need more money, cut other  departments of government. Frankly, there are some departments of  government you could eliminate and you would never know they were gone.  If the Department of Commerce were gone, a few corporate executives  would not be able to fly around on government jets. They could fly  around on their own jets. You would never know the whole entire  Department of Commerce was gone.   You can cut spending. You can actually get to the balance by not  cutting anything. So here is what happens. If you freeze the on-budget  spending, within a little over 5 years, your budget balances.   I remember a time when there were the moderates who were for freezing  spending, and the real conservatives were for cutting spending. Now  nobody is for cutting spending. When I bring it up that you can  absolutely not balance the budget if you are not willing to look at  entitlements, do you know what I am told by many well-meaning  Republicans? Don't write it down. Don't put it on paper because people  will be upset with you if you explain that to save Social Security, to  save Medicare, you will have to reform these entitlement programs. They  say: Let's just talk about waste. Let's just talk about fraud and  abuse. And I do, and we should eliminate all of those. But guess what.  If you eliminate all of the budgetary spending that we vote on--this is  called the discretionary spending. This would be the military and all  the rest of the nonmilitary. It is about $1 trillion, not including the  entitlements--Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. If you did just  the military and the nonmilitary and you reduced it 10 percent a year  for 10 years, and you virtually wiped out all discretionary spending,  you still don't balance the budget.   So, really, you are not a conservative if you are not willing to look  at all government spending. The budget cannot be balanced and the  budget will never balance unless we look at entitlements.   What does that mean? It means that because of demographics--we had  big families 60 years ago, with three, four, five kids to a family. Now  we have less than three kids to a family--probably two kids to a  family. So you had all the baby boomers born right after World War II,  and they are all retiring--60 million of them. So we have this huge  population boom, and you don't have as many workers. So the  demographics aren't working. Then you add to that the fact that we are  living longer.   When Social Security was started, the average life expectancy was 65.  It worked pretty well as a pension plan because you died. But now it is  great. We are living on average to 80, and if you make 80, you may well  make 90. What a great thing--longevity. But it is not working. Social  Security is not working. We spend more on recipients than we bring in  with the tax.   Medicare is even worse. The average taxpayer pays about $100,000 over  their lifetime in Medicare taxes. The average recipient takes out  $350,000. How big a problem is this? Medicare is $35 trillion to $40  trillion in the whole.   It is inexcusable that we are not talking about how we fix Medicare.  It is inexcusable that we are not talking about how to fix Social  Security. If we don't fix them, there is going to be a cliff. Within  about a decade, the cliff is so severe that everyone on Social Security  will suffer a 20-percent decline in their monthly check. It will happen  all at once if we don't fix it. Can we fix it? Yes, we have to talk  about it.   What we are doing today is kicking the can down the road. We have our  focus on ObamaCare, but we are taking our focus off the debt. As bad a  problem as ObamaCare is, as much as it has disturbed, destroyed, and  distorted the health care market, it may be that the debt is a bigger  problem.   So it is not a popular stand that I take today. I will be the only  Republican to vote against the Republican budget. That won't be  popular. But I ran for office. I left my medical practice. I am away  from my family. I spend long hours traveling here because I am  concerned about the debt.   We borrow $1 million a minute. The debt threatens the very foundation  of our country. Yet here we are. The Republican Party controls the  House, the Senate, and the White House, and in their haste, they put  forward a budget that is going to add this much debt.   This is what the debt has been doing. Here is 1980. We see the  growth. It has become exponential--the growth of the debt. This should  worry every American. But here is the Republican 10-year budget that we  are getting ready to pass. It is virtually a vertical line of  accumulation of debt.   People will say: But how could we ever cut any spending? I will give  you a couple of examples of where your government spends money and you  tell me whether or not we ought to look long and hard at cutting  spending.   There was a grant given for autism. I have a great deal of sympathy.  I know children with autism. The grant was for $700,000. But do you  know what they spent it on? They spent it on studying Neil Armstrong's  statement. Remember Neil Armstrong? He landed on the moon and said:  ``That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.''   Well, your government, in its infinite wisdom, wanted to know: Did he  say ``one small step for man'' or ``one small step for a man''? Your  government spent $700,000 studying the preposition ``a.'' Did he say  ``a man'' or just ``man''--$700,000. Money that should have been spent  on autism was spent on something frivolous.   Is anybody going to fix it? No. Every year, all of the spending bills  are globbed together in a 2,000-page bill--and not one iota of reform.   My colleagues may remember that Senator Proxmire from the 1970s used  to have something called the ``Golden Fleece Award.'' Every one of  those things he complained about in the 1970s happens now but tenfold  greater. Nobody fixes it. We don't pass individual spending bills. We  do continuing resolutions, which means we continue doing the same thing  we have done over and over.   Again, $700,000 was spent studying Neil Armstrong's statement. Do you  know what their conclusion was? We are not sure. They spent $700,000,  and they are still not sure whether he said ``a man'' or ``one small  step for man.''   We spent $500,000 studying whether or not, when you take a selfie, if  you are smiling in the selfie, does it ultimately make you feel better?  We spent $500,000.  [[Page S40]]    So what do we do? Do we give these people less money? Teach them a  lesson. Give them less money, and maybe they will conserve the money.  Maybe they will eliminate waste if they have less money next year than  they had this year--or what I am proposing: Freeze the spending. Is  anybody proposing that? No. We say: They spend a half a million dollars  on selfies; give them more next year.   So the Republican budget will increase spending every year. It  increases spending at about 5 percent a year. So spending goes up. They  say it is the baseline, and they say we are cutting off the baseline.  No, no. The baseline goes up 5 percent a year. Spending will increase  over the 10-year period. The red line is spending.    Part of that is what the Republicans are proposing. They are going to  stay on the spending curve. If we stay on the spending curve, they will  continue to spend $700,000 studying Neil Armstrong's statement; they  will continue to spend half a million dollars on selfies. They spent  another half a million dollars on a climate change game. They spent $45  million to build a natural gas station in Afghanistan--$45 million. The  first problem: Nobody in Afghanistan has a car that runs on natural  gas. They discovered this after they built the gas station. The gas  station was 86 times cost overrun. The original estimate was about half  a million for the gas station, but lo and behold, somehow it cost $45  million. If your government had 86 times cost overrun, would you give  them more money or give them less money? I, frankly, think we should  give them less money. If you give them more money, they will not waste  it less; they will waste it the same or worse. They should be given  less money.   Mazar-e Sharif is a city in northern Afghanistan. We built an $85  million embassy there and we signed a 10-year lease, and then somebody  looked at the place and decided that since there were tall buildings  surrounding the entire entity, people would shoot down into the  courtyard and kill our diplomats, and they said the building could  never been occupied--after they spent 85 billion, after they signed a  10-year lease. How will they get better? Were the people who made this  decision fired? No. They are Federal employees, and you never fire  Federal employees. Will they make wiser decisions because we give them  less money? No. We give them more money.   You would be excused for being upset if you went and voted and said  ``I am going to vote for the conservative party'' and if you went and  voted and said ``I am going to vote for the party that is going to  balance a budget.'' Wouldn't you be upset? Wouldn't you wonder which  party that is?   This is the spending curve. We are going to add $9.7 trillion in 10  years, and yet they say: Oh, no, this isn't really a budget.   I have it in front of me, though. It is a budget.   There is no reason why Republicans couldn't have put forward a budget  that doesn't add all the red ink. We are at $20 trillion. We are going  to nearly $30 trillion under the Republican plan. My goodness, what  happened? Where is the conservative party? Where are the conservatives  in Congress who would say enough is enough? Now they say: We just have  to be done with this. Don't distract the little people. Don't let the  people of the country know we are voting on a budget. We are going to  call this the vehicle to repeal ObamaCare.   Well, that is not what it is. It is a budget. And we have special  rules for dealing with the budget that allow us to repeal ObamaCare,  which I am all for, but this is a budget.   They say: Well, how can we get the votes? No Democrats will vote for  this budget. This is a Republican blueprint. Not one Democrat will vote  for this.   So this is what Republicans are for. This is the blueprint the  Republican Party says they are for--$10 trillion worth of new debt. I  am not for it. That is not why I ran for office. That is not why I am  here. That is not why I spend time away from my family and my medical  practice. It is because debt is consuming our country. There is a time  and a place to debate ObamaCare, and I am more than willing to debate  that. But this is a budget. This is the vote on a budget.   They say: Oh, it is just a gimmick. It is just a game. The numbers  don't mean anything.   Well, if the numbers don't mean anything, put honest numbers in there  or put conservative numbers in there.   I, for one, will put forward a conservative opposition to the  Republican majority's budget. I will put forward a budget that freezes  spending and balances the budget over a 5-year period. Would there be  some agencies that would get less money? Yes. But it would force us to  go through the government and pick and choose what is good spending and  what is not good spending.   We have a waste report that we put out. If you look on our Facebook,  you can find our waste report. I listed four or five of the most  egregious. There are hundreds and hundreds, if not thousands, of things  we shouldn't be spending money on. I will give another example.   We have sold $100 billion worth of weapons to Saudi Arabia. They were  wanting to spend money giving F-16s to Pakistan. You pay for them and  give them to them.   There is riddled throughout the Pentagon--look, the Pentagon has  never been audited. You are surprised? The government has never been  audited. The Federal Reserve is not audited. The Pentagon is not  audited. So what is the Pentagon's response to being audited? The  Pentagon says to us: We are too big to be audited. I don't know about  you, but that makes me kind of angry, that a part of our government,  even a necessary part such as national defense, says they are too big  to be audited. Meanwhile, we have $85 million embassies built that will  never be occupied and $45 million gas stations that will never be used.   I think it is time that we say enough is enough. Don't give  government more money; give them less. The government hasn't been a  good steward of your money.   The question is often asked: Are the people who spend your money, are  the people involved in government inherently stupid? It is kind of a  debatable question. I think they are mostly well-intentioned. I don't  think they are inherently stupid, but I do think they don't get the  right incentives. Because there is no profit motive in government,  because there is no rationale or motive to conserve, money is spent,  and because of sheer laziness and ineptitude, we continue to pass the  spending bills--glommed together, thousands of pages--without reform.  But I won't be party to that. I won't vote for spending bills that are  not individualized and don't have reforms in them. I won't vote for  budgets that never balance.   So while I may be a lonely voice on this issue, I will continue to  bring up to the American people that it is important not to add more  debt, that it is important to slow down the accumulation of debt. It is  important that we have a $20 trillion debt, and I am not willing to add  $10 trillion more in debt. So at the appropriate time, I will introduce  an amendment that will strike and replace this budget, and in its place  I will put forward a conservative vision for the country--a vision of a  balanced budget that balances within 5 years.   Every Republican in the Congress who has been here for a while has  voted for a balanced budget amendment. Interestingly, the balanced  budget amendment--which would be an amendment to the Constitution--has  within it a provision that the budget would balance within 5 years. And  even when Republicans get around to saying ``Oh, we will have some  gimmicks to balance in 10,'' 10 is not what the amendment says. Why  bother voting on an amendment if you are not serious about it?   Republicans are completely in charge. It is a Republican document; it  is a document I disagree with; and at the appropriate time, I will be  introducing a replacement that will balance within 5 years and provide  a conservative view for the country.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.   