 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Colorado (Mr.  Lamborn) for leading this Special Order tonight on National Bible Week.   Last night, several of us had the privilege to attend a preview of  the national Museum of the Bible. It was very impressive. I would urge  everybody watching tonight and who hears about it to tour it when you  get the chance here in Washington, D.C.   One of the things that struck me very early on in that tour was a  banner hanging inside the museum that says: ``The law of the Lord is  perfect, refreshing to the soul. The decree of the Lord is trustworthy,  giving wisdom to the simple''--Psalm 19:8.   That also applies to the Bible itself, the inherent and infallible  Word of God.   Jesus himself used Scripture that was written before him. Jesus never  belittled the Scripture, as some modern critics do, or set it aside,  nor did he criticize it; although he criticized those who misused it or  contradicted it, although he rejected many interpretations of it.   When we hear the Son of God's quotes to Scriptures, we need no  further testimony. He believed every word of Scripture. All the  prophesies concerning Himself were fulfilled, as my colleague, Mr.  Lamborn, said.    Time and time and time again, the timelines prove the Word of God's  prophesy. Matthew 19:4 and 19:5 were one of those that Jesus spoke of,  documented in the New Testament, accounts by those over there with  Jesus at the time.   We know Moses wrote the Pentateuch, Jonah wrote Jonah, Daniel wrote  Daniel. Jesus attests to that. He believed the Old Testament was spoken  by God, Himself, written by the Holy Spirit's inspiration, even though  the pen was held by men. That is an important point for those who ask:  How can the Bible be real, since it was written down by men?   The committed task of all writing of the Word of God, though they  were fallible men, were guided by the infallible Holy Spirit. That is a  faith we have and hold.   It does take some faith, yes, just as it takes faith for me to get on  that airliner and fly back East each week. But the faith in the Bible  is much stronger. It has never been proven wrong. All the prophesies  that were made that have occurred already have been proven true.   The Founders thought it was a key element in the founding of this  Nation, obviously. Right in this room, behind the Speaker's dais, is  the inscription: ``In God We Trust.'' Facing me right now is the only  forward-facing image in here of Moses looking over this House of  Representatives.   Lastly, I would leave with this. As you watch the machinations of the  Members of Congress, I think one of the most important guidelines we  would have I find in Proverbs 4:25 through 4:27: we uphold the honor  not only of this institution and our families, but those who walk with  God, that walk with Jesus.   In Proverbs, you see: ``Let your eyes look straight ahead. Fix your  gaze directly before you. Keep straight the passage for your feet and  be steadfast in all your ways. Do not turn to the right or the left.  Keep your feet from evil.''   That is what the Bible inspires. As I read it on the plane coming  back and forth and read it at home or at my bedside, this is what true  faith is all about, proven time and time again.   I urge everybody not just to have the Bible at your home. The  statistics are that every home has 2.2 Bibles, on average. It isn't  that there aren't enough Bibles. It is that people don't open it often  enough.   