 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, the space-based missile defense  layer that we debate today will be one of the most significant  technological advancements in our missile defense capability since  Ronald Reagan first brought this possibility to the Nation.   Mr. Foster's amendment would prevent the next revolution in missile  defense as we seek to expand our umbrella protection into space, the  ultimate high ground.   Mr. Speaker, the most critical priority of this Congress is the  defense of the Nation. If we fail that task, little else we might do  will be of any consequence.   To prohibit the development of the next generation missile defense  capabilities because other countries will object is to grant our  potential adversaries a veto over our national security. Mr. Foster's  amendment would do just that.   It should be noted that every significant missile defense milestone  ever achieved by this Nation has been over the objections of gentlemen  like Mr. Foster and his supporters. They have been wrong about missile  defense for decades, and they have a consistent record of demonstrably  bad judgment on this issue. They have imposed their philosophy on the  science and physics involved. Theirs is a broken record which began  playing back in the 1970s. If we had listened to them, we would have no  missile defense today and we would all be completely vulnerable to the  likes of North Korea.    The reason it was called Star Wars was because they derisively  renamed Mr. Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative to Star Wars and said  it was impossible because it would be hitting a bullet with a bullet.  But, Mr. Chairman, today we not only hit a bullet with a bullet, we hit  a dot on the side of a bullet with a bullet.   The technology is here. We have demonstrated it time and time again.  It is important to defeat this amendment for the sake of the  Constitution, for the sake of the United States of America.    I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Chairman, can I inquire as to how much  time I have remaining?    Mr. Chairman, I think I would just say that  the opponents to missile defense, especially to space-based missile  defense, have hilariously overstated the cost of this system.   A regionally deployed system would cost in the range of $20 billion  over 30 years, and the cost would go down, as launch costs often do.   It is important to keep in mind that when two airplanes hit two  buildings, it cost us $2 trillion.   What would that cost have been like if it had been a nuclear warhead  that hit New York?   I would just suggest, Mr. Chairman, that it is important that we do  all that we possibly can to make sure that that does not indeed occur.   I don't know what price we put on national security, but the systems  that we are talking about, our GMD system--our Ground-based Midcourse  Defense system--was just tested against an ICBM target recently, and it  was successful.   We have had 14 out of 14 successful tests with our THAAD system--our  Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system. The technology has been  proven time and again.   We should not undersell the United States of America. We can build  the system. We will build it. It will help us get to the left of the  launch. It will help us to be able to have a boost-phase defense  against missiles when they are in their most vulnerable position and  over enemy territory.   This is vital for the American national security, for our future, for  our children, and for our children's children. I would hope that we  would defeat this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   