 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to  H.R. 1367.   First, I thank Chairman Roe and Representative Wenstrup for bringing  this bill before us today and for consideration of my amendment.   As Americans, as Members of Congress, our job is to serve and care  for our veterans once they return home. That is what H.R. 1367 does.   My amendment strengthens this important bill, guaranteeing that the  Department of Veterans Affairs can employ the best people to care for  our veterans.   My amendment makes clear that former political appointees at the VA  are not eligible for direct hire authority for competitively selected  positions without first going through the proper civil service hiring  process.   America's veterans deserve the top care from people who are devoted  to serving them. The VA is run by hardworking civil servants, men and  women hired in a competitive, merit-based process that assessed their  skill and their passion for serving our Nation's veterans.   Political appointees, on the other hand, are meant to serve their  appointing President's agenda for a temporary period of time. Part of  their duty to the Nation is to know when it is time to step down from  their position of power.   My amendment prevents former VA political appointees from using their  political connections to jump ahead of other qualified individuals,  burrowing into a high-paying career position at the VA.   Along with my friend and colleague Representative Lieu, I have  already introduced a bill to address the problem of political  burrowing.   H.R. 1132 would prevent political appointees from burrowing into the  civil service across the government for 2 years after leaving their  political position. Until that bill is enacted, this amendment will  ensure that the most qualified workers are filling the crucial jobs at  the VA, providing our veterans the treatment they deserve.   We must protect the independence of our merit-based civil service, we  must employ the best people in the VA, and we must guard our veterans  from the failed policies and practices of administrations past.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Wenstrup), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   