 Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Florida  (Ms. Castor), a wonderful colleague and a Member who has really shown  extraordinary leadership on this matter and other matters that appear  before this Congress and the Energy and Commerce Committee.   Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose H.R. 2910 because it is a bill that  offers a solution in search of a problem.   As FERC testified before the Energy Subcommittee just this past May,  a whopping 88 percent of natural gas pipeline applications are  currently processed within a year, and the number one reason for the  delays in the approval process was due to applicants submitting  incomplete paperwork.   Mr. Chair, H.R. 2910 does nothing to actually address the reason  behind the delays, but instead will allow incomplete applications to be  considered, will allow incomplete data from aerial surveys to be  considered, and would minimize the input of States and agencies  responsible for protecting the environment, sensitive lands, and other  natural resources.   However, that said, one of the most egregious aspects of this bill is  that it would actually make it easier for private pipeline companies to  claim eminent domain and seize private property of hardworking American  citizens.   Mr. Chair, as we have seen in the past and continue to witness today,  the issue of constructing these major pipelines through aquifers,  private property, cultural sites, and other sensitive lands is a topic  that causes great public consternation and great public concern.   Congress should be taking into account the sensitive nature of this  extremely divisive issue by listening to our own constituents, the  American people, and giving them more of a voice in these very  difficult decisions, rather than trying to limit their input.   Mr. Chair, to address this critical issue, both Ranking Member  Pallone, as well as my colleague, Congresswoman Watson Coleman of New  Jersey, and I offered amendments to deny private companies the right to  claim eminent domain unless constructing a pipeline was found to be in  the public interest, and not solely as a way for companies to turn a  profit.   Mr. Chair, even though this amendment was brought up and voted down  by my Republican colleagues in the Energy and Commerce Committee, it  was ruled nongermane to today's discussion for some very odd, but also  for some very obvious reason.   In other words, Mr. Chair, the majority party has determined that  although they are pushing a bill that would make it easier for private  companies to seize lands from private citizens for financial gain,  Members of Congress are not allowed to take up an up-or-down vote on  that issue on the floor here today.   This Congress is telling the American people: Hell, no, you won't  have a voice in this. We are here operating solely in the interests of  private companies for their private profit.   Mr. Chair, I can assure you that the American people will not agree  with this decision to place the interests of private natural gas  companies above the rights and interests of private landowners.   Congress should not make it easier for private companies to claim  eminent domain and potentially negatively impact historical sites,  reservoirs, farms, and other private properties while at the same time  limiting the ability for States, Tribes, and local communities to  provide input into the process.   Mr. Chair, why are we allowing these private companies to have  eminent domain over the private property, over the land of American  citizens, without any input from States on this particular matter?   Mr. Chair, for these reasons, I strongly oppose this bill, and I urge  all my colleagues to oppose it as well.   