 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Korea  Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act, H.R. 1644, the KIMS  Act.   I thank Chairman Royce for his leadership in guiding this bill  through the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the original cosponsors of  this bill, Ranking Member Engel and Congressman Sherman, who serves  alongside me as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Asia and the  Pacific. I also thank the chairman and ranking member for accepting my  amendment to this bill that targets the ability of leaders like those  of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that have been buying North  Korean arms for years with impunity, supplying a means of income for  the North Korean regime to fund their nuclear program and the regime of  terror and provocations.   Mr. Speaker, North Korea's nuclear program has never been a bigger  threat, and we need to respond with all the tools at our disposal.  After all, the world community is against nuclear proliferation from  any country, so the world community should support the United States  preventing North Korea's nuclear program. If anything, Pyongyang has  dramatically accelerated its belligerent behavior, conducting two  nuclear tests and two dozen missile launches last year.   Speaking before the U.N. Security Council, Secretary Tillerson was  right when he said that the threat of a North Korea nuclear attack on  Seoul or Tokyo is very real. That is why it is so important that  Congress, as we are doing here today, continue to apply pressure on  Pyongyang, providing the administration with the tools it needs to  deprive the Kim regime of the hard currency it depends on to feed its  illicit weapons program.   Importantly, this measure will advance the national security  interests of not just the United States and the Korean Peninsula but of  the whole Asia-Pacific region and will contribute to regional security  by targeting North Korea's abhorrent overseas slave labor, which is  estimated at bringing in as much as $230 million each year. There are  precious few nonmilitary tools left for managing the security situation  on the Korean Peninsula. Financial sanctions are the most important and  effective of these tools.   By advancing this legislation, the House will continue its critical  work to ensure our country has the necessary authorities and mandates  in place to ensure our financial measures are effective. A peaceful  outcome on the peninsula depends on inflicting enough pressure on Kim  to force him to make the hard but smart choices. This bill will affect  him where it hurts--in his bank accounts.   Again, I commend Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel for their  contributions and leadership on this important legislation. I urge my  colleagues to support this bill.   