 Mr. Speaker, I support providing immediate emergency  assistance for those affected by recent natural disasters and was glad  to vote for such a bill earlier this week. I believe that raising the  debt limit for only three months is a mistake because it does not  provide the certainty that financial markets and our economy need.   But most concerning to me, and the reason I am voting against this  bill, is that it forces our military to operate under a stopgap  continuing resolution--once again.   Continuing resolutions do enormous, lasting damage to the American  military. We are witnessing an alarming increase in accidents, growing  evidence of a force under stress, and an eroding technological position  when compared with our adversaries. Not only does this bill fail to  remedy those problems, it makes them worse.   This bill, like other CRs, allows no new starts--the Pentagon must  spend the same money on the same things as last year. But the world is  not standing still. In fact, the threats from North Korea and others  grow every day. Yet, this CR prevents us from responding.   The Constitution places on Congress the responsibility to ``raise and  support'', ``provide and maintain'' the military forces of the United  States. It is morally wrong for our nation to send brave men and women  out on mission--even routine training or operations--without the very  best equipment, the very best training, the very best support our  country can provide. The dysfunction in the budget process has meant  that we have not provided them with the best and that we have not been  meeting our responsibilities. This bill is more of the same.   There is plenty of blame to go around between both parties and both  the Executive and Legislative branches of government. But this  negligence must stop. We must fulfill our duty. We must do better.   Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the  hundreds of thousands of victims of Hurricane Harvey in Houston and  Harris County and all along the Texas Gulf Coast, and urge Congress to  immediately pass the $15.25 billion dollar emergency aid bill before us  today.   For six days, the Texas Gulf Coast was hammered by Hurricane Harvey,  bringing destruction beyond anything witnessed in living memory in our  state.   The storm dropped four feet of rain on Greater Houston. Over 100,000  homes and residences were flooded in Harris County alone. Authorities  believe at least 70 Texans were killed due to Harvey, and that number  will continue to rise.   Houstonians and Texans are a proud and independent people. We take  pride in our can-do attitude, as witnessed by our brave first  responders and countless volunteers who rescued neighbors during the  worst of the flooding.   Full recovery from this unprecedented disaster will take years, but  right now we need Congress to pass this emergency relief bill that will  help the people of Houston and the Texas Gulf Coast sustain current  relief efforts and onto the road to recovery.   God bless America and God bless Texas.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired.   Pursuant to House Resolution 509, the previous question is ordered.   The question is on the motion by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr.  Frelinghuysen).   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the ayes appeared to have it.   