 Mr. Chairman, I don't have any strong objections to the  parts of this bill that deal with forest resilience, and I yield to  people who know a lot more about forests than I do.   But I am concerned that H.R. 2936 is harmful for all of the species  that rely on forests for habitat and that the bill specifically  includes provisions that specifically attack and undermine the  Endangered Species Act.   The bill allows the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management  to unilaterally determine if authorized logging and forestry management  actions would adversely affect listed species or critical habitat  without ever consulting experts at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service  as is required by the Endangered Species Act.   Furthermore, the bill declares that, for purposes of the ESA, all  logging and other forestry activities carried out pursuant to the bill  are ``nondiscretionary'' actions. Deeming these actions to be  nondiscretionary serves as a direct waiver of the Endangered Species  Act regulations and protections and allows forest activities to violate  the ESA and jeopardize species.   Another provision exempts the Forest Service and BLM from  implementing regulations that require consultation on management plans  when a new species is listed as threatened or endangered or there is a  new critical habitat designation.   This, in particular, will have profound implications for species that  have been proposed or are candidates for listing under the ESA that  rely on these lands for habitat, such as the North American wolverine.   In short, this bill dismantles interagency consultation that is  integral to wildlife protection under the Endangered Species Act.   America's forests are home to over 400 threatened or endangered  species, including the Florida panther, native wild trout, and the  black-footed ferret. We cannot allow this bill to strip protections for  these iconic species and eliminate environmental review processes for  our Nation's forests. So on this basis--the threat to the Endangered  Species Act--I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''  [[Page H8329]]        