 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to strongly oppose H.J. Res.  38, which would disapprove the Department of the Interior's stream  protection rule.   When the Obama administration announced the final stream protection  rule, it was a victory for those who live in coal country. The rule  prioritizes the health of our fellow Americans by establishing clear  requirements for responsible surface coal mining, especially dangerous  mountaintop removal mining.   If this Obama rule were fully enforced, it would protect or restore  6,000 miles of streams and 52,000 acres of forests over the next two  decades. At the time the rule was finalized, I called for stronger  stream buffer zone protections, but the announced regulation was  undoubtedly a win for human health, clean water, and our environment.   I want to be very clear about what the stream protection rule does.  This rule requires that mining companies avoid practices that  permanently pollute streams and sources of drinking water, damage  forests, and increase flood risks. The rule requires, for the first  time, that streams around mining sites be monitored and tested for the  presence of toxic chemicals, like lead and arsenic. This rule also  requires mining companies to restore polluted streams and replant mined  areas with native trees and vegetation.  [[Page H764]]    These provisions ensure that mining companies take responsibility for  their actions and act to ensure that coal country communities do not  suffer because of destructive mining practices. Now we are debating an  ill-conceived resolution which would negate these important advances.   If this rule were to be overturned, American families living near  impacted streams and rivers will not be protected from toxic chemicals  getting into their water. What is even more appalling is that, because  the Congressional Review Act prevents substantially similar regulations  from being developed in the future, this joint resolution means that  these affected communities might never be protected from the impacts of  mining waste in their water.   Protecting our rivers and streams from the damaging impacts of  mountaintop removal has been a priority for me, and it is why in past  Congresses I have introduced the Clean Water Protection Act, which  would end the dumping of mining waste into our country's rivers and  streams. I will be reintroducing that legislation this session.   It is unfathomable that congressional Republicans would pass this  joint resolution and doom generations of children and families to  irreparable harm. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this  resolution.   