 Mr. President, yesterday we had a horrific tragedy here  in the capital area. I know I speak for all of my colleagues who are  holding the victims of that attack in their hearts and in their  prayers: Congressman Steve Scalise, still in critical condition; Zack  Barth, legislative correspondent who works for Congressman Williams of  Texas, who was injured; Matt Mika of Tyson's Foods, who represents them  here on the Hill; and two of our police officers, David Bailey and  Crystal Griner of the U.S. Capitol Police. Without those two police  officers present, this could have been a much more tragic event.   We have to reinforce the understanding that we are blessed to have  the opportunity to raise our voices in our democratic Republic. We are  able to raise them by speaking to our members who are elected in local  and State and Federal Government, by writing to them, by meeting with  them in townhalls. In my State, you can call them up, and they will sit  down with you in a cafe. We have an opportunity to weigh in through  writing letters to the editor, by protesting in the streets, by  overflowing the email lines and flooding the phone lines. We have all  kinds of ways to weigh in, in America, but violence is absolutely  unacceptable. We have to try to diminish and eliminate the hate speech,  which so often becomes the foundation for hate violence.   We have had a very divisive 18 months here in America, where various  folks have sought to increase the divisions between groups of  Americans, to attack women, to attack African Americans, to attack  Hispanics, to attack Muslims, to attack LGBT citizens. We need to  eliminate that strategy of division.   Here, in America, we are a tapestry of talents from all over the  world, of different cultural backgrounds who come together to make this  Nation incredibly strong. Unless you are 100 percent Native American,  you are either an immigrant yourself or the son or daughter of  immigrants. We bring that diversity to bear and we make this Nation  powerful in ways few other nations could even come close to having.   Let's take this as a moment in which we seek to encourage public  participation in all the legitimate forms of free speech but put hate  speech out of bounds and hate violence out of bounds.   