 I thank the chairman for yielding to me and  for his support of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, this is very simple, bipartisan legislation that would  require organizers of Presidential libraries to disclose the identities  of donors and the amounts they give. It wouldn't limit any donations;  it would simply require disclosure. I introduced this legislation  several Congresses ago because I felt then and feel now that the public  should be made aware of possible conflicts of interest that sitting  Presidents can have or may have while raising funds for their  libraries.   First of all, I thank Ranking Member Cummings for again cosponsoring  this very important legislation and making it bipartisan. The  legislation is so bipartisan that, after the first time we passed the  bill--and it passed 392-3--it was taken over, at my request and with my  agreement, by then-Chairman Waxman, who made it his bill. We passed it  once again, and we passed it in the last Congress by a simple voice  vote, so there is a lot of support for this bill. In the Senate, it was  introduced by Mr. Carper and Mr. Coburn, when he was in the Senate. We  need to get some  [[Page H66]]  more interest over there, and I think we are going to be able to do  that in this Congress.   Mr. Speaker, we do not know who these donors to the Presidential  libraries are or what interests they may have on any pending policy  decisions that are to be made. I think that our government needs to  operate in the open, not with secrecy. This legislation will apply to  all future Presidential libraries and mandate, regardless of party,  that the names of the donors and the amounts they contribute be  disclosed. I would like to add that this legislation will apply to  President Trump's future Presidential library. This will require him to  disclose more than any other President has ever had to disclose before.  This will be an unprecedented disclosure, and it falls in line with his  stated desire to drain the swamp. Any sitting President has a great  deal of power. Funds should not be raised for a Presidential library in  his honor without some type of public disclosure.   I decided to introduce this bill after news reports surrounding a  proposed Presidential library exposed that foreign governments from the  Middle East were making very large donations. Then, in 2007, The  Washington Post reported that President Clinton's Presidential library  raised a substantial percentage of the cost of its facility with  foreign contributions. However, this is not a partisan issue. I have  introduced this and supported this legislation under both Democratic  and Republican Presidents. The Presidential Library Donation Reform Act  of 2017 would bring clarity to the process of planning and building  these Presidential libraries.   In 2013, Sunlight Foundation Policy Director Daniel Schuman endorsed  an earlier version of this bill during a hearing in front of our House  Oversight and Government Reform Committee, where he said it ``would  provide valuable information on special interests whose donations put  them in close proximity with Presidents.''   Even Richard Cohen, the very liberal columnist for The Washington  Post, once said about this bill: ``But surely it would be anything from  interesting to illustrative to just plain damning to see what names are  on that list and for what amounts.'' Our citizens have the right to  know the details of these fundraising activities.   This bill has been introduced by the Center for Media and Democracy;  the Center for Responsive Politics; the Citizens for Responsibility and  Ethics in Washington, often known as CREW; Common Cause; Public  Citizen; the Society of Professional Journalists; and many others.   USA Today wrote a very favorable editorial about this bill, and it  has been mentioned favorably in many publications across the years. I  think it is a bill that everybody on both sides of the aisle can  support, and I ask my colleagues to support this very bipartisan  legislation.   