 Mr. President, as a physician and an eye surgeon, I have  seen ObamaCare up close, and it is not working for Americans.   If you look across the country and say ``Is it working?'' you find  that ObamaCare premiums have doubled for those in the individual  marketplace in just a few short years. You find that the ObamaCare  insurance mandates have caused 4.7 million people to lose the insurance  they chose. If you like your doctor, you can keep him or her--that was  the promise, and it was a lie. Some 4.7 million people were told that  they couldn't choose the insurance they want and couldn't choose their  doctor.   It is estimated that there are 800,000 fewer jobs because of  ObamaCare. How does that happen? Well, if you work 32 hours a week and  your employer has to provide insurance at 30 hours, guess what happens.  Some people get moved to 28 hours. You add up all those hours, and  millions of people are working fewer hours.   Who are the people who got shafted by ObamaCare? Often, working-class  people. In my State, there are 25,000 people who pay a fine because  they can't afford ObamaCare. These 25,000 people make less than $25,000  a year. They are our working class.   ObamaCare punishes them and says: You have to pay a fine.   They say: I wish I had insurance, but ObamaCare added all these  mandates, things that I can't afford.   Sure, everybody wants to have everything under the Sun covered by  their insurance, but when you mandate that, you elevate the price of  insurance. So what has happened? Young, healthy people have lost their  insurance and don't buy insurance in droves.   ObamaCare says: You can come back any time after you are sick and buy  your insurance.  [[Page S4235]]    That sounds good, but what it leads to is the death spiral of  ObamaCare. ObamaCare premiums have doubled because the young, healthy  people are saying it costs too much and the sicker people are the only  ones left in insurance.   This is what happens when you let the government get involved in the  marketplace. If you allow the marketplace to work--what is the one  universal feature of capitalism? You get the lowest amount of cost and  the most amount of goods distributed to the most amount of people.   Right now under ObamaCare, 50 percent of America has one choice. What  does that mean? A monopoly. Who wants the insurance company to have a  monopoly? When the insurance companies have monopolies, the prices get  doubled.   There are now some parts of our country that have no choice in the  individual market. If you are a plumber or a welder or a carpenter, you  have to buy insurance in the individual market. In many places in  America, you have no choice. In half of America, if you buy insurance  by yourself, if you are not part of a large group, in half of America,  there is one choice--a monopoly and monopoly prices.   In my State alone, 50,000 Kentuckians have to pay a tax. They have to  pay a fine because they can't afford ObamaCare. They are regular  working people, and they do work and they do pay taxes. They pay a  fine. We pay $16 million in fines in just my State. Across America,  this is happening.   How did it become an American sort of legislation or plan to force  people to buy stuff they don't want and then to extract money out of  their paycheck if they don't do what you tell them?   Ultimately, Americans should remember that ObamaCare is predicated on  force and coercion. ObamaCare dictates what kind of insurance you can  get and makes you pay a fine if you don't get what the politicians tell  you you must get.   President Obama basically told you that you were too stupid to make  your own choices. These people who want to dictate to you are elitists.  They think they know better than you what kind of insurance you should  get. If you don't buy the insurance they dictate, they will fine you.  If you don't pay the fine, they will jail you. How is that consistent  with the American ideal of freedom?   This debate is about more than actuarial tables. We get dragged down  into this debate, and we think it is all this healthcare wonkiness,  this and that. It is about freedom of choice. It is about whether you  as an American can make the choice whether you want insurance or don't  want insurance, whether you want insurance that is really expensive or  not.   They put a special tax in there if you have good insurance. First  they tell you what kind of insurance to buy, and then they tell you  that your insurance is too good. If you are in a union or you are an  executive and you have great insurance, ObamaCare tells you they are  going to tax you because your insurance is too good. These busybodies  think they know everything about what you want. They are going to  dictate what kind of insurance you can get, and then when you buy it,  they are going to tell you that you have too much, so you have to pay a  tax. That isn't the American way.   Today we will vote on a bill we have voted on many times. The Senate  itself voted on this 2 years ago. It is the identical bill. We are  going to vote on a bill we voted on 2 years ago. I hope everybody who  voted for it before will vote for it again. It is what we call a clean  repeal. It is not cluttered with insurance company bailouts. It is not  cluttered with this and that, new Federal regulations. It is just  trying to peel back ObamaCare.   While it is a clean repeal, it is only a partial repeal. Why? It is  only a partial repeal because we have these arcane Senate rules that  say we can't repeal the whole thing. Because we are only repealing part  of it, ObamaCare will remain. Even if we are successful with this bill,  at least half or more of ObamaCare remains. Bad things remain. All of  the mandates on what you have to purchase on your insurance will  remain. That doesn't mean we shouldn't do this.   The other side does not want to help. The other side has never met a  regulation they want to repeal and has never met a tax they want to  lower. So if you want to get rid of the taxes, it has to be done today.   People say: Well, this doesn't have the replacement.   Well, sure we should replace ObamaCare. I have been advocating that  from the beginning. But we have to figure out what that replacement is.  And the only way we are going to be forced into a bipartisan compromise  is if we repeal it. If we do not repeal it today, there is no impetus  from either side to work on replacing it. If you repeal it, even the  other side will say: Oh, my goodness, we have to do something because  they repealed these subsidies in this Medicaid expansion. They will  say: We will work with you now. But everything else is false.    They will not work on repealing one regulation or one tax. That heavy  lift is left to Republicans, and my hope is that Republicans would band  together and say: Sure, this isn't everything I wanted. It is not  everything I want. It is a partial repeal. It leaves in place a lot of  ObamaCare that we should get rid of, and we should continue to try to  get rid of these Federal mandates on insurance.   This is a beginning, and it is all we are being offered up as a  beginning, but it is a victory for those of us in America who have  said: Enough is enough. My government shouldn't be telling me what I  can buy and what I cannot buy. My government should not tell me which  doctor I can choose and which doctor I have to leave behind. The  government should not be involved in my healthcare business. I want to  be left alone. The right to privacy, the right to be left alone is a  fundamental right of Americans. That is what this is about.   It is about freedom of choice. It is not about actuarial tables. It  is not about the Federal Government designing a perfect healthcare  system. The Federal Government cannot deliver the mail. They lose a  billion dollars a quarter delivering your mail. Do you want them in  charge of your doctor? Do you want them in charge of your insurance?  This is the one chance we get today. We will have a chance to repeal  ObamaCare. We will have a chance to fulfill our promise to the American  voters.   There is a partisan divide. Democrats are for keeping it; Republicans  are for repealing it. But Republicans made a promise. We made a promise  to the American people to repeal it. There may be some Republicans  today who say: I am not voting to repeal any longer; things have  changed. The problem is that we are not going to get toward a solution  if we don't begin to repeal. The other thing about this repeal is that  there is a 2-year window in which part of the repeal doesn't take place  for 2 years. Over those 2 years, my guess is that we will have impetus  from the other side to actually begin to negotiate. Currently, there  are 27 million people in America without insurance. From all the talk,  you would think that ObamaCare has covered everyone, and somehow  Republicans are against that.   Count me as one Republican who wants to figure out how we insure the  27 million who don't have insurance. Of the 27 million people who don't  have insurance under ObamaCare, half of them don't buy insurance  because it is too expensive. Why is it too expensive? Because ObamaCare  dictates about 15 different things that every insurance policy has to  have: Vision, hearing, pregnancy--you name it; it is all on there.  Everyone wants it. If you put it on every insurance policy, not  everyone is going to be able to afford it. You force people out of the  market. So 27 million people don't have insurance, and half say they  can't get it because it is too expensive.   Where is the problem in insurance? If you are here today visiting in  Washington, and you work for Toyota or Ford or General Motors or any  big American company--any big corporation in our country--if you work  for them, my guess is that you are not worried about your wife getting  sick and they fire you from your job or raise your rates. What happens  when you have group insurance is, if your family member gets sick, you  don't lose your job. Your insurance rates really don't change, and you  continue on with your life. You still have the tragedy to deal with of  someone in  [[Page S4236]]  your family being sick. But if you have group insurance, it seems to  work in our country.   What we are talking about is the individual insurance market. We are  talking about the plumber, the pest control guy, the carpenter, the  welder, the farmer--people who are in a small business. Either they  have a few employees or it is just them. That is what we are talking  about. It is horribly broken. I don't wish it on any American. I wish  no American had to buy any insurance in the individual market. In fact,  what I am proposing would so disrupt the individual market that maybe  everyone would leave. I am trying to give an exit ramp to everyone in  the individual market to get out of the individual market because the  individual market is a terrible place to be.   If you are a farmer in America and you buy insurance for you and your  wife, and your wife gets breast cancer, you are not only deathly afraid  for her health, you are deathly afraid your insurance rates will be  doubled, tripled, or you will be dropped. I don't care if you are a  Republican, Independent, or a Democrat. People in the individual market  do worry. We have had people here worried that people are going to lose  their health insurance. The individual market is a terrible place to  be.   So what should we do? Should we give hundreds of billions of dollars  to the insurance company and say: Please insure these people and make  sure their rates aren't too high. I don't like that because I am not  for crony capitalism. These companies make billions of dollars a year  in profit. I am not for giving them one penny of your money.   Do you know what I want? I want something that doesn't cost anything,  that doesn't cost one penny and would completely transform healthcare  and insurance in this country. I want to legalize--I want to make it  open to every American that you can go out with an association across  State lines and buy your insurance as part of a group. What would that  mean? In my State, the Farm Bureau has 33,000 people. But when you go  to the Farm Bureau to buy your insurance, you get an individual policy.  A farmer, his wife, and their family get a policy. It is just them.  They are not really protected by the group. They don't get the leverage  of price, and they are not protected. If they get sick, their rates are  based on them and their family. Why don't we let them join together?  There are probably a million farmers in the Farm Bureau throughout the  American Farm Bureau. What if the American Farm Bureau had an  association and one person negotiated for them? I don't think we can  overstate the negotiating value of a group.   In China recently, they negotiated for patented medicines, and they  reduced the price by 67 percent. Groups can negotiate prices down. This  is a free market reform. This is collective bargaining for consumers. I  can't see why either side--I am still hopeful, no matter where this  goes, that at some point in time, when partisan fervor dies down, we  can go to the other side and say: What's so wrong with collective  bargaining? I thought you were for collective bargaining for labor. Why  not be for collective bargaining for consumers? Let the consumers band  together. AARP has 33 million people. What if one person negotiated the  rate for their insurance and their drugs? My guess is that they would  have the lowest drug prices in the world, and more people would want to  join AARP. What if the credit unions--there are about 20 million people  in credit unions, maybe more, across the United States. What if you  could join your credit union and became part of a national association  to buy your insurance? The leverage of 20 million people would be maybe  40, 50 times bigger than America's biggest corporation.    Right now, if you are General Motors and you are a big corporation,  you have leverage to bring prices down. What if you were in a  corporation 20 times bigger than General Motors--an association that  negotiated your prices? This is freedom, though; this isn't a  government plan. This is the Federal Government saying that you are  allowed to do what you want. You are allowed to collectively bargain as  consumers.   I think there is every chance that we could fix a lot of the market.  Would there be anybody left behind? Yes. I mean, we have terrible  tragedies. I spent my adult career in medicine. I have seen the  terrible tragedies, the terrible disabilities, the terrible neurologic  disorders people are born with and have to live their lives with. Those  exceptions will be treated and are treated.   Frankly, one of the misunderstandings of this debate is that any  Republican is up here talking about trying to take away stuff from  those who are disabled, can't work, and do have to have care. That is  traditional Medicaid. They will continue to be cared for. Under this,  we are talking only about able-bodied people. Should able-bodied  people--people who walk around, hop out of their truck--should they be  working? Should they be providing for their health insurance? Yes. Can  there be a transition zone? Yes. We have transition programs between  unemployment back to employment. We shouldn't have people permanently  unemployed--people permanently on benefits who don't work or won't  work. There should be work requirements. I am not afraid to say that  every able-bodied person on Medicaid ought to work. There should be a  work requirement. I meet many people on both sides of the aisle who are  for that.   I don't say they should work as punishment. I think everyone in  America should work as a reward. I think work is a reward. I don't care  whether you are from the lowest job on the totem pole to the top, to  the chief executive. Work is where you get self-esteem. No one can give  you self-esteem. Your self-esteem comes from work. I think we are  wrong. In fact, I think what we have done--in some cases, we now have  multigenerational dependency on government, and they are so distraught  and so lacking in self-esteem that it also compounds the drug problem  that we have.   Some say that we need more Medicaid money to fight the drug problem.  I worry that more Medicaid trips to the doctor may actually be part of  the drug problem--that much of the dependency is coming from OxyContin,  which the drug company says was not addictive, but everyone got put on  OxyContin because it supposedly wasn't addictive. A lot of our heroin  and OxyContin problem came out of going to the doctor.   If we were to get everyone out of the individual market into group  insurance, there would be some people left behind. My hope is it would  be a small number of people, and we would know after a year or two.  Let's see what it is. We already have a safety net. The other side is  acting as if there is no safety net. We have had a safety net for  decade after decade. The safety net is Medicaid. If your child has a  disability, no one is trying to take that away from him.   The thing is, we have to try to fix what we have. We need to  understand that what we are looking at--what we are trying to fix isn't  just some kind of policy that nobody can understand. Healthcare policy  is very technical and detailed. This is about freedom.   Do you think that every American should get to choose whether they  have insurance and what kind of insurance they have? This is what it is  about. It is freedom of choice. It isn't about whether we want people  to be insured. When you hear these hyperbolic statements saying that  all these people are going to die--Republicans want people to die-- those hyperbolic statements aren't really helpful to the debate.   I do not question the motives of any of the Democrats as far as  wanting to provide care. I never questioned President Obama's desire to  help people get insurance. To me, it is more of a question of what will  work. What distributes goods better: socialism or capitalism? Look at  the Soviet Union. We defeated the Soviet Union because capitalism  defeated socialism. Socialism doesn't work.   When the government fixes the prices, it doesn't work. Are we going  to have some government involvement? Yes. But because Government is so  pitiful at anything they do, we should minimize government's  involvement in any industry. If we say that government has to be  involved to take care of the poor, let's do it at the State level, not  the Federal level.   People ask me: Are the people in government inherently stupid? I say  no, but it is a debatable question. The reason is this: Government  doesn't get the proper incentives, and they are too distant from the  people, and we have a printing press.  [[Page S4237]]    What is the fundamental deceit of ObamaCare? This is the fundamental  problem of all government, but the fundamental deceit of ObamaCare is  this: They said that everyone is going to get free healthcare. Everyone  is going to have Medicaid, and you don't have to pay for it, and the  States don't have to pay for it. We are going to have the Federal  Government pay for it. But the problem is the Federal Government can't  pay for most of the things we already have. We already had Medicaid we  can't pay for--Medicare we were short of money for. We already have  Social Security that we are short of money for. What do we do? We  borrow the money. Our deficit this year will be $500 billion. Our  deficit is projected next year to be $1 trillion. That is the real  question. It isn't, do you want to help people? It is, how are you  going to pay for it? If this were done at the State level, what would  happen? If the State of Kentucky wants to keep the expansion--we have  expanded Medicare to 450,000 people. The question should be, should we  double the State income tax in Kentucky? If that went to the State  legislature, they have to balance competing concerns. If we double the  State tax to pay for it--we live right next to Tennessee, which has no  State income tax--would we possibly lose existing businesses or  existing jobs or would we encourage new businesses not to come to  Kentucky? That would be a valid debate. We want to help people, but  what are the ramifications of it?   In Washington, it is said that there are no ramifications because  everything goes to the debt. Everything just piles up. We have $20  trillion in debt. Whose fault is it? Both parties. Under George Bush,  the debt went from $5 trillion to $10 trillion. Under President Obama,  it went from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. Both parties are at fault,  but the entitlements are consuming us.   How would we possibly move forward with a bill that sets up a new  insurance entitlement, as some of the Republican plans wanted to do? We  can't pay for the current entitlements. As we look forward today to the  solution, what I would say is that there are alternatives. We really  shouldn't question the motives of those across the aisle, and they  shouldn't question ours.   I want more people to have insurance at a lower cost. We should have  a disagreement on how it works. I think capitalism works better than  socialism. I think we should minimize government's involvement because  government is not very good at distributing anything. Just look at the  mail.   I also think there are exciting opportunities for saying how we could  insure the 27 million who are not insured currently. Twenty-seven  million people under ObamaCare are without insurance. The question  shouldn't be about debating over the past. It should be over debating  the future. The future should be about trying to figure out how we  insure those 27 million. I think there are a lot of opportunities that  involve more freedom of choice, more freedom to choose your doctor,  more freedom to choose what insurance works for you. My goodness, that  is what this debate is about. It is not about healthcare policy. It is  about freedom of choice, and I hope every Senator today will vote for  freedom of choice.    Thank you.   