 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1644, the Korean  Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act.   Kim Jong-un murdered his uncle. He murdered his brother. He and his  father and grandfather were responsible for the deaths of hundreds of  thousands, probably millions, of their own people. Now this ruthless  tyrant is trying to develop long-range nuclear weapons that very soon  could reach the United States.   Let me be clear: North Korea is a threat to the security of the  United States of America. It is a threat to our allies. It is a threat  to the world. As long as North Korea has nuclear weapons, the world is  not safe.   For far too long, we have done very little to deter the Kim regime's  persistent march in the development of its nuclear weapons program.  That changes today.   The Kim regime's nuclear program lives and dies by its access to hard  currency. North Korea acquires that hard currency from various sources.  We know that China is the worst offender. But China is not the only bad  actor. Terrorist networks around the world purchase weapons,  technology, and training from North Korea. North Korea, in exchange,  gets that money, the hard currency that it needs.   Autocrats like the Congo's Joseph Kabila have long reasoned that no  one would actually enforce the arms embargo currently against North  Korea. They continue to support the Kim regime and its nuclear program  with no consequence.   This bill would put a stop to that. It requires that the President  cut off bad actors from our financial system. No more transactions in  dollars. No more using banks that serve U.S. customers. The Kim regime  will know that we are finally serious.   I want to thank Chairman Royce for his leadership on this, Ranking  Member Engel, and also Subcommittee Chairman Mr. Yoho and Ranking  Member Sherman for their leadership.   This is critical legislation. North Korea has been getting away with  murder, literally, for far too long in their own country. We need to  make sure that hundreds of thousands--perhaps millions--of Americans'  lives are not wiped out by North Korea sometime in the very near future  if we do not push back and actually stop their nuclear weapons program,  particularly the ballistic missile system that they are trying to  develop.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Working  Families Flexibility Act. I want to commend my colleague, the  gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. Roby), for introducing this legislation  which will help  [[Page H3043]]  private sector employees increase workplace flexibility.   This week is National Small Business Week, a time to celebrate  America's 29 million small businesses which employ nearly half of the  private sector workforce, and, as was mentioned, I happen to be the  chairman of the House Small Business Committee.   Small businesses are run by our neighbors and families and friends,  and they offer working families the chance to get ahead. Small  businesses are also known for treating their employees well and  providing workplace flexibility.   This bill will allow small businesses to give their hourly employees  another option that public sector employees have enjoyed for many  years, the choice of being paid off instead of cash wages for overtime  hours worked.   While some employees may prefer wages for the overtime hours they put  in, others might want to use that time to attend their child's piano  recital or go to a sports event or caring for an elderly parent. This  bill gives them that choice. It is the employee's choice, not the  employer.   The flexibility is crucial for families where there is a single  parent or both parents work full time. Importantly, this bill does not  force any employee to take comp time, and it provides protections such  as requiring the employer and employee to enter into a written comp  time agreement.   The Working Families Flexibility Act will allow small businesses to  offer their employees a new benefit. As we celebrate National Small  Business Week, let's give small businesses another way to make the  lives of working families a little easier.   It seems like a lot of the folks on the other side of aisle  oftentimes think that small businesses are going to try to get away  with anything that they can possibly get away with, that they want to  exploit their workers, they are going to take advantage of them, we  just can't trust them. Almost every small business in this country  cares not only about their business, but they care about their  employees.   Mr. Speaker, let's give them credit for something.   