 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is nice to see the distinguished  Senator in the chair presiding. I am not sure, in my 183 ``Time to Wake  Up'' speeches, I have yet had the pleasure of speaking while the  Senator was presiding.   I am here to once again call for us to wake up to the corporate  capture of Congress and this administration--the capture of governance  by the fossil fuel industry that keeps us from honestly addressing  climate change. There is a saying that ``personnel is policy.'' Well,  the Trump personnel for positions at the Environmental Protection  Agency reflect a policy to undo the public welfare mission of the  Agency and align it with the special interests of the fossil fuel  industry.   There is a word for that. It is called corruption, at least as the  Founding Fathers knew the meaning of that term. It starts at the top.  Trump named Scott Pruitt head of the EPA. Pruitt has a long record of  dark money fundraising and long, cozy relationships with Big Energy  industry political donors. In effect, he is a tentacle of the fossil  fuel climate denial operation, wiggling and wriggling in the  Administrator's chair, near his new $25,000 ``cone of silence'' secret  communications booth that he built so no one would hear him checking in  with his masters.   Results are as expected. The New York Times has reported: ``How  Rollbacks at Scott Pruitt's EPA are a Boon to Oil and Gas.'' No  surprise. In the 4 months that followed his appointment, Pruitt moved  to undo, delay, or otherwise block more than 30 environmental rules  benefiting his fossil fuel friends. This regulatory rollback, larger in  scope than any over so short a time in the Agency's near-half century  history, went straight into the pockets of the fossil fuel industry.   Longtime Pruitt benefactor Devon Energy is cashing in dividends on  its investment in Scott Pruitt's political career, as Pruitt is working  to eliminate rules on the leaking and flaring of methane, and has  rescinded requirements for reporting methane emissions. Devon, as you  may recall, is that company whose letter to the EPA Pruitt put on his  own Oklahoma attorney general letterhead to mask Devon's hand and  submit their work as his own official work as attorney general of his  State.   So this hand-in-glove relationship between Devon as the hand and  Pruitt as the glove goes back a long way. The EPA has career scientists  and legal experts who bring decades of experience in environmental law  and science to the EPA who are all being cut out as the Administrator  takes drastic steps to undo environmental protections. Just this week,  EPA scientists were yanked from a conference in Rhode Island where they  were going to talk about climate change. The matter of climate change  on Narragansett Bay in Rhode Island is pretty significant. This is the  day's Providence Journal, our leading newspaper in Rhode Island.  Headline: ``Will climate change negate Bay cleanup?'' It has a big map  of Narragansett Bay with all the facilities at risk of being flooded  and overwhelmed. It is front page news.   It is a matter of extreme importance in Rhode Island, and EPA yanked  out its scientists. They weren't allowed to come down and talk at an  event where they were going to talk about climate change. It is not  just yanking the scientists. Here is a New York Times article by Lisa  Friedman from October 20. Headline: ``EPA scrubs a climate website of  `climate change.' '' An EPA website has been scrubbed of scores of  links. ``About 15 mentions of the words climate change have been  removed from the main page alone. . . .''   It is not just at EPA. Here is today's exclusive headline: ``The  Interior Department scrubs climate change from its strategic plan.'' I  mean, they act as if this is the Soviet Union and the government is  allowed to tell scientists what they can say and not say and put phony  propaganda onto official websites and keep scientists from going to  meetings because they might actually tell the truth about climate  change.   I am the son and grandson of Foreign Service officers. I grew up  serving in countries that did that, where the government could tell the  scientist: No, you don't say that. No, you don't go there. No, this is  the party line. I never thought that would happen in the United States  of America--and here we are.   To aid Pruitt in his fossil fuel industry crusade, our President has  nominated a parade of fossil fuel lackeys, lobbyists, and operatives  whose main qualification seems to be allegiance to their corporate  clients and benefactors. It is not just the fossil fuel industry that  gets their hacks planted in government offices.   Do you remember in the ``Cat in the Hat,'' where they had Thing One  and Thing Two running around? Let's look at Hack One and Hack Two, who  just cleared committee today in the Pruitt ``EPA for Sale'' roster.   Hack One is a toxicologist who consults for major chemical  corporations and has spent the better part of his professional life  fighting regulation of potentially toxic compounds in consumer goods.  His name is Michael Dourson. President Trump nominated him to run the  EPA Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention. A lobbying  group for sellers of pesticides, fungicides, and rodenticides called  Dourson ``a perfect fit'' for the job--the perfect industry hack for  that job, more like.   Hack Two is William Wehrum, nominated to run the EPA Office of Air  and Radiation. Wehrum is a lobbyist who has represented a host of major  industrial and energy corporations, and the Rubber Manufacturers  Association, the American Forest and Paper Association, and the  American Petroleum Institute. President George W. Bush actually  nominated this guy to the same post in 2006, but the White House  withdrew his nomination because it was so controversial.   Well, that was 2006. That was before Citizens United. That was before  that decision amped up industry power to the point where it can now ram  through conflicted and objectionable candidates with--as happened this  morning--unanimous Republican support. Not one Republican Senator on  the committee would voice an objection.   When Senators asked questions for the record in the Environment and  [[Page S6802]]  Public Works Committee nomination hearing on Wehrum and Dourson, these  captured nominees played dumb about the central issues and programs  they will oversee if confirmed.   For instance, I asked Dourson if he agreed that ``the tobacco  industry manipulated and obfuscated scientific research into the  dangers of smoking for decades.'' Dourson, who conducted scientific  studies designed, reviewed, and paid for by the tobacco industry and  whose name is all over, in hundreds of places, the discovery records of  the tobacco industry's denial operation, replied: ``I do not have  firsthand knowledge to comment.''   I ``do not have firsthand knowledge to comment''? This is the  President's selection to run the office that protects Americans from  dangerous chemicals who doesn't know the tobacco industry's history of  falsifying science? Please. He worked for them. He was part of it.   Remember that the tobacco industry was taken to court by the U.S.  Department of Justice--back when the Department of Justice would take  an industry to court--and the Department of Justice won a judgment  declaring that tobacco had engaged in a fraud conspiracy to deny  tobacco's harms. Dourson sees no evil. He knows nothing.   I asked him whether he believes that hydrofluorocarbons are  greenhouse gases and about the global warming potential of methane. His  response: I am not sufficiently familiar with the definition of  greenhouse gases and do not have the expertise to answer these  questions.   He is not familiar with the definition of greenhouse gases? This is  basic high school science. Every one of us has a home State university  that teaches this stuff. This has been science for more than 100 years.   On to Hack Two, Bill Wehrum. When I asked Wehrum about carbon  dioxide's role in the observable effects of climate change, he replied:  ``The degree to which manmade greenhouse gas emissions are contributing  to climate change has not been conclusively determined.'' This claim  just doesn't match the scientific record.   The EPA--the very Agency to which Mr. Wehrum is nominated, along with  NOAA--states that ``carbon dioxide is the primary greenhouse gas that  is contributing to recent climate change.'' This consensus is held by  published climate scientists, by scientific agencies and societies, by  all of our National Laboratories, and by universities in America and  around the globe.   As I said, every one of us in this room--I haven't found an exception  yet, and I have looked, but I expect every Senator has a home State  university that doesn't just know this to be true, but it teaches it in  its curriculum. But Hack Two sees no evil. He knows nothing.   Wehrum's disregard for well-established science provides a grim  preview of what we can expect from him if confirmed. His predictable  dodging falls in lockstep with Administrator Pruitt, who has stated he  does ``not agree that [carbon dioxide] is a primary contributor to the  global warming that we see.'' That puts him in a very small circle of  people, every one of whom I think is connected by money to the fossil  fuel industry.   I asked Mr. Wehrum what he believes is a healthy standard for ozone.  Now, bear in mind that one of the goals of the Clean Air Act is to set  national ambient air quality standards for ozone, that the office to  which he is nominated oversees this ozone standard, and that the EPA  has had ozone standards in place since 1971, more than 45 years.   In response to my question, Wehrum answered: ``I am not familiar with  the current science on the health effects of ozone, so I cannot comment  on your question as to the appropriate level of the standard.'' Really?   I asked Wehrum whether he agreed with EPA's 2009 finding that the  current and projected concentrations of greenhouse gases in the  atmosphere threaten the public health and welfare of current and future  generations. I asked if he would commit not to narrow or weaken the  EPA's endangerment finding. Wehrum wrote back that he had not read the  endangerment finding or the record prepared in support of the finding;  therefore, he said: ``I currently do not have a view.'' I currently do  not have a view? That is funny.   I bet he had a view when he was being paid by the Rubber  Manufacturers Association, the American Forest & Paper Association, and  the American Petroleum Institute. I guess it was the miraculous,  evaporating view.   Maybe these ``see no evil'' nominees, Dourson and Wehrum, don't know  the basics of the problems they would confront. Maybe they just don't  know, but let's not be fooled here. Polluters have paid these nominees  well for their services over the years. They were expert enough to be  hired by industry groups as lobbyists and consultants. We know where  their allegiances lie. We know who has been paying them. We know whom  they will serve.   A preview of coming attractions, coming up before the EPW soon is  Andrew Wheeler, Trump's nominee for the EPA's second in command.  Wheeler was a top lobbyist for the coal mining behemoth, Murray Energy.  Not only did this company support Trump's campaign and provide $300,000  to help pay for his inauguration, Murray Energy has also donated to  Pruitt-affiliated political action committees to the tune of hundreds  of thousands of dollars. I can't wait to hear his answers on the role  of coal in climate change, childhood asthma, and mercury poisoning.   The sad part of all of this is, the polluting interests that own  these nominees also throw their weight around in Congress. So good luck  getting an honest look at this mess through congressional oversight.   Over and over, appalling nominees get through confirmation with no  Republican dissent, more ``see no evil.'' It is just wrong.   For now, the American public will pay the price of dismantling these  regulatory safeguards. They will pay the price in poisonings and  carcinogenic exposures, in rising seas and raging wildfires, in  childhood asthma and northbound tropical diseases. Mark my words, one  day there will be a reckoning for all of this.   When captured EPA officials put payback to their donors first and  clean air and public health a way distant second, it stinks. It is  crooked by any reasonable definition of the term. It is corrupt in  exactly the way the Founding Fathers understood corruption.   The fossil fuel industry will one day be held to account for this  binge of corruption and manipulation. ExxonMobil, Koch Industries, Arch  Coal, Murray Coal, Peabody Coal, you own this just as the Republican  Party does.   I yield the floor.   