 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we cut taxes, there is one goal that is  the most important: We need more good-paying jobs, and we need bigger  paychecks for hard-working Montanans.   It was just announced that the Senate's draft tax bill will repeal a  tax that fundamentally targets those of low to middle income in my  State and across the Nation. In fact, in Montana alone, 75 percent of  the people who pay this tax make less than $50,000 a year. In fact, in  Montana, 32.5 percent make less than $25,000 a year. This is not just  anecdotal. In 2015, if you looked across the Nation, 79 percent of  those who paid this tax made less than $50,000 a year. In fact, a  little over 37 percent made less than $25,000 a year.   The IRS pickpocketed over $3 billion from approximately 6.5 million  Americans in 2015 alone, a majority of whom made less than $50,000 per  year. This is a tax that is targeted at those who are in poverty.   What is this tax, you might ask? Where in the world did it come from?  I will tell you where it came from. It came from ObamaCare. It is the  ObamaCare poverty tax.   Otherwise known as the individual mandate, which forces people to  purchase health insurance or pay a fine, the poverty tax systematically  taxes those who make less than $50,000 a year. If it were not enough  that ObamaCare plans were already too expensive for some of these  folks, the IRS adds insult to injury by fining them, taxing them, for  not being able to afford it. Some say that ObamaCare steals from the  rich to give to the poor, but, honestly, ObamaCare's individual mandate  is really Robin Hood in reverse. ObamaCare's poverty tax is like Robin  Hood stealing from the poor to pay King John.   It is unthinkable that we would leave such a provision in the law  when we have the opportunity to repeal it. By repealing it, we would  save $338 billion over 10 years. That is over $300 billion that we  could put toward additional tax relief for small businesses and  families.   Alternatively, if we do nothing, the CBO projects that we will  increase taxes by $43 billion because of this poverty tax and that  those taxes will be paid primarily by America's low- and middle-income  families--$43 billion in taxes on those who can afford it the least.   ObamaCare's poverty tax must go, and there is no better time to get  rid of it than right now. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to join me in fighting on behalf of the low and middle classes of  our Nation.   Benjamin Franklin is credited with this phrase: Just two things in  life are certain--death and taxes.   That may be so, but we do not need to make them both quite so  painful. That is why I am glad to see that a repeal of the ObamaCare  poverty tax has been included in the current Senate draft tax  legislation. I urge my colleagues in the House of Representatives to do  the same.   Thank you.   