 Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to  this bill. The Iran nuclear agreement stands as a major diplomatic  achievement that has destroyed Iran's capacity to develop a nuclear  weapon.   Detractors point to Iran's bad behavior in other realms--ballistic  missiles, support for Hezbollah, violations of human rights. We  acknowledge these problems. Nobody is talking about coddling Iran or  apologizing for Iran. I resent that implication by the last speaker.   The fact is, we take these problems and these challenges very, very  seriously; but we also note that there is not a one of them that  wouldn't be much more serious if we were dealing with a nuclear-capable  state. So we have got to protect this agreement. We have got to be wary  of any proposals that would directly or indirectly threaten it.   And that brings us to the bill before us, H.R. 4324, the so-called  Strengthening Oversight of Iran's Access to Finance Act, which would  make it much more difficult for Iran to purchase commercial aircraft  from firms that do business with the United States.   Now, as we all know, Iran's ability to replenish its aging civil  aviation fleet, which was depleted by decades of sanctions, was a key  incentive for Tehran to sign on to the JCPOA.   Kenneth Katzman of the Congressional Research Service said: ``Iran  would view the bill's enactment into law as a breach of the JCPOA. The  agreement contains a clear U.S. commitment to undertake such sales to  Iran.''   But this bill imposes reporting and certification requirements that  could well prompt the Treasury Department to cease issuing licenses  allowing for such sales if this certification were to be contingent on  non-nuclear factors, factors outside the deal.   Richard Nephew, the lead sanctions expert for the U.S. negotiating  team, put it this way. He said: ``My take on this bill is that, if  implemented the way I expect, it probably would violate the JCPOA.''   Now, I suppose we have to entertain the possibility that that  actually is what the authors of this bill have in mind. Maybe that is  the idea, to give the Trump administration and the Iranian hardliners a  way of sabotaging the agreement.   Already, President Trump has tried to undermine the JCPOA by refusing  to certify Iran's compliance with the deal when, by all accounts, Iran  is, in fact, complying.   Now, by directly blocking a specific provision of the agreement,  namely, the permissible sale of commercial passenger aircraft, this  legislation would send a clear message to Iran that the United States  does not negotiate in good faith. It would imply that we expect to have  it both ways, with Iran dismantling its nuclear facilities and getting  nothing in return.   The bill before us today would also break faith with our P5+1  negotiating partners in a reckless and dangerous way.   Because of this agreement, Mr. Speaker, the breakout time for Iran to  develop enough weapons-grade material for a nuclear weapon went from 2  or 3 months to more than a year.   Because of this agreement, the international community has 24/7  access to Iran's nuclear sites, an unprecedented degree of access,  intrusive inspections.   And because of this agreement, we possess an enforcement mechanism to  ensure Iran's compliance. Why on Earth would we give up these  capabilities by failing to uphold our end of the bargain?   That is the way agreements work. We uphold our end of the bargain. We  don't sabotage agreement by deceptive legislation like that bill before  us.   So, in light of renewed tensions on the Korean Peninsula, now is  especially not the time for the United States to go back on its word to  our allies and to the international community.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 4324.   