 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1117 to require the  Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a  report on how it will improve field staff transition.   As the gentleman from Pennsylvania has explained, there has been a  good deal of confusion with high turnover, repetitive and lost  paperwork, and inconsistent guidance.   FEMA has implemented several new technologies to manage its full-time  employees, but they have not made similar efforts for field and  temporary disaster response personnel. It is time for FEMA to do so.   This bill requires FEMA to submit a report on how it plans to address  the disaster workforce issues, their continuing inconsistent guidance,  and keeping appropriate records.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   FEMA provides public assistance funds after a disaster or emergency  to State, tribal, and local governments and some private nonprofits.  These funds reimburse communities and other entities for activities  such as debris removal costs, emergency protective measures, and the  repair or replacement of disaster-damaged facilities.   Currently, for projects under--however they chose that number-- $122,100--I am surprised they didn't add on 10 cents--reimburses  grantees based on cost estimates rather than actual costs. This bill  would require FEMA to increase this threshold to $500,000. This would  be temporary authority, expiring on September 30, 2021. We would  require that this be closely tracked. There is a strong indication that  this will actually expedite reimbursement, ultimately save funds, and  will not subject these projects to abuse.   I am hopeful that my colleagues will support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I thank the chairman for his kind words for the work I have been  doing for a number of years on this issue.   I traveled with the committee last year to Japan to see what lessons  they learned from the horrible earthquake 6 years ago, in which more  than 15,000 people perished. They did have in place a land-based and  near-ocean early warning system, which gave them enough time to shut  down the high-speed trains, get people out of elevators in buildings,  shut down production lines, mitigating economic losses  [[Page H2452]]  and property damage. But, unfortunately, the system was not adequate to  predict the height of the tsunami, and 15,000 people died.   They are now deploying a realtime deep ocean system. It is time for  the United States to emulate that. The Cascadia Subduction Zone, off  the coast of northern California and Oregon, has had at least a dozen  massive earthquakes over the last 5,000 years. It is currently well  overdue for an earthquake. If we had in place a deep ocean system near  the southern end of that fault where they expect the major quake will  start, it would give enough warning time for people on the coast of  Oregon, and at least those a little further up the coast, to seek  higher ground and not be inundated. It would provide more time in the  valleys, and up in Portland and up in Seattle for transit systems to be  shut down and people to take shelter. So this could save many lives.   This bill directs FEMA to develop a plan to identify the necessary  funds and the potential costs to purchase the equipment for an  earthquake early warning system. It is basically off-the-shelf  technology.   It requires the President to establish an earthquake and tsunami task  force. The task force will consist of representatives from potentially  impacted areas, as well as earthquake and tsunami experts to develop  comprehensive strategy recommendations on how the Nation should prepare  for, mitigate against, respond to, recover from, and adapt to an  earthquake, tsunami, or combined event in the Cascadia Subduction Zone.   I strongly recommend this bill to my colleagues. We should learn from  the disaster in Japan and take action here to save lives and property  in the event of this quake in the Cascadia Subduction Zone.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   