 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to speak to the repeal and replace  effort that is before us, and the challenge has been how to do so.  Senator McConnell has recently introduced a bill, and as we pore over  it, there is much to like, but quite likely, there will be some  Senators who will still express reservations as to whether this  amendment adequately fulfills President Trump's campaign pledges--those  pledges specifically to continue coverage, care for those with  preexisting conditions, eliminate mandates, and lower premiums.   If more is required, Senator Lindsey Graham and I have actually come  up with an amendment that we will add to the bill being offered. It  doesn't replace it but, rather, it adds to it. In it, we return to  conservative solutions that devolve power back to States and rely upon  the States to, in turn, devolve power to the patient.   So what does this bill do? What we do basically is take the dollars  that the Federal Government would give to a State under ObamaCare and  we give those same dollars in the form of a block grant. We allow the  State to then administer the money in its best way to, one, give  patients the power, and two, fulfill President Trump's pledges.   We think this works. It is a 10th Amendment solution in which that  which is not specifically given to the Federal Government is, in turn,  given to the State. Let the States decide what they want to do. Some  object. They say: Oh my gosh. A conservative State may do something  that we don't think--whoever is speaking--it should be allowed to do.  Another might say: Well, I don't think a liberal State should be  allowed to do that. Under our bill, we devolve to the State, so a blue  State can do a blue thing and a red State can do a red thing. Let's let  our States be the laboratories of democracy that teach each other the  best way in which to insure others. But we say it will be the State  that has the power and not the Federal Government.   If you oppose this approach, it means you would trust a Washington  bureaucrat more to address the needs of your State than you would trust  the people of your own State.   We would still have those protections which would allow folks to get  the adequate coverage they need. There would still be--for example,  preexisting conditions will be covered, fulfilling President Trump's  pledge to that end. We would fulfill what I call the Jimmy Kimmel  test--that everybody who is ill or has a loved one who is ill would  have adequate resources to have that person's illness addressed.   We have a precedent as to how this is done. Congress, I am told, when  it addressed the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Program, gave  the dollars necessary, with flexibility to the States. Although at the  time the solution was criticized as giving too much money to the  States, since, the Federal Government has not had to put in more money.  Because of the flexibility, the States have been able to use the  dollars allocated in such a way as to meet the needs of the population.   So what could a State do with these dollars?   It could help those patients who are at higher risk or higher cost  purchase  [[Page S3985]]  the coverage they need, perhaps in a reinsurance or in an invisible  high-risk pool that would allow premiums to be lowered for those  individuals and for all.   It could maintain status quo. Those folks getting tax credits instead  could have these dollars fund their purchase of insurance. It could be  used together with Senator Cruz's amendment, which would allow a health  savings account to be used to purchase health insurance. The individual  could set up such an account, the State could fund it, and then these  dollars could then be used to purchase insurance. I like that,  personally. That particular provision was in the Cassidy-Collins bill,  the Patient Freedom Act, and it dovetails very nicely with block- granting these dollars back to the States to care for someone.   It could directly contract with providers to provide assistance to a  specific population. So imagine you have an Indian reservation--or if  not an Indian reservation, which might be covered under another source  of funding, another fairly isolated population that does not have  access to healthcare, the State could say: OK, we are going to come in  and provide providers specifically for that population.   Alaska may adopt this because they have 700,000 people stretched over  a land mass almost as big as the lower 48, and that might be a solution  Alaska comes up with, but the point being, the solution would be  specific for that State. Unlike ObamaCare, in which, out of Washington,  DC, Washington bureaucrats dictate that the same approach be taken  across the Nation no matter how different the States are, in this, the  money is given to the State, and the State is asked to provide for  their citizens in a way specific for the needs of that State.   We think the Graham-Cassidy amendment returning power to States and  to patients is a conservative solution which ultimately gives the  patient more power. I will repeat. This does not replace that bill  which is being offered by Senator McConnell. It would be an amendment  to that. And if it turns out that some Senators feel as if that  particular bill is not adequate to fulfill President Trump's campaign  promises, we think this amendment could take the bill the rest of the  way.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   