 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for  yielding, for his steadfast leadership, and for giving me the  opportunity to be a part of this incredible opportunity on behalf of  this great country.   Tax reform is about giving hardworking Americans of all walks of life  the confidence they need to make their dreams a reality. So the  question that needs to be asked is whether or not the current Tax Code,  and all of its targeted tax credits, really increases people's  paychecks. Does it treat people fairly? Does it put American workers  first?   What about fostering economic growth? Does it help create more good- paying jobs? On that subject, I think Michigan is a great case study,  my home State of Michigan. You see, I am from the Motor City where we  are known for our blue-collar work ethic. Our families come from humble  beginnings. They get up every morning and go to work to make ends meet  to build a better life for their family and for their kids. We  persevered through some pretty serious economic death spirals, I must  say, and I would refer back to 2008 as an example.   More than 8,000 people left our State. Just think about that. We are  the only State in the Union to lose population--and more would have  left if they had a chance to sell their homes.   At the time, I was the Senate majority leader in Michigan under the  last administration, overseeing the only Republican branch of  government. I saw firsthand how the administration pursued targeted tax  credits, one after the other, that favored one industry over the other.  It was a classic example of government picking winners over losers, and  as expected, it failed miserably.   As we see at the Federal level today, in Michigan, these targeted tax  benefits were paid for by everyone else in the form of tax increases,  and not only did it fail to attract growth in emerging sectors as they  had hoped, but it caused our economy to go into a tailspin, a very  serious tailspin.   Michigan quickly became the only State in the country experiencing  zero economic growth. Per capita income fell for the first time. It was  one of the highest to begin with, and just a few years later, it was  one of the lowest. By 2009, unemployment hit a record high of 15  percent. Neighboring States that had more hospitable environments for  good job growth attracted our families and our neighbors.   As I said, we are the only State in the Union to lose population. But  as Senate majority leader at that time of the only Republican branch of  government, we didn't just say no to the government's failed policies.  We offered solutions and loaded up the pipeline with legislation to  help the newly elected Republican legislature and Governor Rick Snyder  get the job done.   What did we do? We did exactly what we are doing here today. We  started with tax reform. While balancing budgets, we found ways to  lower rates on individuals, reduce baseline rates for job creators, and  eliminate tax credits that favored certain industries over others.   Michigan created an environment that grew the economy and helped  families get ahead. Sure enough, just 2 months after these reforms  happened, job growth turned positive again in Michigan.   Today, in Michigan, we are a top 10 probusiness State and ranked 12th  among all States for overall business climate. Unemployment is the  lowest it has been in my home district of 3.3 percent, in Livingston  County.   Detroit is re-emerging again as an economic powerhouse. The streets  are alive with entrepreneurs and young people finally living downtown.  The future looks great for the comeback city.   The moral of this story is tax reform, but it is not just about tax  cuts. It is about real reform to a broken system. Getting tax reform  done right means delivering real relief, and I have seen it firsthand  in Michigan.   I know it can happen at the national level. It is not rocket science.  It is about giving people back more that is rightfully theirs. It is  about freeing up more capital to create more jobs, increase wages, and  compete at the global level. This is how you grow an economy from the  ground up.   Mr. Speaker, let's vote for our constituents today. Do it for the  middle-income family of four or the struggling mom. Let's pass this  bill today. It has been 31 years. It is time for relief. It is long  overdue.   