 The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Florida (Mr. Rubio).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio)  would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Florida (Mr. Rubio).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio)  would have voted ``yea.''    Madam President, the rain is no longer falling in  Houston, but the streets are still being flooded as the Corps of  Engineers lets water that threatens the integrity of dams located north  of Houston out of those dams, actually reflooding some of the  neighborhoods that previously have been flooded, even after the rain  has stopped for a number of days now.   The weight of Hurricane Harvey is still pressing down on my home  State of Texas, where many are struggling for some good news and a  breath of fresh air. The latest numbers that I have seen are that  roughly 100,000 people have lost their homes, 70,000 are still living  in shelters or in motel rooms, others are living with friends and  family, and more than 700,000 people have registered for individual  assistance with the Federal Emergency Management Agency--more than  700,000.   With the water drained in most parts of the city and the area, mold  is the next thing that pops up in buildings and houses, and then come  the mosquitoes. The mosquitoes aren't just a nuisance. They are a  public health hazard as well. We happen to live in an area of the  United States where the particular mosquito that carries the West Nile  virus and the Zika virus is present. So this represents a public health  challenge as well.   These are just some of the aftereffects that I heard about as I  traveled the State last week. Those are the more localized problems. As  we know, there are others that spread far beyond brick homes and  ranches with barbed-wire fences. For example, the challenges, the  coordination, and the logistical support among many actors were usually  some of the biggest problems that we saw demonstrated with Hurricane  Katrina.   Having learned the lessons of Hurricane Katrina, I can't tell you how  proud I am of the great collaboration, consultation, and support that  we have gotten from the President at the Federal level and all the way  down to the State and local leadership, which have stepped up and I  think made all of us proud.   While some say it takes a village, my experience in Texas is that it  also takes an army. Indeed, Harvey's devastation has been so vast  across swaths of the State that we have called in help from our Armed  Forces. Members of our military have served crucial roles throughout  the storm and continue to do so now that the waters have begun to  recede. These include the U.S. Coast Guard, Marine Corps, Army, Navy,  and Air Force. More than 12,000 Texas National Guardsmen were activated  by Governor Abbott alone, and thousands more have been sent from other  States to help out in the rescue and recovery effort.   What did these troops do in their Humvees, helicopters, their  amphibious boats, and warships? They did a lot. The Army National Guard  alone delivered more than 75,000 pounds of hay to flooded ranches and  stranded cattle. Other troops showed up to provide medical services and  disaster relief supplies. They assisted with debris management, route  clearance, and--in scenes we have all seen on TV--heroic search and  rescue operations. That is not all. They provided surveillance aircraft  so that imagery could be provided to FEMA of the impact area while  State Guard members ensured that people who were evacuated were part of  an emergency tracking system. These members of our military are  responding to Hurricane Irma in Florida as well.    Earlier this week, the Pentagon sent ships, aircraft, and, of course,  fuel to the region to help. So our military has helped in ways that  perhaps most of us don't really appreciate. They don't exist just to  fight and win our wars; they respond to natural disasters like  Hurricanes Harvey and Irma as well. And thank goodness they are there  to do that. As the past few weeks have shown, there is always a risk of  unforeseen events, and with them, our troops are being stretched  awfully thin.   We know the importance of making sure that this week and next, we do  everything we can to demonstrate our real support for our men and women  in uniform by passing the National Defense Authorization Act. That is  why this is so important this week, because not only does it affect our  readiness, as I said earlier, to fight and win our Nation's wars in  places around the world, it is also important to our ability to respond  to natural disasters like Irma and Harvey.   The NDAA, in addition to natural disasters, allows us to address  ongoing readiness challenges that we have inherited in the attempt once  again to cash the peace dividend when there is no peace.   My colleague and friend Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House Armed  Services Committee, has spoken about just how dire this situation is.  He is just one of many voices on this topic. He calls past inaction a  ``funding paralysis.'' The financial straitjacket he is referring to, I  might add, is one we desperately need to break out of when it comes to  funding and equipping and training and preparing our military to be  ready when we call them.   Today, I want to emphasize several amendments I plan to file to the  NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act. They will help make sure  that America is safer and, importantly, take steps to correct some of  the foreign policy mistakes we saw under the previous administration.  Let me talk about three of those amendments.   The first amendment focuses on countering the world's foremost  sponsor of terrorism--Iran. The amendment targets Mahan Air, that  country's largest commercial airline. That airline has repeatedly  played a role in exporting terrorism to other places around the world.   Mahan is a government-controlled airline parading as a commercial  enterprise. You can go online right now and purchase a ticket to fly to  nearly 40 international airports on Mahan Airline, including ones in  countries with which we have a visa waiver agreement. Yet Mahan Air  supports the efforts of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard to ferry  weapons and personnel to Syria and Iraq and supports Hezbollah as well.  In order to operate, it bypasses normal security procedures, omits  information from flight manifests, and falsifies documents for  maintenance purposes. In so doing, it undercuts the interests of the  United States  [[Page S5260]]  and, of course, our ally in the region, Israel.   Today, Mahan Air is working to add more international airports to its  flight patterns, including several in Europe. Given its links to  terrorist activity, we have to consider the potential security risks to  Americans who fly in and out of airports where Mahan operates.   My amendment would require the Department of Homeland Security to  compile and make public a list of airports where Mahan Air operates and  would require the Department of Homeland Security to assess what added  security measures should be imposed on those flights.   I hope my colleagues would agree that this is a commonsense proposal,  and I hope they will join me in supporting it.   The second amendment I want to talk about involves a different kind  of flight risk. This one is domestic instead of international. It  addresses the development and the deployment of wind turbines and other  structures surrounding our military installations, particularly where  our pilots train and fly. Some of them are being built along flight  routes in Wichita Falls, Corpus Christi, and elsewhere, both in Texas  and in other States, such as New York.   Currently, base commanders have no say and have no real opportunity  to indicate the risks these wind farms, which are in close proximity to  military training, pose to pilot training and other operations.  Commanders are really in the best position to understand the nature of  the training that needs to be done and to offer suggestions about how  risks can be mitigated, if not eliminated entirely.   My amendment would preserve the voices of the base commanders in the  evaluation process. It would require those base commanders impacted by  a proposed wind turbine project to weigh in explicitly regarding  possible risks, including risks to our ability to train and make ready  our pilots but also problems with radar and other ways that it is not  only a danger to our military men and women but also to civilian  aircraft as well. Clearly, base commanders have expertise and knowledge  that must be considered during the proposed construction projects in  close proximity to their installations. Their voices are vital.   I hope our colleagues will join me in supporting this amendment and  ensuring that our base commanders are always heard when it comes to  security risks and threats to readiness.   Finally, the third amendment I want to talk about is one that would  grant tax-free status to U.S. troops deployed in the Sinai Peninsula in  Egypt.   Last year, with the House Homeland Security Committee, I had the  chance to visit an international peacekeeping force comprised largely  of American troops deployed to the Sinai. I can tell you from having  spoken to them, our troops there play a strategic role in maintaining  the peace in that critical region. Their work is often difficult, and  it is always dangerous. The North Camp is located just 15 miles from  the Gaza Strip. Troops there face mortars, rockets, and explosive  attacks, and a number have been wounded during patrols.   By granting our troops on the Sinai tax-free status, we can put them  on equal footing with other American troops who are deployed in war  zones like Afghanistan and Iraq and other similarly dangerous hot spots  around the globe. All of them enjoy the same tax benefit when stationed  in those combat zones, and what we would like to do is establish equal  footing and parity for these Americans troops engaged in international  peacekeeping missions there in the Sinai. Extending this measure of our  appreciation will also serve to bolster morale, you can believe me.   Colleagues, I hope you will join me in supporting these Sinai  peacekeeping servicemembers, who put their lives on the line to keep  the peace, by passing this measure.   I hope that after an open amendment process, we will be able to get  other commonsense amendments added to this legislation before we pass  it next week.   I know that Senator McCain, the chairman of the Armed Services  Committee, always says we have never failed to pass a national defense  authorization bill, and we shouldn't start this week or next. I hope we  will pass the bill. I am glad to offer these three amendments and would  welcome support from all of our colleagues.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   