 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to voice my strong support for the  nomination of Jeff Rosen to be the next Deputy Secretary of  Transportation.   Mr. Rosen has had a long and distinguished career in transportation  policy and public service. He is currently a partner at the law firm of  Kirkland & Ellis, where he has worked on a range of regulatory and  litigation matters for more than 30 years. Prior to starting his career  at the firm, he obtained his bachelor's degree in economics at  Northwestern University and his law degree from Harvard Law School.   Mr. Rosen's private sector experience has been punctuated by  significant leadership positions in the public sector. Mr. Rosen served  as the General Counsel of the Department of Transportation from 2003 to  2006 after winning Senate confirmation by a voice vote. He also served  as the General Counsel and Senior Policy Adviser at the White House  Office of Management and Budget from 2006 to 2009. Mr. Rosen's prior  experience in government is a testament to his ability to lead, manage,  and effectively operate within the Federal Government.   If confirmed as Deputy Secretary of Transportation, Mr. Rosen will be  responsible for overseeing the daily operations of the Department. He  will also oversee the DOT's 10 modal administrations and approximately  55,000 employees and will exercise stewardship for the Department's  budget and its efforts to provide funding for State and local  transportation projects.   Mr. Rosen's fundamental responsibility will be to ensure that the  DOT's crucial mission--the safe and efficient movement of goods and  people across our Nation and the world--is achieved while fostering  innovation and maintaining the reliability of our infrastructure.   As I mentioned, Mr. Rosen brings valuable experience to this  position. As the DOT's General Counsel during the George W. Bush  administration, Mr. Rosen had responsibility for the DOT's regulatory  programs, enforcement, litigation activities, legal issues relating to  international transportation activities, and legislative proposals. He  acted as counsel to Secretary Norman Mineta. Later, as General Counsel  and Senior Policy Adviser at the OMB, Mr. Rosen served as the Bush  administration's top lawyer for regulations, fiscal issues, and  executive orders.   Of note, during the past 2 years, Mr. Rosen has served as chair of  the American Bar Association's Section of Administrative Law and  Regulatory Practice, where he has been praised for revitalizing the  section with more debate and programs while seeking consensus on  recommended changes to the Administrative Procedure Act. His thoughtful  leadership will be valuable as the Department of Transportation looks  toward a pro-growth agenda in the transportation sector.   On March 29, 2017, I held a hearing in the Senate Commerce, Science,  and Transportation Committee to consider his nomination. I was  impressed, as were my colleagues on the committee, with Mr. Rosen's  credentials, experience, and depth of knowledge on transportation  policy.   On April 5, 2017, the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee  acted by a rollcall vote to favorably report his nomination to the  floor. While it is my hope that the Senate will confirm this  exceptionally well-qualified nominee today, it is my understanding that  some of my Democrat colleagues will oppose him. It is my understanding  that their decision is, in large part, because Mr. Rosen refused to  publicly oppose President Trump's proposed budget at his confirmation  hearing last month. I think this is an unfair basis for opposing such a  well-qualified nominee.    I believe Mr. Rosen's extensive and distinguished career in  transportation policy and prior public service will be an asset in  addressing the infrastructure challenges our Nation faces.   I look forward to confirming Mr. Rosen's nomination, and I urge my  colleagues to support his nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   