 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Georgia for yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 455, a bill to designate the  United States courthouse in Jackson, Mississippi, as the R. Jess Brown  United States Courthouse.   Mr. Speaker, Richard Jess Brown was born on September 12, 1912, in  Coffeyville, Kansas. His parents, Ernestine and Joe Brown, were jazz  musicians and performed in and managed a local theater.   Jess received a bachelor of science in industrial arts from Illinois  State Normal University and a master of science in industrial education  from Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana.   After teaching at Alcorn State University, Jess moved to Jackson,  Mississippi, where he taught industrial arts at Lanier High School, the  only Black high school in the city at that time. While teaching at  Lanier, Jess became an intervening plaintiff in a lawsuit that sought  equal pay for Black teachers in Jackson.   After teaching in Jackson, Jess attended Texas Southern University  Law School. Jess left the law school before receiving his juris  doctorate, but was able to return to Mississippi and pass the  Mississippi bar in 1953.   Beginning his law career in Vicksburg, Mississippi, Jess confined his  practice to cases involving divorces, deeds, land titles, and other  practices that did not agitate White members of the bar. However, after  the Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka ruling in 1954, Jess felt  compelled to defend the civil rights of African Americans.   In the fall of 1955, the conditions and hardships endured by Black  lawyers in the courts led Mr. Brown and seven other Black attorneys to  establish the Magnolia Bar Association.   Mr. Speaker, R. Jess Brown is credited with filing the first civil  suit on behalf of an African American in Mississippi, that lawsuit on  behalf of a Jefferson County minister who challenged laws that  prevented Blacks from voting.   Mr. Speaker, Jess Brown has an extensive record as a civil rights  lawyer. His list of clients include:   Clyde Kennard, who was charged with and convicted of a fictitious  crime while attempting to desegregate the University of Southern  Mississippi;   James H. Meredith, whose litigation ultimately led to the integration  of the University of Mississippi;   Dr. Gilbert Mason, who led the effort to end racial segregation on  the beaches of Biloxi, Mississippi; and   Civil rights icons Medgar Wiley Evers and Dr. Aaron Henry.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Brown was admitted to practice law before all  Mississippi court systems; the United States District Court for the  Northern District of Mississippi; the United States District Court for  the Southern District of Mississippi; the United States Court of  Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and the United States Supreme Court. Mr.  Brown also served on the Executive Board of the National Bar  Association for approximately 15 years.   Mr. Speaker, on December 31, 1989, R. Jess Brown died in Jackson,  Mississippi, at the age of 77.   Mr. Speaker, R. Jess Brown is well-deserving of this honor, and I  urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 455.   