 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I don't need to tell anyone that middle- class Americans have had a rough time in recent years. Stagnant wages  and a lack  [[Page S6729]]  of opportunities have left many American families stretched thin.  Sending the kids to college, a secure retirement, putting something  away for a rainy day--for too many families, these hallmarks of the  American dream have started to seem more and more doubtful.   A recent survey found that 50 percent of people in this country  consider themselves to be living paycheck to paycheck. And about one- third of people in this country say they are just $400 away from a  financial crisis. If anyone wants to know why we are taking up tax  reform, this is why. We are taking up tax reform because it is not  acceptable that 50 percent of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck  and because it is not acceptable that one-third of voters are one  unexpected car repair away from a financial crisis.   How is tax reform going to help? For starters, our tax reform bill is  going to make sure that hard-working Americans are taking home more  money from every paycheck. We are going to cut income tax rates. We are  going to double the standard deduction--the amount of Americans' income  that is not subject to any income tax--and we are going to  significantly increase the child tax credit. All these things mean that  American families are going to see an increase in their take-home pay.  They are going to get to keep more of their hard-earned money. We are  also going to simplify and streamline the Tax Code so that it is easier  for Americans to figure out what benefits they qualify for, so they  don't have to spend a lot of time and money filling out their tax  returns.   But we are not going to stop with reforming the individual side of  the Tax Code. Another key part of improving Americans' financial  situation is reforming the business side of the Tax Code so that we can  give Americans access to the kinds of jobs, wages, and opportunities  that will set them up for a secure future.   In order for individual Americans to thrive economically, we need  American businesses to thrive. Thriving businesses create jobs. They  provide opportunities, and they increase wages and invest in their  workers.   Right now, though, our Tax Code is not helping businesses thrive.  Instead, it is strangling businesses large and small with high tax  rates. Our Nation has the highest corporate tax rate in the  industrialized world. It is at least 10 percentage points higher than  the majority of our international competitors.   It doesn't take an economist to realize that high tax rates leave  businesses with less money to invest in their workers, with less money  to spend on wages, and with less money to create new and better paying  jobs. This situation is compounded when you are an American business  with international competitors that are paying a lot less in taxes than  you are.   It is no surprise that American businesses that are struggling to  stay competitive in the global economy don't have a lot of resources to  devote to creating new jobs and increasing wages.   A study from the White House Council of Economic Advisers estimates  that reducing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent  would increase average household income by $4,000 annually. That is a  significant pay raise for hard-working American families.   Another study shows a similar pay increase. Boston University  professor and well-known public finance expert Larry Kotlikoff recently  issued a study that concluded that lowering the corporate tax rate from  35 percent to 20 percent would increase household income by $3,500 per  year on average. Specifically, the study concluded that depending on  the year considered, the new Republican tax plan raises GDP by between  3 and 5 percent and real wages by between 4 and 7 percent. This  translates into roughly $3,500 annually, on average, per American  household.   On top of our high business tax rates, there is another major problem  with our Tax Code that is decreasing American jobs, and that is our  outdated worldwide tax system. What does it mean to have a worldwide  tax system like we have here in the United States? It means that  American companies pay U.S. taxes on the profits they make here at home  as well as on part of the profits they make abroad once they bring that  money back home to the United States.   The problem with this is that most other major world economies have  shifted from a worldwide tax system to what is called a territorial tax  system. In a territorial tax system, you pay taxes on the money you  earn where you make it and only there. You aren't taxed again when you  bring money back to your home country, like what happens here in the  United States today.   Most of American companies' foreign competitors have been operating  under a territorial tax system for years. They are paying a lot less in  taxes on the money they make abroad than American companies are, and  that leaves American companies at a disadvantage. These foreign  companies can underbid American companies for new business simply  because they don't have to add as much in taxes into the price of the  products or services they sell.   When foreign companies beat out American companies for new business,  it is not just American companies that suffer. It is American workers.  That is why a key part of the Republicans' tax plan involves lowering  our massive corporate tax rate and transitioning our tax system from a  worldwide tax system, like we have in America today, to a territorial  tax system, like all of our competitors have.   By making American businesses more competitive in the global economy,  we can improve the playing field for American workers. So 57 percent of  the manufacturers that took part in a recent survey from the National  Association of Manufacturers reported that they would be more likely to  hire additional workers if comprehensive tax reform becomes law, and 52  percent reported that they would be more likely to increase employee  wages and benefits. That would be a tremendous, tremendous boost for  American workers.   Comprehensive tax reform will allow us to see the same kind of  results in other industries.   The other part of improving the playing field for American workers is  lifting the tax burdens facing small businesses. Small businesses are  incredibly important to new job creation. Like larger businesses, right  now small businesses are being strangled by high tax rates and, at  times, even exceeding those paid by some of the largest corporations in  our country. Well, that can make it difficult for small businesses to  even survive, much less thrive and grow their businesses. Every dollar  that we save small businesses by lowering their tax rates is a dollar a  small business owner can use to expand the business, add another  worker, or give employees a raise.   We can also help small businesses increase wages and create jobs by  allowing them to recover their investments in things like inventory and  machinery more quickly. Right now, it can take small businesses years,  or in some cases even decades, to recover the cost of their investments  in equipment and facilities. That can leave them extremely cash poor in  the meantime. Cash-poor businesses don't expand, they don't hire new  workers, and they don't increase wages.   Allowing small businesses to recover their investments more quickly  will mean more jobs and more opportunities for American workers.   The American people had a rough few years, but economic stress  doesn't have to become the status quo for the long term. We can start  turning things around right now. Comprehensive tax reform along the  lines of what is envisioned by the plan that has been put forward in  the Republican framework will put more money in Americans' pockets. It  will give Americans access to new jobs and more opportunities, and it  will increase American families' wages.   I look forward to passing our comprehensive tax reform bill in the  near future and to giving the American people the relief they have been  waiting for.   I yield the floor.   