 Mr. President, I join with the Senator from Illinois, and  I thank him for his great leadership on this issue. He has been doing  this for a long time. His partnership with Senator Lindsey Graham is  inspiring.   I want to begin by thanking Senator Durbin and Senator Graham for  leading this effort and making it bipartisan and making it possible for  us to talk about an issue as Americans and not as Democrats and  Republicans and having a discussion about who falls into the category  of being an American who is entitled to the benefits of being in this  country.   For the last 5 years, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals--or  DACA--Program has created security and opportunity for young immigrants  across this country. Now, the futures of some 800,000 young people-- 7,900 of them in Massachusetts--have been needlessly put in jeopardy  because President Donald Trump feels the need to keep an ill-considered  campaign promise made to his base and to break another one made to the  best and brightest of our young people by repealing DACA. And because  the House of Representatives has refused to debate and hold a vote on  comprehensive immigration reform legislation, our immigration system  remains tragically broken.  [[Page S4998]]    Yesterday, I met one of these Dreamers, Diana Ortiz. Her mother  brought her to the United States nearly 20 years ago. Diana studied  history at Pomona College in California, and she recently received a  master's degree of divinity from the Harvard Divinity School. She hopes  to become a U.S. citizen. Diana literally wants to do God's work here  on Earth.   DACA has provided Diana and more than a million other young  immigrants safety, security, dignity, respect, and opportunity. These  are young people who play, study, work, and live next door to us each  and every day.   What will the repeal of DACA mean for the Dreamers and for our  country? It will mean bad news for our economy. Many of these Dreamers  have started their own businesses and are beginning their careers. Over  the course of the past 5 years of the program, 91 percent of the  Dreamers have found gainful employment. Removing DACA recipients from  the workforce would reduce our gross domestic product by more than $460  billion over a decade and would cut contributions to Medicare and  Social Security by more than $24 billion over that same 10-year period.   It will mean misplaced criminal justice priorities, with law  enforcement focusing not on targeting drug dealers, human traffickers,  and the real criminals in our society, but on the Dreamers instead.  These young people are not the so-called ``bad hombres'' that President  Trump said would be the focus of his administration.   Most tragically, it will mean unnecessary pain and suffering for  countless young people and families across Massachusetts and across the  United States whose futures will be uncertain. Instead of going to  sleep tonight knowing they will be able to live their lives in peace  and plan for the future, they are again left with uncertainty,  vulnerable to deportation and unable to work legally.   This is heartbreaking. It is unjust, and it is just plain evil. We  should not punish these young people who have no other home than the  United States of America. We should not go back on the word we gave  when we told these young people to come out of the shadows.   These Dreamers are engineers. They are police officers, teachers, and  students, many in our great Massachusetts universities. They serve  bravely in our military right now--in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and  Marines. They are our best and our brightest, and they are making the  most of the opportunities that the United States has always provided  immigrant communities.    I stand here this evening as a testament to the future that any  family can achieve in this country. When I announced for the Senate 4  years ago, I decided--really, for the first time in my life--to go up  and ring the doorbell of the house that my father grew up in. You  pretty much grow up where your mother tells your father he is going to  live. So my mother was from Malden, and my father was from Lawrence,  and we grew up in Malden.   My father always said: Well, Lawrence is just this great city. So I  went up to ring the doorbell at 88 Phillips Street in Lawrence, in the  shadow of the old south mill. It is a triple decker; that is, a three- family home, stacked one on top of the other. My father grew up on the  first floor of 88 Phillips, with five brothers and sisters and a mother  and father in this very tiny space.   I rang the doorbell to see who lived there now, and the door opened.  It was a Dominican family with their children. The accents were  different, but the aspirations are just the same for that family as it  existed for the Markeys.   Now, my father graduated from Lawrence High School, from the  vocational program, and his son is a U.S. Senator from the State of  Massachusetts. That was a dream that my father had or his father and  mother had to be here in America and to give opportunities, not so much  for themselves but for the next generation.   Well, that is what we are talking about. We are talking about these  young people whose parents brought them here to give them a better  chance, but the children didn't have a choice in whether or not they  would come here. They saw the promise that hard work, education, and  opportunity--helped a little bit by the government--worked for the  people.   So that is really what we are talking about, and that is why I  believe it is a new level of inhumanity for President Trump to betray  the foundational values of this Nation by repealing DACA. He is no  better than Pontius Pilate by having Attorney General Jeff Sessions  make the announcement yesterday. President Trump is providing  absolutely no leadership for his party or the American people on an  issue that even he says is an important one, and I can only hope that  he recognizes and understands the cruelty that repealing DACA will  inflict on innocent young families, innocent young people all across  this country.   So if President Trump wants to take away these protections, then,  Congress must act. The ball is in the court of the Republican  leadership in the House and in the Senate. Speaker Paul Ryan and Leader  Mitch McConnell can either listen to a growing chorus of their own  colleagues and to the business leaders and CEOs--including Apple,  Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, General Motors--and to academic leaders  and countless college and university presidents who all support DACA,  or they can side with the forces of intolerance and injustice.   Congress should pass the Dream Act so that individuals who were  brought here at a young age can earn citizenship by serving in the  military or pursing higher education.   Ultimately, the House of Representatives must also debate and vote on  comprehensive immigration reform. I have long supported a pathway to  citizenship for the 11 million immigrants who are living here in the  shadows.   We are the United States of America. We are a nation of immigrants.  We are called on not simply to tolerate but to celebrate our immigrant  communities, to understand not only the need but the value of our  immigrant communities, to embrace not just the differences but the  diversity of our immigrant communities.   President Franklin Delano Roosevelt said: ``Remember, remember always  that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrants  and revolutionists.'' No one knows that better than the Commonwealth of  Massachusetts. We have always believed that no matter who you are or  where you come from, you can achieve the American dream. We recognize  that our economy and our security are stronger because of the immigrant  families who have enriched our Nation since its founding.   That is why this decision from the Trump administration cannot stand.  We will not let it. With Congress now back in session, Republicans  should prepare to have a historic debate--a debate about the fairness  that we should extend to all of these young people. There are going to  be voices, calls, marches, and protests all demanding protections for  these innocent Dreamers.   I pledge my support to the 800,000 Dreamers all across our country,  and I will not stop fighting for them. We will not stop fighting for  them. Millions of people are going to stand up. I believe that the  American dream for all of these young people is achievable, and it must  be here in the Senate that the realization of that dream begins.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   