 Mr. President, I want to pick up where my colleague from  Hawaii left off. There is a wonderful analogy that President Obama used  after the 2016 election. As you could imagine, Democrats were pretty  dejected the day after, and President Obama put it pretty simply. He  said: Listen, just remember, these elections are intramural scrimmages.  We put on temporary pinnies, Republicans and Democrats, but in the end,  we all belong to the same team. We are all Americans.   Elections and legislative fights are temporary skirmishes before we  recognize and realize our greater identity, which is that we have this  commonality. Clearly, that is not what the American people see here.  They think our primary identity is our partisan identity, and there is  a lot of days in which we give them fodder for that belief.   It really is amazing, when it comes down to it, that when you think  about the healthcare system, we do have the same goals in mind. There  are actually lots of other issues on which we don't have the same goal.  Republicans want to go left, and we want to go right. Republicans want  to go right, and we want to go left. On healthcare, we actually all  want to get to the same place: More people have access to health  insurance, the cost of that insurance is less than it is today, and the  quality of the care people get is better. It is funny because  underneath that, it is just mechanics. It is not actually ideology. It  is a decision as to which lever you press and which you don't.   I get that a lot of my Republican colleagues don't think we are  sincere when we say: If you put this monstrosity of a bill aside, we  will work with you to do something better. But it is sincere. We don't  want to blow up Medicaid. We are not with you on that. We don't want to  pass along big tax breaks, only going to the very wealthy. But we get  that you want some more flexibility for States. We get that you want  maybe an additional plan offered on the exchanges that doesn't have all  the bells and whistles the existing plans do. But you get that we want  stability in the exchanges. We want some certainty in the markets going  forward.   There is an important conversation to be had here. Our hope is that,  with this CBO score, maybe it will be the straw that breaks the camel's  back, that will cause our Republican colleagues to give up this  nonsensical approach to healthcare reform and work with us.   I am going to repeat some of the ground that has already been covered  here in the next few minutes, but I want to go over some of the  highlights of this CBO report.   Senator Schatz previewed this, but it is hard to get your head  wrapped around what it means for 22 million people to lose insurance.   This is an old chart from the CBO score on the House bill that held  that under their approach, 23 million people would lose insurance. I  X'd that out. We now have 22 million people who would lose insurance  under the Senate approach. That is the entire combined population of  Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Kansas, Maine, Montana, Nebraska,  Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Dakota, West Virginia, and  South Dakota. All that happened between the House Bill and the Senate  bill is that the people of Rhode Island got saved. I X'd out Rhode  Island because Rhode Island has about 1 million people. About 1 million  more people will have insurance under the Senate bill, but that is  humanitarian catastrophe. That is a big deal, to have that many people  lose insurance.   I know that is not what you set out to do. I know the Republicans  didn't set out to do this, in part because I listened to Senator Cornyn  come down and complain on the Senate floor relentlessly that the  Affordable Care Act still left a whole bunch of people without  insurance. In fact, he sent out a tweet today highlighting that the CBO  does confirm that if current law continues, there will still be a lot  of people without insurance. He left out the fact that the CBO says  that under the Republican bill, 22 million more people will lose  insurance, but that is a whole lot of people.   By the way, in the first year, CBO says 15 million people will lose  insurance. Fifteen million people is the entire population of 13  States. That happens next year. Emergency rooms in this country cannot  in 12 months absorb 15 million people losing insurance.   For all the folks who say that the ACA is in a death spiral, CBO says  you are wrong. Very flatly, CBO says that if existing law remains, even  without any improvements, the number of people without insurance  effectively remains static. Yes, at the end, if you make no  improvements, you will go from 26 million people not having insurance  to 28 million people not having insurance.  [[Page S3772]]    CBO says--I had to change this because it used to be 51 million under  the House bill. CBO now says 49 million people will lose insurance if  you actually pass the bill the Senate is going to consider this week.  The death spiral happens if we pass the Republican healthcare proposal.  That is not a death spiral; that is stability. It is not an optimal  result, 28 million people not having insurance, but it is far  preferable to 49 million people not having insurance. I understand that  Republicans will quibble with CBO and say that maybe they didn't get it  exactly right. Even if they were 50 percent wrong, that is still over  10 million people losing insurance. By the way, just for good measure,  CBO was right in their estimates of the percentage of Americans who  would have insurance under the Affordable Care Act. Inside of their  estimate--the details worked out differently--but they said that by  2016, 89 percent of Americans would have health insurance, up from 83  percent prior to the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Guess how many  people have health insurance today: 89 percent of Americans, 89 to 90  percent of Americans.    We all agree that premiums should go down. If we are going to pass  something, the result should be that premiums go down. Here is what CBO  says: Premiums go up and not by a little bit. They go up by 20 percent  in the first year. Admittedly, I am painting a partial picture here.  That is 2018. After that, CBO says for certain populations in this  country, premiums will go down, but it is largely for the young, the  healthy, and the wealthy.   CBO says that you will have massive premium increases for older  Americans. For lower income Americans who are in that age bracket of 50  to 64, premium increases will go up by at least two times, up to four  times.   CBO also says that if you are lower income, you are not going to buy  insurance because you can't afford it. It doesn't even matter what your  premiums are because they will be so high, you can't afford them.  Premiums go up for everybody off the bat--and for lots of vulnerable  people after that.   So who gets hurt? Everybody, except for the folks who are getting tax  cuts. If you are an insurance company, a drug company, or you are super  rich--maybe that is an unfair term--people making $200,000 or more a  year get tax cuts, but most of the tax cuts go to the super rich.  People making over $1 million a year will do fine. If you are an  insurance company, a drug company, or you are very wealthy, you get a  great deal out of this piece of legislation, but pretty much everybody  else gets very badly hurt.   Today, one of our Republican colleagues said this to a reporter--I  won't give you a name. One of our Republican Senate colleagues, when he  was asked about the Republican healthcare proposal, said: ``I am not  sure what it does. I just know it's better than ObamaCare.'' That is  about as perfect an encapsulation of the Republican positioning on this  bill as I can imagine, because if you did know what it did--if my  Republican colleagues did get deep into the CBO report, it doesn't  solve a single problem in the American healthcare system. There are big  problems, such as 26 million people still don't have insurance. This  bill makes it worse.   People are paying too much for insurance, especially those folks who  are making middle incomes who are just outside of qualifying for the  Medicaid subsidies. This bill makes it worse. Almost every problem is  made worse by this piece of legislation. I guess that is sort of what a  lot of Americans wonder--if our Republican colleagues do know what is  in this bill. ``I am not sure what it does. I just know that it's  better than ObamaCare.''   This solves one problem for Republicans. It is a political problem.  Republicans have said for the last 8 years that they are going to  repeal the Affordable Care Act. My Republican friends promised it in  every corner of this country, at every opportunity they had, and this  does solve that political problem. If you pass this bill, you can  successfully claim that you have repealed the Affordable Care Act, but  that is the only problem it solves. It makes almost every other problem  in this system worse.   The number of people without insurance goes up. Premiums, especially  for the poor, the vulnerable, go up. There is nothing in this bill that  addresses the cost of healthcare, of drugs, of devices, of procedures.  There is nothing in this bill that talks about the quality of  healthcare. Every problem--virtually every problem in the healthcare  system gets worse.   I will just end by reiterating the offer that Senator Schatz made. I  think you have a lot of people of very good will who want to work with  Republicans and are sincere about it. I will be part of whatever group  gets put together if this bill falls apart this week.   I held an emergency hearing in New Haven, CT, on Monday, just to try  to explain to people what was in the Republican Senate proposal and to  get people's feedback. It was hard to sit through. It was 2\1/2\ hours  of some really scared folks.   I will be honest with the Presiding Officer. Most of the people who  came had disabled kids. Most of the people who came had disabled kids  who were on or relied on Medicaid, and they were just scared to death  about what was going to happen to their children. But they also talked  about the problems that still exist in the healthcare system--the fact  that drugs are too expensive. Many of them pay too much for healthcare.  They wanted those problems solved, and they wanted us to work with  Republicans on it.   Senator Schatz was right. If we did it together, we would own it  together. It would stop being a political football. While that would be  a secondary benefit to the actual good that would come from a  bipartisan piece of legislation that actually addresses the issues in  the underlying healthcare system, it would be a pretty remarkable good  that is possible because we have the same goals in mind. We both want  the same things. It is just, in the end, putting aside this bill that  makes all of those problems worse and, instead, sitting down together  and deciding which levers we want to push to make things better.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Pennsylvania.   