 Madam President, on August 5, 2015, 3 million gallons  of acid mine drainage laden with heavy metals and other contaminants  were released into Cement Creek by an Environmental Protection Agency  contractor investigating contamination at the Gold King Mine in San  Juan County, CO.   Contaminated water flowed down Cement Creek, down the Animas River,  and into the San Juan River, resulting in water use restrictions and  emergency responses in Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, the Southern Ute  Reservation, and the Navajo Nation. We need only look at the photos of  the bright orange water streaming through these various drainages to  see how terrible this spill was for the affected communities and for  water users. The Gold King Mine spill placed a heavy burden on States,  tribes, local governments, and communities, and the spill hurt  businesses, farmers, and ranchers throughout the region.   Since the spill, I have visited impacted residents and communities  and worked closely with local, State, and tribal leaders to make sure  water is monitored for contaminants, and costs from the spill are  repaid.   Last year, I was proud to help pass a measure in Congress which will  ensure that State and local and tribal governments will be fully  reimbursed for their emergency response costs and which establishes a  long-term water quality monitoring program in cooperation with local  stakeholders.   However, on January 13 of this year, the EPA and Department of  Justice issued an outrageous decision that the EPA is not liable under  the Federal Tort Claims Act for damages to water users caused by this  Gold King Mine spill. This decision represents a broken promise from  the EPA that it would fully address this environmental disaster.   Now, while the agency has taken steps is to clean up the mine, no  farmer in New Mexico or on the Navajo Nation has received a dime of  compensation, and distrust of the government has understandably  deepened across the Four Corners region.   During his confirmation hearing before the Senate Committee on  Environment and Public Works last month, President Trump's nominee to  run the EPA, Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt, said that he would  review the Agency's decision not to make payments to claimants affected  by this spill.   If he is confirmed as EPA Administrator, Mr. Pruitt must take  immediate steps to restore trust among the people of Colorado, New  Mexico, Utah, the Southern Ute Tribe, and the Navajo Nation, who have  already waited far too long for the EPA to keep its promise and  compensate them for the harm that has been caused.   I will hold Mr. Pruitt accountable for cleaning up toxic, abandoned  hard-rock mines in the West, such as Gold King, and I will hold him  accountable for making sure the water that New Mexico communities and  farmers rely on is safe.   We shouldn't wait for more disasters to strike. New Mexico  communities deserve full and complete protection for their land, their  water, and their livelihoods.   Unfortunately, I have real reason to doubt Mr. Pruitt will take this  responsibility and core mission of the EPA seriously in his new role.  As the attorney general of Oklahoma, Mr. Pruitt has built a long track  record that is antithetical to the EPA's core mission to keep our  Nation's land, water, and air clean. Mr. Pruitt repeatedly fought  against the EPA as it implemented measures to safeguard our clean air  and clean water.   Rather than protecting the health of Oklahoma families, he has filed  lawsuits against the EPA to stop rules that would have reduced smog and  soot crossing State lines, protected against emissions of mercury,  arsenic, acid gases, and other toxic pollutants from power plants, and  improved air quality in national parks and wilderness areas.   Mr. Pruitt has shown little regard for the safety of our drinking  water, filing a lawsuit to stop the EPA's clean water rule, which would  protect the natural filtering system that supplies drinking water to  one out of every three Americans.   Mr. Pruitt sent a letter to the EPA opposing even preliminary  research into the impacts of hydraulic fracturing on our water  resources. Mr. Pruitt has been a friend to polluters, helping them to  use his office as a conduit for their special interests. He has sent  letters on official letterhead to the EPA, the Department of the  Interior, the Office of Management and Budget, and even to the  President of the United States, copied and pasted nearly verbatim from  language written by industry lobbyists.   Perhaps most damning of all, Mr. Pruitt has repeatedly denied the  scientific consensus on the human influence on climate change,  including in an op-ed recently published in May of last year. It takes  a willful disregard for data-driven science to ignore the increase in  extreme weather events that we are now seeing on a regular basis,  thanks to climate change.   Just last Saturday in Mangum, OK, an all-time record of 99 degrees  Fahrenheit was set on February 11. Imagine that; 99 degrees in the  heart of winter. Folks, I wish I were making this up, but no snowball  on the floor of the Senate can erase these facts.   It was Mr. Pruitt, the Attorney General of Oklahoma, who sued the EPA  to prevent measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions, the very cause  of climate change. Americans need a leader at the EPA who will take  action on climate change, and we need someone who is guided in their  decisions by the best available science.   I have heard from thousands of New Mexicans who have made a strong  case that Mr. Pruitt is not the right person for this job. I will not  vote to confirm Scott Pruitt. But I will say that if my colleagues move  forward with this nomination, they can be sure that we will hold Mr.  Pruitt accountable for decisions that hurt the health of New Mexico  families. That includes making sure Mr. Pruitt rights the wrongs  inflicted on communities in the Four Corners region by the Gold King  Mine spill. It is going to take many years to clean up the legacy of  100 years of hard rock mining and the impacts on our watersheds in  northwestern New Mexico and on the Navajo Nation.    In New Mexico, we have a saying: ``Water is life.'' The water we  drink and the air we breathe are not negotiable.   My constituents in New Mexico cannot afford to see the EPA stop  working to protect us from air pollution, to conserve our water  resources, and to work to reverse the damaging effects of climate  change.   Madam President, I reserve the remainder of my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Montana.   