 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to take  advantage of this historic opportunity that we have before us.   As I travel across my district, I hear from families that are  struggling to get ahead. I hear from families that can't make ends meet  most months. They don't have a whole lot left over. In fact, 63 percent  of American families don't have $500 to handle an emergency. I hear  from businesses that say they would love to be able to hire, expand, or  buy that new piece of equipment, but they just don't have the cash to  do it.   Our Tax Code is taking too many dollars from Pennsylvania and sending  it to Washington. It is sending good-paying, middle class jobs overseas  and it is holding our economy back, making it harder for so many to get  ahead.   This is our chance to change the status quo. We have an opportunity  to jump-start our economy and let more hardworking families keep what  they earn.   We rewrite the Tax Code for American job creators, taking away the  incentives to send jobs overseas and dollars offshore. Putting those  dollars to  [[Page H9350]]  work will put more Americans to work as businesses expand and invest  here at home--American tax cuts for American workers with American  jobs.   We give these small businesses a break--the mom-and-pop shops that  employ Pennsylvanians. We give entrepreneurs, who have so much  innovation and creativity, a wider cushion to take a risk. We are  putting more money in the pockets of hardworking families. We are  doubling the standard deduction, which means that 94 percent of  taxpayers won't need to itemize at all. Let me say that again: 94  percent of taxpayers won't even need to itemize at all.   By expanding the child tax credit and creating a new $300 credit for  parents and nondependent children, we put an additional $1,800 back in  the pockets of every family of four. That is money that they can use as  they see fit. We have streamlined the maze of education tax credits,  and included in my bipartisan bill are apprenticeship programs that can  now be made affordable.   The taxpayers I hear from say they want to pay less in taxes, not  more. If limiting some deductions and lowering your rates means your  tax bill is lower at the end of the year, that is a good deal for  taxpayers.   We owe it to the hardworking, taxpaying families we represent to  deliver that.   I urge my colleagues to support the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.   