 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman of the  subcommittee for shepherding this through the committee as well as  being a cosponsor. I appreciate that.   Mr. Speaker, in 2015, our Nation experienced the worst animal disease  outbreak in our history, as highly pathogenic avian influenza wreaked  havoc on turkey farmers and egg producers in the Midwest.   This naturally occurring outbreak revealed significant  vulnerabilities and coordination challenges between Federal, State, and  local stakeholders in responding quickly to prevent the spread of avian  influenza.   It also demonstrated the importance of having mitigation and response  strategies and processes in place to ensure any naturally occurring  outbreak or coordinated attack against our Nation's agricultural sector  can be prevented quickly and be contained.   Maintaining the integrity of our agricultural and food supply system  is imperative. The folks I talked to have great concerns about the  safety and security of our homeland and our people, and their concerns  are warranted.   The reality of living in this day and age is that it is just not the  big cities that have to be prepared for a terror attack. All  counterterrorism measures must reflect a universal understanding of  potential vulnerabilities, which includes our agriculture and rural  communities.   Farming and agriculture are not only the backbone of the Iowa  economy, but of the entire Nation. Any attack on our food supply could  have devastating consequences on our economy and our communities. It is  essential that we take the proper steps against potential threats.   Now, the reality is agroterrorism and other high-risk events pose  serious threats to our food, agriculture, and livestock industries  across the United States. For that reason, I introduced, in a  bipartisan fashion, the Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act together  with Congressman Dan Donovan and Congressman Donald Payne, Jr., the  chairman and ranking member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on  Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, to ensure our  Nation has a plan and strategy to prepare for and respond to any high- risk event threatening our agricultural sector, our food supply, and,  ultimately, our people.   The Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act requires the Secretary of  Homeland Security, through the Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs,  to lead the government's efforts to secure our Nation's food,  agriculture, and our veterinary systems against terrorism and high-risk  events.   This bipartisan bill also authorizes the Secretary to collaborate  with other agencies to ensure food, agriculture, and animal and human  health sectors receive the attention and are integrated into the DHS'  domestic preparedness policy initiatives.   I appreciate the support of Subcommittee Chairman Donovan--thank  you--and Ranking Member Payne as we work to better secure our  agriculture and food sectors. I thank you both for elevating the  importance of this issue.   I also want to thank the chairman and ranking members of the full  committee and all their staff for their assistance in bringing this  bill to the floor today in the House.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill.   