 Mr. President, I have had the unique privilege of  knowing Senator Strange in that I have the privilege of being the  chairman of the all-powerful--sometimes-powerful--Senate Agriculture  Committee.   I hope every Senator will read your comments, sir. I think, perhaps,  every Senator in their heart wishes, as you do, that we could get along  better. For better or for worse, I think we represent the Balkanization  in this country, but we come here with the hope that, yes, through  compromise, and, yes, that in working together, we can represent our  people in a much better fashion. Your remarks, I think, really hit the  nail on the head in terms of what we should be doing.   We do that on the Agriculture Committee. When Luther first came to  the Senate and asked to be on the Agriculture Committee, I knew right  then he was a special person and would be a special Senator. A lot of  people get sentenced to the Agriculture Committee. It is a pleasant  sentence, really, when you do that work. I have been privileged to be  the chairman in the House and in the Senate for quite a few years. We  will not get into that.   The Senator asked to be on the Ag Committee, and so, when we try to  put together a farm bill, it is our responsibility--both the  distinguished Ranking Member Stabenow and myself--to travel to various  States. We have sat on the wagon with the farmer, the rancher, the  grower, and said: What do you think? We listen to the farmer first,  knowing that if you are fair to the farmer--they are the backbone of  the Nation and underappreciated in our society today.   So I have been going to Kansas, Michigan, and Montana, and I said: I  haven't been down South, I am going to Alabama. I am going to go down  there with our newest Member who wants to be on the Ag Committee and  has already demonstrated his affection, not only for the committee but  his commitment to represent farmers and growers and ranchers in  Alabama. So we planned an event. We were going to listen to every  commodity group, every farm organization, and any farmer who wanted to  come in and talk to the chairman and the new member of the Ag  Committee.   This was a special day for me and, as sometimes happens, planes don't  fly. Planes fly to Atlanta, but they don't fly from there, which was  the case when we were going down the night before, before we had this  opportunity to visit with a lot of folks in Alabama. If you try to find  a rental car that time of night, it is difficult. So we finally found a  rental car after the third or fourth rental car opportunity, and then  we drove to Montgomery.   Now, if you drive from Atlanta to Montgomery--people don't usually  recommend doing that, but I will tell you, from about 1:30 in the  morning to about 4 a.m., it is an easy drive. Then you get to  Montgomery, and you get to that square they have there in Montgomery  where they have a statue of Hank Williams. So the first person to  welcome me in Montgomery, AL, was Hank Williams. Of course, being a  country and western aficionado--or at least fan--I thought that was  very special. So we went down and saw Hank. I saluted him.   Then we went off to the hotel. Of course, the hotel had given up our  hotel reservations. So that posed a little bit of a problem. They  finally made some accommodations for me, at least, but it didn't have a  bed. It was an office room. Then I finally figured out it was a wall  bed, and I pulled the wall bed down, but there were no sheets and  pillows. I just sort of slept in my wardrobe, so to speak. Then I said:  I can't sleep. It was getting to be 5:30, 6:30  [[Page S7905]]  a.m., and we were starting off about 7 in the morning.   I came down the elevator, and as happened, the elevator door opened  up. Across from me was Luther. He said: How did you sleep, Mr.  Chairman? I said: As well as could be expected. Finally, I told him  what happened.   After all of that, I had probably one of the best days in my service  in the Senate, visiting a State I had not visited before. I talked to  every commodity group, every farm organization representative. We went  out to many different farms. I learned firsthand that a big export  factor to China is peanuts. If we are going to be making friends with  China--or at least getting to a situation where we have a better  relationship with any country--as you know, agriculture can be a tool  for peace. It is a stabilizing factor. It becomes a national security  situation. We talked about this at length.   I must say I was very impressed with the folks I met there and the  respect they had for you, Luther, for wanting to be on the Ag  Committee, obviously, and for your record as attorney general and your  public service. To a person, they were committed to you and thanking  you for your service on the Agriculture Committee.   So wherever you go, whatever you do, I know you are an Aggie. I know  you will continue to fight for your farmers, and, as you know, we are  going through a pretty rough patch.   Personally, I want to thank you for your friendship, and, personally,  I want to thank you for the message you gave to all Senators here,  which I think should be mandatory in our quest to see if we can't  achieve a better situation in working together to find solutions. The  Senator from West Virginia and I feel the same way, and I know whatever  you are going to do, you will do so with dignity and with respect and  with strong leadership.   Thank you, my friend.   