 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan bill to  reauthorize the Newborn Hearing Screening and Intervention Program.   If this law were around when I was a newborn, we might have caught my  hearing loss at a younger age. I don't want kids to go through what I  have gone through. Representative Guthrie said it about his child. I  had vision problems, too.   We want to give these children an opportunity to succeed. That is why  we are here in this Congress. That is why it makes it worthwhile to  make a difference in a person's life. All they are asking for is an  opportunity to succeed. So now as a user of hearing aids myself, I was  proud to cosponsor the bipartisan bill, the House version introduced by  my colleagues, Mr. Guthrie and Ms. Matsui.   Studies have shown that important language development skills are  learned prior to a child's third birthday, as hearing and language are  closely linked. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, 33  children are born every day with hearing impairment, making it the most  common congenital condition in the United States. If left undiagnosed,  a child can risk developmental challenges and setbacks.   Since its inception in 1999, the Newborn Hearing Screening and  Intervention Program has improved the lives of numerous children. Over  its first 15 years, the percentage of newborn babies screened every  year increased from 40 percent in 2000 to approximately 96 percent of  infants in 2015.   The bill builds on this legacy of success, allowing for vital  screenings and monitoring to continue, while improving timely follow-up  for infants to receive the care they need--key to healthy development.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, all these children are asking for is an opportunity to  succeed.   I had difficulty hearing in the classroom. I don't know how I got  through, but I did. I had a hard time seeing the blackboard. I don't  know how I got through my math, but I did.   Again, this is why we are here: to make a difference.   