 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of the rule and  the underlying bill, H.R. 2874.   Homeowners deserve choice; they deserve competition; and, above all,  they need to know the true risk their homes face from floods, the most  costly of all natural disasters.   I believe the underlying bill allows the freedom to insure against  obvious danger that imperils people's homes and their wallets. I am  particularly enthusiastic about the inclusion of my bipartisan  legislation to facilitate the development of a robust private flood  insurance marketplace.   After months and even years of negotiations, we have produced  legislation that appropriately balances the need for affordable flood  insurance with our responsibility to act as faithful stewards of  taxpayer dollars.   Everyone knows that the National Flood Insurance Program is broken.  We should act accordingly. We need to fix it. But before we do that, we  must agree to proceed.   Less than a month ago, many of us voted to bail out this floundering  program, forgiving $16 billion of its debt. But we knew that it would  be irresponsible to merely kick the can down the road. This is the  opportunity to make things right.   I believe we need to proceed with the debate because we need to have  a reasonable and responsible conversation about fixing this problem  before it gets worse. Americans deserve better than a Big Government  insurance monopoly that is unable to pay for the risk it insures.   The 21st Century Flood Reform Act will usher in a new era of consumer  choice, competition, and affordability by empowering policyholders to  purchase the insurance products that best meet their needs.   We are getting rid of the top-down, single-payer approach to  insurance where we pretend there is no danger until there is a tragedy.   Giving consumers choice in a competitive marketplace will not only  drive down costs, but will also help reduce the unacceptable number of  homes that are not protected by flood insurance.   The NFIP can be an important tool for mitigating flood risks and  helping families recover from disasters after they strike, but it  cannot be the only tool. A Federal program that conceals actual risk  through artificially low rates is neither compassionate nor  responsible.   People deserve to know when they are in danger. When the Federal  Government provides them with information that suggests otherwise, we  do more harm than good.   We cannot expect to have educated, thoughtful consumers if we deprive  them of the market information that is needed to make the smart  decisions. By putting policyholders on a slow path to sound premium  rates, we are stepping towards a future where the threats of major  floods are confronted before they are realized.   I think we all agree that more needs to be done to mitigate flood  risks and incentivize investments in resiliency. We can take the first  steps by eliminating the false security that inoculates our society to  the dangers of flooding.   Let's remove the blindfold we have placed over the public's eyes.  Let's gradually walk back the subsidies that conceal a homeowners risk.  It is time for this Nation to confront this threat with clear eyes and  a vision for the future. This bill is the first step in the right  direction.   In closing, I want to thank Chairman Hensarling and Housing and  Insurance Subcommittee Chairman Duffy for their tenacity and commitment  to paving the way for a safer and more affordable system for managing  flood risks in this country. Flood insurance is one of those rare  issues that transcends political boundaries.   I once again urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the rule and also  on the underlying bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act,  which would give communities in the Tampa Bay area and all of our  constituents a National Flood Insurance Program that serves as a  lifeboat when disaster strikes.   Right now, the NFIP is more like an anchor tied around our neck,  dragging this country deeper and deeper into debt as the waters rise.   With a $1.4 billion annual deficit and debt that continues to grow,  this program desperately needs reform, and H.R. 2874 is our  opportunity.   We should all recognize that the NFIP is not a relief program. It is  an insurance program. It is supposed to insure against losses, which  entails far more than simply paying for damages.   Insurance is not about relief. It is about responsibly managing risk.  Insurance means mitigating risks before disaster strikes, making  investments in resiliency measures, telling people when the risk they  face is simply too great, and providing service that makes people  thankful for choosing your product.   No one knows this better than the professionals in the insurance  industry who work day in and day out to help Americans protect their  lives, their loved ones, and their belongings against all types of  threats--car crashes, earthquakes, and wildfires.   Regrettably, Federal policy has made it extremely difficult for  private insurers to write policies that cover flood risk. We have  created a virtual monopoly for the NFIP at the expense of policyholders  and taxpayers alike, yet we are still $30 billion in debt.   H.R. 2874, which includes my bipartisan Private Flood Insurance  Market Development Act, will allow the private sector to compete to  help homeowners manage thei exposure to floods.    Competition can lower costs, provide more affordable options for  consumers, and reduce the unacceptable number of uninsured homes by  helping people understand their risk.   As it stands now, the NFIP is the worst of all worlds: It is too big  to fail. It is also bound to fail.   With this legislation, we can make substantial progress in turning  around a program that has found itself on the GAO's high-risk list for  the last decade.   Under this bill, consumers will finally have an opportunity to select  among a menu of options a plan that would fit their needs. As a result,  they will be more likely to buy insurance than ever before.   That is not the case today with the NFIP. Our constituents are  severely limited. $250,000 maximum coverage on an NFIP policy. If you  own a business, you are not going to get business interruption  coverage.   What good is the insurance, then?   Thankfully, the private sector is capable of offering more robust  policies that also provide more incentives for property owners to  invest in mitigation and resiliency. Ultimately, this increased  emphasis on mitigation will benefit homeowners and taxpayers alike.   This legislation will help us end the absurd practice of paying to  rebuild a home that has been destroyed by flooding on more than three  occasions.   Further, it strengthens the NFIP by directing FEMA to spread the  NFIP's risk onto the global marketplace.  [[Page H9229]]    This bill also contains more funding for mitigation and recovery than  has ever been authorized by Congress. Over $1 billion will be made  available by this bill to help manage our constituents' exposure to  floods and improve the safety of a home after a catastrophe.   Mr. Speaker, let's support the freedom to insure against obvious  danger that imperils people's homes and their wallets. Let's support  informed decisionmaking.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Velazquez), the ranking member of  the Small Business Committee and a senior member of the Financial  Services Committee.   