 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I have watched as this body has recently  begun to really work in a bipartisan fashion on trying to stabilize the  insurance markets under the Affordable Care Act.   Under the leadership of Senator Murray, the ranking member of the  HELP Committee, and Senator Alexander, the chairman of the HELP  Committee, efforts have been going on, and a number of hearings have  been held on what needs to be done to stabilize and strengthen the  Affordable Care Act. This is coming about because of a crisis.   In January of this year, leading from December, we have had people-- like Standard & Poor's--talking about how stable these exchanges were.  Over the last months, we have seen many actions--threatening cost- sharing, not advertising the markets--many actions taken by the Trump  administration that have weakened the markets and put the markets in  crisis. But it is actually not the markets that are in crisis; it is  fellow Americans. People want the same thing. Whether Republican or  Democrat, from the West, East, North, South, or the heart of our  country, they want the same thing: They want quality, affordable care.   We have come a long way to where we are right now. Under the  Affordable Care Act, we have increased the number of Americans with  health insurance by over 20 million. We have been able to bend the cost  curve.   The Affordable Care Act has taken us out of days that no American-- very few--wants us to go back to, the days where people could be denied  coverage based on a preexisting condition.   The Affordable Care Act created an essential set of benefits, which  Americans from both sides of the aisle think is very important. These  essential benefits include such things as healthcare for women who are  having children. They include things like putting parity between mental  healthcare and what might be called physical healthcare.   There have been so many improvements because of the Affordable Care  Act, and I have heard about them from constituents all over my State,  as well as voices from around the United States of America, difficult  stories about people who had lifetime caps; people who, because their  child had an illness as a child--when that child became an adult, they  couldn't find insurance; people who were being denied insurance because  of a preexisting condition; people who were declaring bankruptcy in  this country, at rates significantly higher than we are seeing now,  because they could not afford their health insurance. In fact, personal  bankruptcy in our Nation has been cut by about 50 percent. These are  all gains we have achieved through the Affordable Care Act. There is  the expansion of healthcare to millions more and the security of  knowing that your health insurance won't be cut off because of a  preexisting condition, knowing that when you pay for health coverage,  it will carry essential benefits that every American should get. There  are these gains and many more.   What has happened after the failure of TrumpCare, after the failure  of Republican plans--what actually came out of that was something that  was encouraging to me as a Senator who has been here for 3-plus years:  seeing statespeople from our Senate--Lamar Alexander and Senator  Murray--come together and say: Hey, we have a crisis in our country.  Some of these markets are losing stability. We should work together,  put aside partisan differences, and try to find a pathway forward to  make sure that in some States millions of folks don't lose health  insurance.   We heard--at least I did--some of the best commentary in this body.  Perhaps most notable was a speech by John McCain, who stood up and  strongly talked about regular order, talked about us doing things in  the Senate in a way that brought us together, that invited in the  public, that had a wide range of people participating in the crafting  of policy--policy that affects nearly 20 percent of our economy, policy  that affects hundreds of millions of Americans, policy that is critical  to the success of our Nation.   I am grateful that Senators Murray and Alexander have been holding  bipartisan hearings to try to stabilize the marketplace. Through this  process, over the past month, we have had bipartisan Governors-- Governors from both parties--insurance commissioners, consumers--all  have had the opportunity to come in and begin to weigh in on different  proposals and their impact on the health insurance marketplace. This  shows we can work together to try to improve the Affordable Care Act-- not this idea that we throw it out, hurting not just a few people but  literally tens of millions of Americans. This is the way it should be  done.   Past proposals that have failed in this body were done the wrong  way--people crafting legislation behind closed doors in a noninclusive  manner, in a partisan manner, not holding hearings, not bringing in  experts. That is not the way this body was meant to work.   In fact, for those who criticized the Affordable Care Act, for the  Affordable Care Act, there were dozens of bipartisan hearings. Over 100  amendments from the Republican Party were included in the ultimate  legislation. It was a process that took months and months. The  President of the United States even met with Republican Senators and  Congresspeople to discuss and debate the legislation, and it was aired  on C-SPAN. This showed the best of who we are, that when we come  together as a body and go through a process, good legislation--not  perfect legislation but good legislation--can advance us toward our  principles. Those principles were principles that were discussed during  the last Presidential campaign by both candidates. Donald Trump  himself, our President, said time and time again: I want us to have a  health system in which everyone is covered, in which everyone has  affordable and quality healthcare.   These values aren't debatable, and I am disappointed, I am  frustrated, and I am angry that we are here again while a bipartisan  process is going on, and, as a great New Jerseyan, Yogi Berra, once  said, it is deja vu all over again.   Here we are now coming back this week, and we are hearing about  another Republican bill that has not gone through regular order, that  has not had hearings, that has not had a bipartisan process. Another  bill is coming to the floor. People are whipping up votes, and we might  have yet another dramatic moment in this body that millions of  Americans will watch, holding their breaths because their families-- their children, their senior citizen parents--are being held in the  balance on a decision this body will make--not going through regular  order, not bringing in experts--on legislation that hasn't even been  scored by the Congressional Budget Office.   The CBO hasn't scored this bill. We don't know what its total impact  would be on health coverage or on costs. We don't know exactly how many  people could lose their coverage, how much premiums could skyrocket for  the middle class, and just how much Medicaid would ultimately be  gutted.   This is the bill that is coming before us. This is the threat right  now to our Nation and to millions of people. But we do know enough  about this bill, and previous versions of the repeal plan that looked  very similar to this bill give us many hints--more than hints--give us  much evidence about what this bill would do and how this bill would  cause millions to lose their coverage and premiums to skyrocket. And  the millions who rely on Medicaid for everything from opioid addiction  treatment to maternity care would suffer.   Let me go through some things we know about this legislation which is  being threatened to be brought to the Senate floor and which now casts  a  [[Page S5815]]  shadow over the coverage earned and gained by millions of Americans.   This legislation would still take coverage away from millions of  Americans. We know this destructive version--this partisan repeal  plan--would take coverage away from millions of people. Experts have  already projected that after 10 years, this partisan repeal plan could  cause over 30 million Americans to lose their coverage--30 million  Americans cast back into a world where one illness, where one injury  could devastate their families, could send them into bankruptcy. That  one illness, that one injury could have the worst of results; could  cast us back to a time when so many Americans were using emergency room  doctors as their primary care physicians; could cast us back to a time  when many Americans were delaying seeing doctors because they couldn't  afford to, allowing preventable diseases or treatable diseases to get  worse and worse. Thirty million Americans losing their health insurance  means more Americans will die. That is not a dramatic, hyperbolic  statement; that is the truth. When health coverage rates go down,  American mortality rates go up.   What else do we know about this legislation? It still raises costs  like the other versions of TrumpCare. This version of this partisan  repeal plan will still force hard-working Americans to pay more for,  actually, worse care. It would abruptly end the critical assisted  subsidies that have allowed millions to afford care. It would end  support for people in the very marketplaces about which two other  bipartisan Senators, through the HELP Committee, are trying to discuss  how we are going to stabilize those markets to give people that very  access.    We know that as a result of this repeal plan, Americans will see  their deductibles increase by several thousand dollars. We could once  again--once again, with those increases--see bankruptcy rates increase  after dropping dramatically under the Affordable Care Act.   What else do we know about this legislation, this newest version of  TrumpCare? It still ends Federal protections, as the other plans did,  for people with preexisting conditions. TrumpCare's latest version  would still enable insurance companies to charge folks who are sick or  who have been ill or who have a preexisting condition for their care.  States could waive that restriction on discrimination against people  with preexisting conditions. This plan will still subject millions of  Americans with those preexisting conditions to price discrimination,  meaning Americans who may have had cancer, Americans who are pregnant,  Americans who have a child with autism could be forced to pay thousands  and thousands of dollars more just to get coverage.   What else does this newest piece of legislation do? It ends the  Medicaid expansion, and it establishes a per capita cap and reduction  of Medicaid. By ending Medicaid as we know it after over 50 years of  this program, by suddenly capping it and ultimately giving block grants  to States, we know it will affect dramatically the people whom this  program and these expansions have covered.   Who gets covered by Medicaid? Who will be affected? In America right  now, over half of all low-income families rely on Medicaid. Two out of  three of our seniors living in nursing homes rely on Medicaid. Half of  all the births in the United States of America--our children, our  future, our greatest natural resource--half are covered by Medicaid.   Here is our reality. We are gutting a program that benefits us all-- our seniors, our children, as well as the disabled. The cruel Medicaid  cuts proposed in this bill--the cuts and the caps in this version--will  still put those who have the most to lose in the most serious jeopardy:  those seniors in nursing homes, working families, communities of color,  women, Americans with disabilities, those folks who are already  struggling with illness, elder Americans, Americans living in rural  areas, Americans living in our cities. This is not who we are. These  are not our values. This kind of draconian action is unacceptable in a  nation this great.   What else does it do, this newest version of TrumpCare? What else  does it do? In this version, this bill--just like the ones before-- still erodes critical patient protections established by the Affordable  Care Act by allowing States to apply for a waiver to opt out of the  ACA's essential benefits requirement for things as basic as maternity  care, substance abuse services, prescription drugs, emergency services,  hospitalizations, and rehabilitation services.   This repeal plan could essentially give insurers the green light to  once again charge for junk insurance plans that don't actually cover  needed care. You may have health insurance, but it may be so limited  and so constricted that when you actually get sick, you find out it  does not cover your illness, your health challenge, your injury.   This newest version of TrumpCare, this newest version of a partisan  repeal plan, also still threatens women's health. Women comprise two- thirds of all adult enrollees in Medicaid. They would be essentially  hurt by the gutting of that program. This repeal plan, like previous  versions, would still cut off low-income women from accessing critical  preventive and healthcare services from Planned Parenthood, health  centers that provide essential preventive care and, often in many  counties, the only avenue to contraceptive services. It singles out  Planned Parenthood by not allowing them to be reimbursed for basic  health services, making it so much more difficult for women all around  our country to access important care.   What else does this most recent version of TrumpCare do, this  partisan bill that is not going through regular order? Just like the  other ones, it would still weaken the Federal prohibition on lifetime  limits, lifetime caps on the insurance that one can receive. That means  Americans with chronic diseases and conditions and children with unique  medical needs and challenges who still need continued lifesaving care  could be forced, once they hit that cap, to spend hundreds of thousands  of dollars on continued care, even though they are insured, thus  devastating families, sending them into bankruptcy, spiraling them into  financial catastrophe.   A couple of months back, one of my constituents tweeted me a photo of  her son's medical bill after a recent surgery. The bill was for $500,  but it showed that without the coverage she got because of the  Affordable Care Act, she would have owed over $230,000. That was just  for her child's heart surgery. Her son Ethan, who was born with a rare  genetic disorder, has had four of those surgeries.   Under this partisan plan, not only could essential health benefits,  like hospitalizations and prescription drugs, be denied Ethan, but  lifetime caps on coverage would disqualify Ethan from accessing the  care he needs.   As Ethan's mom put it, the lifetime cap is the equivalent of saying:  ``Sorry, you're not worth keeping alive anymore. You're just too  expensive.''   That is what this plan would allow insurance companies to do,  essentially saying to Americans: If you had a problem when you were a  child, if you had surgeries as a child, once you hit that cap, you are  not worth covering anymore.   We had a vote on the floor today. It was for national defense. It was  a major bill. There were strong statements and speeches on both sides  of the aisle. At the end of the day, the overwhelming majority of us  joined together to provide for our Nation's national defense; that is,  to provide for our Defense Department.   It is a common ideal in this body that this government, formed by our  forefathers and foremothers, the Constitution upon which we stand  proclaims that this government was formed for the common good, for the  common defense.   As we have seen in recent days, the idea of defense isn't just  protecting us against the threat of North Korea, isn't just protecting  us from the efforts of the Russians. It is not just protecting us from  terrorist organizations. We have seen that the national defense also  means the challenges of natural disaster.   It was profound for all of us to see the crisis faced from Texas to  Florida and how we--as a nation, hero after hero in communities large  and small--stood up during this time and were  [[Page S5816]]  there for fellow Americans, never asking their party, never asking or  questioning what different religion they might have. People from all  different ethnic backgrounds banded together because that is what  Americans do. When we are threatened, when we are attacked, when there  is a natural disaster or an enemy from afar, we stand up and take care  of each other. The very formation and foundation of our government is  based on the ideals that we are stronger together when we stand  together, when we fight together, when we invest in each other and  sacrifice for each other.   I am one who believes the defense of this Nation isn't just a  powerful military abroad and at home. The defense of our Nation also  means that for a vulnerable child, who has a terrible disease that we  can cure--we, our Nation, should take care of our own.   The defense of our country means that our elder citizens, two-thirds  of whom are in nursing homes and rely on the Medicaid Program--the  defense of our Nation, the preservation of our ideals is evidenced in  the care of the elderly, the dignity that we acknowledge and afford  them. That is the very definition of who we are as Americans.   I am one of those people who believes that the ideals of this Nation  are evident not just in the strength of our military but also in the  strength of our system of healthcare. It is a violation of our  principles and values as a nation when our healthcare system breaks  down--not to the ideals we see in our military where we protect all of  our country; we stand for everyone, rich or poor. But, suddenly, with  our healthcare system, with accessing lifesaving medicines and  procedures, critical preventive care, it suddenly boils down to those  who are very wealthy getting access, and people who are struggling in  minimum-wage jobs, fighting every day to raise their kids--somehow that  should not be covered in our ideals.   We are a nation that professes the most profound values--the oldest  constitutional democracy, which put forth ideals that we are not a  theocracy, a nation based upon privilege, based upon how you pray. We  are not a monarchy. We are the oldest constitutional democracy that put  ideals forward that became lights to other nations.   This ideal that we believe in liberty and justice for all--what  justice is there in a piece of legislation that would cast millions of  Americans, our poorest Americans, our sickest Americans, our elderly  Americans into a world where they no longer have the security of  healthcare? Is that justice in this country?   What is the concept of liberty in our Nation if some people are  shackled to fear and worry that if their child gets sick, they will not  have access to care? What is freedom if people are imprisoned by an  illness or disease that they cannot get adequately treated because they  do not have health coverage? Essential to the ideals of our country-- the ideals of life and liberty and happiness--is having a system of  healthcare that provides a stable foundation for life.   When half of the children born in this country are beneficiaries of a  Medicaid Program, why would we slash that program if doing so  undermines the very start of the lives of our children? That is against  our values as a country. We are a nation in which every generation has  expanded access, has expanded opportunity.   Over 50 years ago, when Medicare and Medicaid Programs were formed,  expanding access to healthcare for the elderly, expanding access to  healthcare for the sick, expanding access to healthcare for hard- working, low-income people, that was an advancement forward. When this  body passed the Affordable Care Act--and 20 million more Americans  gained access to healthcare, to lifesaving procedures, to the stability  that comes from having that security--we advanced this Nation more  toward its ideals.   This body should be coming together to take the imperfections of the  Affordable Care Act, to find where it has fallen short, and work  together to build upon that foundation so everyone in this Nation can  have justice and opportunity; that everyone, when it comes to the grip  of illness or disease, can find the freedom that comes with the  security and the ease of mind in knowing they can afford to go to a  doctor. That is a national aspiration. That is national defense. That  is who we are and what we stand for.   So now here we are again. The most frustrating moments of my time as  a U.S. Senator were to have seen legislation not in any way coming  through the processes set up by our forefathers and foremothers in this  place. How can we usurp the traditions of the Senate and rush to the  floor to vote on legislation that hasn't benefited from the wisdom and  the genius and the experience of medical professionals or experts? It  was just pushed to the floor. Even nonpartisan experts say it would rip  healthcare from millions and would raise costs for the elderly. How can  we as a body do this to ourselves?   We are in this situation again, where legislation is being proposed,  where votes are being counted, where people are discussing if can we  bring a bill to the floor, another version of those that have fallen  and been defeated. Can we bring this version forward? I say it is time  we stop. It is time we understand that in the same way we hammered out  a bill today and passed legislation--billions of dollars to protect our  country from threats of wrongdoing--that we make the same kind of  effort to work together, to talk, to hold hearings, to listen to each  other, to try to make sure we are defending each other, supporting each  other, and helping each other so that we are a generation, like our  forefathers and foremothers, expanding concepts of liberty and freedom  and access for more people.   Instead, here we are, with millions of Americans now turning their  attention back to the U.S. Senate--Americans with disabilities; parents  with children like Ethan who worry that should they need another  operation, if the rules change, if legislation changes, they will not  have that access; young people with parents in nursing homes, wondering  will Medicaid expansion survive yet another attempt to gut the program.  At a time when we need to be encouraging each other and strengthening  our commitments to one another, we face a time of jeopardy, a decision  point, a crossroads--not just in the pragmatic realities of healthcare  that will come forward but a crossroads of our values and a crossroads  of our ideals. Will we go forward as a nation together, expanding  opportunities, securing justice, defending each other, empowering each  other, or will we go back?   I end with saying this. What I have learned is, the decisions made  here are not always easy, and they are often dependent upon the  engagement of the Nation as a whole. I stand here, the beneficiary of  courageous Americans, who stood and fought for all of our values and  all of our ideals, fought to expand access and equality and  opportunity, fought to defend this Nation at home and abroad, and to  insist that every child have certain basic rights and opportunities.   This is yet another moral moment for our Nation. I believe every  child should have access to affordable, quality healthcare. I believe  every senior citizen growing old should have the security and the  dignity of healthy environments. I believe people should not be denied  the justice of healthcare because they have a preexisting condition.   I don't think these are radical beliefs in any way. I don't think it  was radical to stand up in the late 1800s and say women should have the  right to vote, that it was radical to think children should not have to  experience child labor. It wasn't radical to say that Black Americans  should have equal access to restaurants and hotels. These are not  radical ideas. The reason this body stood up, generation after  generation, securing privileges and expanding opportunities and opening  access--the reason this body did that was not just because of the  decisions of the people on this floor, it was because Americans stood  up and demanded these changes, demanded this progress, and fought for  every inch of ground.   That is the moment we are in right now, a call to the conscience of  our country. This is not a time to be silent. This is not a time to be  indifferent. This is not a time for apathy. This is a time for all of  us to make a decision about who we will be as a nation. Will we be a  nation that provides affordable, quality healthcare to all or will we  slide back into that basic right being only available to a smaller and  smaller group of people? That is the decision,  [[Page S5817]]  and the decision will be made, not just by the votes on this floor or  the decisions made by the 100 in this body, it must be made  collectively, through our engagement and through our activism and what  we demand from our representatives.   Here we are in this moral moment with this decision before our  country. My prayer and my hope is that all of us, with a collective  voice, with a chorus that resonates with that of our ancestors--that we  fight for the defense of our Nation, that we stand up and take  responsibility for ideals of equal justice, ideals of liberty and  freedom, ideals of life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness,  ideals that have made this Nation shine and have shown our greatness  and our character. That doesn't happen by accident or some  inevitability of history. It happens because we fight for it and work  for it.   If there is any moment in American history where we need that spirit,  that American grit, that toughness and that fight, it is this moment  right now.   Mr. President, thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gardner). The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   