 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am truly dismayed by what we have seen in  this Chamber over the last couple of months with respect to the Senate  TrumpCare bill.   We are expecting to take a vote tomorrow on the motion to proceed,  but at this point, our Republican colleagues have not shared with us  exactly what we are proceeding to. We do not know if our Republican  colleagues will attempt to replace the ACA with their flawed TrumpCare  bill or if they will just vote to repeal the ACA and immediately upend  health insurance markets across the country. Not one of these options  is acceptable, and I am skeptical that my colleagues will be able to  come up with a better solution in the next 24 hours.   For an issue of this magnitude, we should be holding hearings,  meetings, and discussions in the committees of jurisdiction, with  experts from around the country, much like we did when we worked to  pass the Affordable Care Act. In that way, we could have worked  together across the aisle to develop ideas that would improve the  system in place, not gut it.   There have long been misconceptions about how the Affordable Care Act  came to be. For over a year, we held hearings, meetings, and roundtable  discussions with Members from both parties and had a robust amendment  process in our committees, both in the Senate Finance Committee and in  the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. I served on the  HELP Committee at that time and went through numerous hearings, open  discussions, and numerous amendments, and I listened to my colleagues.  In fact, the HELP Committee's draft of the ACA included over 160  amendments that were offered by my Republican colleagues. It was truly  a bipartisan effort at the committee level to try to at least discuss  the critical issues that both sides had identified.   This stands in stark contrast to the bill our colleagues have written  in secret this year. Even some Republican Senators were kept in the  dark, excluded from the process. There were no opportunities for  experts, doctors, patients, and others to weigh in and offer comments.  As a result, they have written a bill that is bad for patients, bad  [[Page S4133]]  for healthcare providers, bad for States, and bad for the system as a  whole.   My colleagues even rejected the chance to hear from States in public  hearings about their healthcare systems in terms of what has worked  well and what has not. There are examples of States that have done some  very innovative things and some examples of States that have had  difficulties. We always say that the States are the great incubators  for new ideas. Yet the process that was adopted did not incorporate the  views in both of the cases--those in which States have done remarkably  well and, frankly, when they could have done much better.   We should look to the States to see how we can improve our healthcare  system and let them be partners with us in this process. That is what  we did in the consideration of the Affordable Care Act. In fact, some  States had already worked to expand access to care before the ACA, most  notably Massachusetts, with RomneyCare, and we looked carefully at  those examples and tried to incorporate those successful ideas in a  national model.   By contrast, across the country, Governors and Senators and State  legislators--both Democrats and Republicans--are largely opposed to the  Senate Republicans' TrumpCare bill because they know it would be a bad  idea for their States. State and local officials have crossed party  lines and joined together to get the word out about how bad this bill  would be for Americans in all States and from all walks of life. My  Republican colleagues must heed their advice and abandon this harmful  approach.   It is no secret as to why my Republican colleagues have struggled to  come up with the votes within their caucus for their repeal efforts.  Their proposals are bad for my State of Rhode Island and bad for the  country as a whole. In fact, many States with Republican legislatures  and Republican Governors have done very well in incorporating the ACA  and understand the impact this will have almost immediately on their  healthcare systems.   While we do not know exactly what we will be voting on tomorrow, we  have some guesses based on some of what Republicans have publicly  shared over the last couple of weeks, and each proposal seems to be  worse than the next.   First, my colleagues tried to vote on their TrumpCare bill, which  would have provided massive tax giveaways to the very wealthiest  Americans at the expense of hard-working Americans across the country.  This bill would have decimated Medicaid, cutting State budgets and  eliminating access to care for seniors, children, and people with  disabilities. Fifty percent of the funds in my State go to seniors, and  it is roughly equivalent across the country. Typically, it is through  Medicaid for seniors who are in nursing homes. If they were to lose  that funding, the States could not make it up.   I think every State in this country is struggling with its own fiscal  issues--education, transportation and infrastructure--a host of issues.  When this money is pulled out, they will not be able to replace it.  They will make difficult decisions about cutting back eligibility so  that, ironically, middle-class seniors will be the first to feel the  brunt of these cuts. That is exactly one of the areas in which we are  trying to improve our system, not only of healthcare but of government.  Even after doing that, I think they will still come up short, and that  is when they will go into the education funding formulas. There are  many States across the country now that are already in crisis, and this  will just add to the crisis.   None of these fixes, I don't think, will overcome the damage that  would be inflicted by the bill. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office confirmed that last week when it released an updated score of  the bill to reflect some of the changes that had been made. The CBO  said that under this revised bill--the latest one that has been  evaluated--22 million Americans would lose coverage, just like in the  previous version of the bill. It said that 22 million Americans--a  significant number of our neighbors--would lose their coverage. Many of  them are working families, and many of them have children with special  needs, and they need this coverage. They would be thrown out.   I was at a Lowe's store in Rhode Island when a young man came up to  me--probably in his mid-thirties--and said: Please, Senator, you have  to stop this bill. I have a son who has a serious problem.   I believe he told me it was MS.   He said: If, eventually, they remove the lifetime limits on  healthcare insurance, as they are talking about, I will be done. I have  employer healthcare insurance. I have a good job, and I have benefits,  but if they put those lifetime limits back again, I will be bankrupt.  My son will not have the care, or he will only get the care through  some type of--something--some extraordinary method.   That is the reality. These are our neighbors.   Similarly, the CBO said that out-of-pocket costs would increase  across the board and that care would be prohibitively expensive for the  sickest and poorest amongst us. That is one of the great ironies here-- that the sickest would be paying more and more and more.   The CBO was not misled by these so-called fixes that have come into  the bill. In fact, we know that the reality would be even worse, I  believe, than the CBO has predicted because it has not taken into  account a provision that was added too late to be scored--a provision  that would bifurcate insurance markets and separate the sick from the  healthy, which would lead to a death spiral in the market that would  all but certainly collapse the market. They are plans that are not  really insurance. They are kind of--I don't know what they are. In  fact, the CBO could not even call them insurance. But that would  qualify as a plan. The healthiest, youngest people would buy it because  it would be cheap, and they would have some kind of sense of  protection, driving the sickest and older people into other plans,  which would increase their costs and, in fact, create this bifurcated  system in which either young, healthy people would not have insurance  or they would have this insurance, which would not be insurance when  they need it. Then you would have more and more people with chronic  conditions and illnesses and just the accumulated health issues of age  flocking to what is left and bringing down that system. It would be a  death spiral.   If that were not bad enough, some of my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle decided that the backup plan would be to vote on a bill to  repeal the ACA in its entirety on a 2-year delay. They claim that it  will give them an opportunity to work out a replacement plan. This is  not sound policy. First, they have had more than 7 years to come up  with a replacement but have not had any success. At this moment, there  is this ad hoc ``What do we put in? What do we take out?'' The 7 years  of supposed study and analysis has produced, apparently, nothing, and  they have spent all of this year behind closed doors, coming up with  something they think will work, but they have come up with the same  results--the same CBO scores, basically. The real end game is not to  repeal and replace; it just seems to be to repeal.   My other concern is that even if this repeal is delayed by 2 years,  markets will not wait 2 years to react and insurance companies will not  wait 2 years to react. They have to provide for decades in terms of  actuarial values, in terms of their shareholders. Hospitals will not  wait 2 years. They will see this coming to an end. They will start  scaling back their programs, their outreach, all of the things they do,  and the effects will be imminent. This effort would leave 17 million  more Americans uninsured next year and 32 million more Americans  uninsured over the next decade. That is the repeal-and-wait approach.  And once again the CBO said this bill will lead to skyrocketing  healthcare costs, for the reasons that I suggest: markets will not  wait. Markets will move very quickly once they know this is gone. And  since in the last 7 years we couldn't get a replacement, the idea that  we are getting it in 2 more years is something they won't believe, and  it will be immediate and devastating--again, another death spiral for  the marketplace. But here we are on the precipice of voting on whether  to upend our entire healthcare system so that, in some respects, this  President can claim a victory over former President  [[Page S4134]]  Obama--not because it is sound healthcare policy but just because of  that very complicated relationship. And it is not the right thing to  do.   It is long past time for us to leave the campaign rhetoric behind, to  get together in a bipartisan fashion, and to work out ways to improve  our healthcare system. That is what we attempted to do with the ACA. We  sat in meeting after meeting, hearing after hearing--the longest  markup, I believe, in the HELP Committee--accepting and voting on  Republican amendments and Democratic amendments. That is how we get  things done--I hope that is how we get things done.   Healthcare makes up one-sixth of our economy. And when you walk into  an ER or a doctor's office, they don't ask you whether you are a  Republican or a Democrat, but whether you have insurance. That is the  only question they ask: How are you paying for this? If you don't have  insurance, then you are in an awfully difficult position, and we know  that.   Everybody is going to use the healthcare system in their life. This  is not an optional thing. This is not something that is designed for a  special group of people. We all will use the healthcare system. And if  you can't access it because you have no money or no insurance, maybe  you will find a way through the emergency room or some other way, but  it won't be the best healthcare and it won't be the most efficient and  economical for our country.   In fact, one of the ironies of our healthcare system before the ACA  is that we could have large portions of our population with no health  insurance, not getting treatment for illnesses that could have been  readily fixed while they were in their forties and fifties, and then  suddenly at 65, with Medicare, which we all support, they can get  treatment they need.   I had an ophthalmologist in my office one day, and they kind of  looked around and commented: Well, you are right, because I see people  right now coming into Medicare--65, 66 years old--because they had  early onset diabetes, which could have been treated by a modest drug  regime in their forties and fifties. They are now so sick that they  have to have expensive surgery.   That is not effective for the country. With the Affordable Care Act,  we were putting our whole Nation, we hoped--from young people,  children, all the way through--on a path to good healthcare, so that by  the time they get to Medicare, those issues would not be so important.   So I would urge my colleagues to abandon this effort, to begin  tomorrow not with a vote on their proposal, but sitting down with both  sides, doing the same process that we did. Again, one of the tests of  life is, do you allow your colleagues and friends to do what you did,  or do you insist they do something else? We are just asking them to do  the same thing we did with the Affordable Care Act over many months of  hearings and debate, and then at the end there was a vote.   We are going to see this for the first time tomorrow--the details. We  still don't know what is going to be in it. There will be a vote, but  it won't be an informed vote. It won't be a result of careful  deliberation. It won't be a result of a bipartisan effort. It won't be  a result of all the equity holders, including doctors, patients, public  health officials, and governors, coming together and saying: We can do  this better. That, to me, is a shame.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   