 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to mark a momentous day.  Starting this evening, millions around the world will celebrate Yom  Yerushalayim, also known as Jerusalem Day. I am proud to join our close  ally, Israel, and the Jewish people in celebrating this historic 50th  anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem.   Half a century ago, overcoming Arab armies intent on Israel's  destruction, the Israel defense forces liberated the Old City of  Jerusalem during the Six-Day War. They courageously and miraculously  fought their way to the Temple Mount and the Western Wall, the holiest  sites in Judaism. The commander of the paratroopers, Mordechai Gur,  unable to contain his emotion, exclaimed through his wireless radio:  ``The Temple Mount is in our hands!'' The army rabbi blew the shofar,  and the eternal capital of Israel was reunited.   This war was not the first time that Israel was threatened with  annihilation. After the Jewish people established the modern State of  Israel in their ancient homeland just 19 years earlier, neighboring  Arab States responded to Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion's  declaration of independence with an invasion. The Arab armies failed to  destroy the newly established Jewish State, but Jerusalem, the ancient  and Holy City central to the identity of the Jewish people, was left  divided and occupied by Jordan.   Residents of the Old City were murdered or expelled. Jews were  prohibited from visiting and praying at the Temple Mount and Western  Wall. Their synagogues were destroyed, and their cemeteries, such as  the Mount of Olives, were desecrated. Access for Christians to their  holy sites was also severely restricted.   Leading up to June of 1967, Arab leaders repeatedly and openly  expressed their desire to wipe Israel off the map. Syria was engaging  in attacks on Israel from the Golan Heights and soon started to  mobilize its forces for battle. Egypt began moving troops into the  Sinai Peninsula in a massive military buildup, demanded and achieved  the withdrawal of the U.N. Emergency Force that had been stationed in  the Sinai, and then closed the Straits of Tehran, imposing an illegal  blockade on Israel and cutting off a vital shipping lane for the Jewish  State. Jordan then signed a mutual defense agreement with Egypt.   Outnumbered and outgunned and against all odds in the face of  external pressure not to act first to ensure its survival, the Jewish  State launched a successful, preemptive strike against its hostile  neighbors and prevailed in a defensive war. When it was over, Jerusalem  was liberated, reuniting the city and Judaism's holiest sites with the  Jewish people and putting an end to almost two decades of exclusion  from the Old City.   Since coming under its sovereignty, Israel, the one true democracy in  the Middle East that shares our values of freedom, has protected people  of all faiths in Jerusalem and ensured their access to holy sites so  that they might worship freely. They have protected the rights of Jews,  of Christians, and of Muslims. This has occurred even while religious  minorities are being targeted, persecuted, and attacked throughout the  Middle East and religious and historical sites are being demolished  today by radical Islamic terrorists.   Today is a day where we must also reassert historical truth: The  historical connection between the Jewish people and Jerusalem and the  land of Israel did not begin in 1967. These profound ties to Jerusalem  have existed for thousands of years. They can be traced back and have  been reaffirmed through numerous archeological excavations such as  those in the city of David.   In the past several years, I have traveled to Israel three times.  There is something that stirs inside each time I am there. It is  remarkable to observe the great successes and achievements of this  small and yet mighty country that is one of America's strongest allies  in the world.   It is long past time that America do something it should have done  two decades ago: Move the American Embassy to Jerusalem and formally  recognize Jerusalem as Israel's eternal and undivided capital. In every  nation on Earth our Embassy is in its capital city except for Israel.  There is no reason Israel should be treated any worse when they are  such a reliable and unshakeable ally.   We should honor the promise that Democratic Presidents and Republican  Presidents have made for decades and move our Embassy to Jerusalem. So  I stand today to express my solidarity with Israel and with the Jewish  people during this major celebration. Now, more than ever, America  stands strong with our unshakeable friend and ally, the nation of  Israel.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   