 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I am proud to rise in support of this amendment to  restore funding to the Environmental Justice program within the EPA.  This program enables the agency to better assist frontline communities  that are disproportionately impacted by pollution.   Low-income and minority communities face disproportionate levels of  hazardous pollution and environmental contaminants due to where their  members live and where they work.   The harms are real. For instance, higher levels of air pollution  result in members of minority groups having higher death rates and  higher numbers of emergency room visits and hospital stays.   As the cofounder and co-chair of the United for Climate and  Environmental Justice Task Force, it is my mission to combat these  environmental injustices and ensure frontline communities no longer  bear the unequal burden of environmental, economic, and health harms.   That is why, Mr. Chairman, this amendment is so important.   The Environmental Justice program leverages Federal funds to greatly  improve health and quality of life in our most vulnerable communities.  Since the establishment of the program, communities have been better  able to revitalize neighborhoods, build health centers, expand  affordable housing, and create new green spaces and recreational areas.   I urge my colleagues to show low-income and minority communities that  we care about their health, housing, and overall well-being by  supporting the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple. It would prevent the Department  of the Interior from preparing a new 5-year offshore oil and gas  leasing program that schedules leases before the year 2022.   Mr. Chairman, offshore drilling carries real consequences, from the  industrialization of our coasts to the inescapable risk of another BP  Deepwater Horizon-like disaster. Those risks can not be eliminated.   As Deepwater Horizon made clear, accidents can inflict damage of an  almost unimaginable scale. BP has spent billions of dollars responding  to that disaster.   That figure reflects liabilities that arose from massive and  irreparable damage to our environment, permanent harm to economically  essential industries, and countless other impacts on the Gulf Coast  residents' quality of life. We have to make sure that other regions are  never exposed to those kind of harms. That is why my amendment is  important.   In the event of a drilling accident, thriving coastal economies could  be decimated. Industries that rely upon a healthy marine environment-- everything from the tourist trade to our fisheries--could disappear  overnight.   If a spill were big enough--and we have seen that they can be  enormous--the economic consequences would ripple throughout the  national economy, hurting millions of Americans who live many miles  from the sea. Again, we cannot afford such economic risks.   It is equally foolish to risk the natural beauty, fragile habitats,  and irreplaceable species for the benefit of a few massive oil and gas  companies.   Our coasts are home to some of our most iconic and unique wildlife.  Healthy oceans are critical to traditional ways of life, having  provided subsistence resources for many generations.   Those places, those species, those customs are part of why we live in  the greatest country on Earth. No other place could match the richness  and diversity of the United States of America. We must not endanger the  incredible heritage in a quest for dirty energy, especially the kind of  fuels that can drive catastrophic changes to our climate, with grave  and permanent consequences for our society.   It is important to note that prohibiting the preparation of a new  leasing program does not stop any of the currently scheduled lease  sales until 2022 from happening. My amendment just puts us back on the  regular schedule for writing the next plan.   Prohibiting the preparation of a new leasing program, however, does  ensure that millions of taxpayer dollars are not spent reworking a plan  that was just completed this year.   Restarting a new 5-year leasing process would throw away 2\1/2\ years  and tens of millions of dollars of effort, ignore overwhelming  bipartisan opposition from millions of people up and down our coasts,  and eliminate the protections that President Obama provided for the  fragile Arctic.   Mr. Chairman, the risk of a new 5-year offshore oil and gas leasing  program are simply too high and the consequences are too severe.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, what is the balance of my time?    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, just briefly, of course, I was not here  at the time, but it was my understanding that this is nothing unlike  what the other side of the aisle did during the Obama administration.  So what this amendment seeks to do, in many cases, is not that unusual.   And while the gentleman is correct, the size of the payments that BP  had to make were because of a certain type of conduct: What we want to  do is just freeze things where they are.   While I acknowledge that there is a possibility that somehow someone  wanted to slow down the process, I don't believe that this  administration would do just that.   Again, millions of dollars have been spent. Much time has been spent  in developing this plan. I think we just need to leave it in place.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   