 Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of my amendment  No. 1144. This legislation is designed to do two things. It is  important for us to consider this. First, it would protect Medicaid for  our Nation's most vulnerable citizens, namely, low-income children,  pregnant women, the elderly, and those with disabilities. Those are  important vulnerable citizens, as far as I am concerned. In addition,  it would strengthen Medicare in order to help protect health benefits  for current and future beneficiaries. Make no mistake. Our Nation faces  a growing entitlement crisis, and Medicare and Medicaid are at the  heart of it.   Under ObamaCare, Medicaid enrollment has increased by about 28  percent due to the expansion of the program in 32 States.   Between 2014 and 2015 alone, expansion States received about $79  billion in Federal funds. The problem is that even before ObamaCare,  Medicaid was plagued by quality issues, and States' hands were tied  whenever they tried to advance innovative solutions to improve patient  care.   Of course, even before ObamaCare, Medicaid spending on both the  Federal and State levels was growing at an astronomical rate. Contrary  to popular myth, ObamaCare did not fix this. It made things worse.   As chairman of the committee with jurisdiction over Medicaid, I have  been working with a number of my Republican colleagues as well as State  officials, stakeholders, and the American public to find solutions that  will improve the quality and ensure the longevity of the Medicaid  Program. That work will continue into the future.   Medicare is a separate problem entirely. Everyone knows that when it  comes to Medicare, we are on a collision course with fiscal economic  catastrophe facing us.   Over the long term, Medicaid faces more than $33 trillion--that is  with a ``t''--in unfunded liabilities according to the independent  actuaries at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.   In the nearer term, the Medicare trustees project that Medicare Part  A, which deals with inpatient hospital payments, will be officially  bankrupt in 2029, resulting in steep benefit cuts for seniors relying  on the program.   Even a number of prominent Democrats who recently served as Medicare  trustees have recommended swift legislative action to ``minimize the  impact on beneficiaries, providers, and taxpayers.''   To put it simply, we need to address the fiscal challenges facing  these programs if we are going to preserve them for future generations.   Despite the claims of a number of my Democratic colleagues on the  other side of the aisle, we can't even make a dent in these problems by  focusing solely on the tax side of the equation.   I know many like to claim that every wrong would be righted and every  problem would be solved if we simply raised taxes on rich people.  Anyone who has spent more than 5 minutes looking at the fiscal  condition of our Federal health programs will tell you that is  preposterous. The money just simply isn't there. The Republican budget  acknowledges this reality.   My colleagues have argued that the budget would cut Medicare  spending, but that isn't true. In fact, under the budget, Medicare  spending would increase every year, though at a slightly slower rate,  in order to introduce some level of fiscal sanity into the process.   All told, the budget would slow Medicare's rate of growth by about 1  percent compared to the CBO baseline.   Furthermore, the budget resolution does not propose any specific  programmatic changes to either Medicare or Medicaid, even though my  friends on the other side of the aisle like to argue otherwise.   Let me be clear on another point. Despite a number of claims to the  contrary, the budget resolution does not rely on savings from Medicaid  in order to provide tax relief.   My colleagues, the ranking member of the Budget Committee and the  senior Senator from Florida, have proposed amendments to dramatically  increase taxes to the tune of about $1 trillion for Medicaid and half a  trillion dollars for Medicare over the next decade in order to double  and triple down on this particular set of problems, the failed policies  that have made these programs unsustainable in the first place.   These are not serious proposals. They are poison pills designed only  to give the other side a round of partisan talking points that are  really ridiculous.   A vote for my amendment is a vote for a stronger, more fiscally sound  [[Page S6522]]  safety net that preserves Medicaid for our most vulnerable citizens,  keeps our promises to Medicare's current beneficiaries, and strengthens  the program for those who will need it in the future.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of my amendment. It is a  good amendment. It is the right thing to do. It makes us better  prepared for the future. It seems to me that every one of us would be  proud to vote for it and to solve these problems that the amendment  will solve.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I yield back our time.   