 Mr. President, I come today to talk about the nomination  of Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. Once again,  throughout the hearings last week, Judge Gorsuch proved that he has the  knowledge, he has the temperament, and he has the experience to serve  on our Nation's highest Court. He laid out a clear judicial philosophy  that adheres to what I think most Americans want to see happen today on  the Court and what clearly the Framers of the Constitution thought  would happen.   In his own words, Judge Gorsuch said: ``I have one client, it's the  law.'' That is the way the Founders saw the Supreme Court. They didn't  see it as a legislative body. All good judges had to do was to read the  law. They didn't have to be happy with the law. They didn't have to  approve the law. They didn't have to determine that the law and the  Constitution met their exact standard. They just had to determine what  the law and the Constitution said. In fact, the first Supreme Court had  six judges. There was no thought that it was a legislative body that  had to have a tie-breaking judge so you could legislate.   They thought six judges were plenty. By the way, they thought they  needed six circuits. Each of those judges rode a circuit. So even when  there was an appeal to the Supreme Court, one of the judges had already  heard the case at the lower level. That judge heard the case again and  then listened to see if that judge heard anything new, something that  might change their mind. The other five of them were sitting there with  the appeal of one of their colleagues, and nobody saw that as a problem  because the Court wasn't about legislating.   The Court was about determining what the law should say. Again, Judge  Gorsuch said: ``I have one client, it's the law.'' It is not the little  guy. It is not the big guy. It is not the medium-size guy: It is the  law. He was asked over and over: Are you going to find for the little  guy or the big guy? Well, that is not the judge's job. The judge's job  is to read the law so both the little guy and the big guy know when  they are in court that this is a country where the rule of law matters.  They know, when they enter into a contract, that if you and your lawyer  have read the law right, there shouldn't, at the end of the day, be  very much gray space about what that contract said.   Throughout his career, Judge Gorsuch has demonstrated his commitment  to interpret the Constitution as it is written, applying the rule of  law and not legislating from the bench. ``Judges are not politicians in  robes.'' I think that may be another Gorsuch comment: ``Judges are not  politicians in robes.'' If he didn't say it, his career as a judge  shows that he believes it. Unfortunately, some of my colleagues have  shown that their deference to the Constitution is not the same when it  [[Page S2023]]  comes to the Senate's role to advise and consent.    I am particularly dismayed by the Democratic leader's intention to  filibuster Judge Gorsuch's nomination. Republicans have never  filibustered a Democratic nominee, yet colleagues across the aisle  appear willing to do just that. Such a maneuver would only be an  affront to our national norms.   I don't know in the history of the country--I think there was one  filibuster led by Democrats against a nomination by a Democrat  President when Lyndon Johnson nominated Abe Fortas to move from  Associate Justice to the Chief Justice's role. It didn't happen in 1968  because it was a Presidential year and Justices don't get confirmed in  the Supreme Court in a Presidential year in vacancies that hadn't even  occurred yet. No. 2, it was led by Democrats in a Senate that had an  overwhelming Democratic majority. There has never been a partisan  filibuster effort involving any Justice on the Supreme Court until  right now--until right now--and I am disappointed that that is what the  Democratic leader of the Senate says he wants to do.   According to Robert David Johnson, a Brooklyn College history  professor, ``The chances of success'' of a partisan filibuster ``are  basically zero.'' So my thought would be: Why pursue it?   Kim Strassel recently wrote in the Wall Street Journal: ``Never in  U.S. history have we had a successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme  Court nominee.''   In the last half century, only three Supreme Court Justices have even  faced a filibuster. The most recent, Justice Alito, was ultimately  confirmed when 19 Democrats refused to back the filibuster of his  nomination. He had the full vote, and he got a majority vote.   One would think that if Senate Democrats are willing to upend Senate  tradition to block this nomination, they would have an unassailable  reason to block it. They would be saying this judge is not qualified.  This judge hasn't served his time. We don't know what he would do as a  judge. He has been on the circuit court of appeals for a decade, and  when looking at case after case, appeal after appeal, we see his  unbelievably fine record as a judge.   In announcing his intention to mount this filibuster, the leader of  the Democrats in the Senate said that Judge Gorsuch ``was unable to  sufficiently convince me that he'd be an independent check'' on the  executive branch. The American Bar Association unanimously gave Judge  Gorsuch's nomination their highest rating. They disagree. As they  explained, ``based on writings, interviews, and analyses we scrutinized  to reach our rating, we discerned that Judge Gorsuch believes strongly  in the independence of the judicial branch of government, and we  predict that he will be a strong but respectful voice in protecting  it.''   This is from the American Bar Association, which many of my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle have said over and over again is  the ultimate test of qualification for the Court.   When I met with the judge last month, he left no doubt in my mind  that he would uphold the judiciary's unique constitutional role in our  system of checks and balances.   Let me go back to the other quote here for a minute. What was it that  the Senator from New York said? ``Judge Gorsuch was unable to  sufficiently convince me that he'd be an independent check'' on the  executive branch. I am not even sure I know where in the Constitution  that is the job of the judge. The job of the judge is to read the law  and look at the Constitution. The job of the Congress is to pass the  law. The job of the President is to sign the law. Unless there is some  constitutional problem with that law, it is not the judge's job to  decide whether the law is right or not, unless there is a  constitutional reason to do that.   Last week, I mentioned Judge Gorsuch's qualifications for the bench,  but I think they bear repeating as we enter the next few days. As a  graduate of Columbia University, a graduate of Harvard Law and Oxford  University, his academic credentials are at the highest level. Judge  Gorsuch has served his country admirably as a Supreme Court clerk,  first for a Democrat on the Court, Byron White, who had been appointed  by President Kennedy, and for a Republican appointee, Anthony Kennedy,  appointed by President Reagan. He has been the principal Deputy  Associate Attorney General of the United States at the Department of  Justice, and in 2006, George W. Bush nominated him to serve on the  Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. The Senate unanimously confirmed his  position at that time. Every single Democrat--12 of them now serving in  the Senate who were in office, supported his nomination in 2006. In the  decade that he served on the Tenth Circuit Court, he has shown  independence, integrity, and he has shown a mainstream judicial  philosophy. He has demonstrated a legal capacity that makes him a  worthy successor to Justice Scalia on the Court. There is no precedent  for requiring a 60-vote threshold to confirm a Supreme Court Justice,  and Judge Gorsuch has given this body no reason to demand one now.   I look forward to supporting his nomination. It will reach the Senate  floor, I believe, after the Judiciary Committee deals with it early  next week. I hope by the time we leave here a week from Friday that  Judge Gorsuch is on his way to join the Supreme Court as an Associate  Justice. By the way, if he does that, he will be the first Associate  Justice ever to serve on the Court with a Justice for whom he clerked  two decades or more ago. When he and Justice Kennedy get a chance to  serve together--I look forward to seeing that happen.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   