 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 10 minutes or 15 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the effort by my  Republican colleagues, including the President, to dismantle the Fair  Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive order and roll back protections for  workers.   For too long, many workers in this country have been subject to  dangerous working conditions, wage theft, discrimination, and  harassment. While most companies follow the law and play by the rules,  a few have cut corners at the expense of workers' rights and safety and  have factored in paying penalties as just another cost of doing  business. That is not fair for workers, and it is not fair for the  businesses that play by the rules. It is time we put a stop to it.   We certainly should not be spending taxpayers' dollars to pay Federal  contractors who violate--and sometimes repeatedly violate--Federal  labor laws. Repeated violations by Federal contractors is a serious  problem.   According to a 2013 HELP Committee staff report, 49 government  contractors accounted for 1,776 Federal labor law violations. We are  talking about things like an unsafe workplace, discriminating against  workers, or failing to pay workers what they earned. Understand when I  talk about unsafe workplaces, I am talking about fatalities. But  despite these widespread violations, these companies continue to  receive taxpayer-funded Federal contracts worth $81 billion a year.   My colleagues may have seen a recent Politico Magazine report on VT  Halter. VT Halter is a major Navy shipbuilder, but its safety track  record is deeply concerning. In 2009, two workers were killed and five  others injured--some severely--when an explosion occurred at a VT  Halter shipyard. A month later, they received an $87 million Federal  contract. About 6 months after the explosion, VT Halter settled charges  relating to the explosion, admitting that they had willfully violated  at least 12 Occupational Safety and Health Administration--or OSHA-- workplace safety rules to prevent incidents like this from occurring-- an incident in which two workers died. They willfully violated-- willfully; that is willfully violated.   That explosion wasn't VT Halter's only incident. In 2009, a worker  fell to his death at another VT Halter shipyard where there were no  handrails or fall protections. In 2012, the company was fined by OSHA  after a worker at a VT Halter shipyard was killed when the lid on a  pressurized pot exploded. They were fined again in 2014 for violating  crane safety rules after two cranes tipped over, injuring five workers,  including one 63-year-old worker who now has the mental capacity of a  child.   It doesn't make sense to keep rewarding companies like this with  lucrative contracts when they repeatedly--and, again, willfully-- disregard basic safety protections.   To address this problem, in 2014 President Obama issued an Executive  order that essentially says that if you have repeatedly broken our  labor laws, the Federal Government will need to examine a company's  compliance record on labor law violations before awarding large  taxpayer-funded government contracts. Companies with poor track records  will need to prove they are taking action to make sure that these types  of egregious labor law violations don't happen again.   In addition to cracking down on repeat violators who bid for Federal  contracts, the President's Executive order also includes two other  important provisions that I support: a requirement that companies give  workers a pay stub each pay period and a provision to make sure workers  are able to access justice if they have been wronged.   As the Presiding Officer may know, employers are required, under the  Fair Labor Standards Act, to accurately report the number of hours an  employee works and their pay. But, surprisingly, employers are not  always required to give this information to an employee on a pay stub  each pay period. This matters. This matters because when a bad actor  cheats its employees by undercounting hours or underpaying wages, it is  a lot harder for an employee to recover damages if they don't get a pay  stub.   It is often low-income workers who work variable shifts who are most  easily exploited in these cases. For example, last year, a group of  janitors in the  [[Page S1599]]  Twin Cities won hundreds of thousands of dollars of back pay because  their employer had miscounted their hours. And because most of them  weren't given pay stubs, it took them much longer to discover that they  had been underpaid. One of their key demands, in addition to being paid  fairly, was that they start getting pay stubs to ensure they don't get  cheated again. This seems to me like a sensible thing to ask.   Let's be clear. Most employers already give their employees pay  stubs, so this requirement isn't a big change for them, but it makes a  big difference for the workers who are most vulnerable to wage theft.  And because this provision has already been implemented, repealing it  will have real and obvious consequences for working families.   The fair pay and safe workplaces rule also took an important step  toward protecting workers' fundamental rights by banning the use of  forced arbitration in cases of discrimination or sexual assault and  harassment. As we have seen in a multitude of contexts in recent years,  corporate America is increasingly preventing its employees or customers  from accessing the court, relying instead on forced arbitration to  avoid accountability when people seek justice for being cheated or  mistreated. And some of the most egregious cases we have heard are from  workers whose rights have been viciously violated and whose cases were  forced into the dark.   I have made it a priority during my time in the Senate to combat the  widespread and harmful use of forced arbitration. In fact, the forced  arbitration regulations within the fair pay and safe workplaces rule  build on an effort that I successfully championed 8 years ago.   I first became interested in the issue after learning that major  Department of Defense contractors charged with performing vital  national security functions were using arbitration to sweep cases of  sexual assault and harassment under the rug. I heard stories of women  who were assaulted or subjected to hostile working conditions while  employed by a DOD contractor. And when those women sought justice for  the actions--or inactions--of their employers, they were forced into  secret arbitration where none of the traditional safeguards of a public  court of law apply. As a result, countless other victims were left in  the dark about the women's cases, and the contractors were shielded  from accountability, both from the courts and from the public eye.   So in 2009, I introduced an amendment to the Department of Defense  Appropriations Act that prevented certain DOD contractors from forcing  their employees to arbitrate claims of discrimination or sexual assault  and harassment. The amendment passed with bipartisan support. In the  years since, it continues to be passed on a bipartisan basis as a part  of the Defense appropriations process each year, most recently in  December of 2014.   Now, it is unclear to me what has changed in the years since we  passed my amendment that would make my Republican colleagues shift  course. But what is clear is that now is not the time to roll back  these critical protections for our workers.   According to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, at least 25  percent of American women say they have experienced sexual harassment  in the workplace. And recent high profile revelations about abuse--for  example, former Fox News chairman Roger Ailes' abuse of his employees,  as well as the allegations of sex bias at Kay and Sterling Jewelers-- demonstrate that we are far from addressing this issue on a broader  scale. So I urge my Republican colleagues to reconsider their support  for this resolution. I urge them to not force vulnerable women who have  been wronged into the dark and into forced arbitration.   Blocking the fair pay and safe workplaces rule is just wrongheaded. A  vote to repeal this rule is a vote to support giving taxpayer dollars  to companies that break the law, it is a vote to help employers who  cheat their employees out of fair pay, and it is a vote to take away  workers' fundamental rights to access to the court.    I urge a ``no'' vote, and I thank the Presiding Officer for the  generous window of 10 to 15 minutes.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Wow, I kind of hit it right on the nail. Am I out of  order now saying that? No? Good. That means I have another minute and a  half.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   