 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, believe it or not, there are some smart  people out there in America who are not billionaires. I know it doesn't  seem like it as we debate yet another megarich Wall Street titan to  head another department in the Federal Government, but billionaires do  not actually have a monopoly on wisdom in this country.   But it doesn't seem that this is what our new President thinks. If  they all get confirmed, Donald Trump's Cabinet will have a net wealth  that is greater than one-third of all Americans. Think about that for a  second. The Cabinet of the United States will have a net wealth all  together that is greater than one-third of every single American--the  poorest third of Americans--if you put them all together.   He has nominated millionaires and billionaires to head the Department  of Education, the Department of Labor, the Department of the Treasury,  the Department of Commerce--the nominee we are now debating--and the  Department of Health and Human Services. He even nominated two of his  rich friends to head the Army and the Navy.   I heard President Trump talk over and over the past 2 years about how  he was going to drain the swamp once he got here. As far as I can tell,  all he has done thus far is just sell the swamp to his rich friends.   I am not saying that billionaires like Wilbur Ross aren't smart. You  have to be pretty savvy in order to make all of that money for yourself  or for your investors. There is honor in making money. That is the  American dream--to have the opportunity, if you want it, to become very  rich, to become very affluent, to create a business that makes you,  your family, and maybe those who invested in it very well off. I have a  lot of friends who have made a lot of money in and around Wall Street.  I don't begrudge the fact that they did it. But making a lot of money  for yourself doesn't automatically equate to the ability to run an  agency or to run a country.   President Trump made a whole bunch of money for himself, but his  first month on the job as President has been a series of not just  domestic embarrassments but international embarrassments--writing  Executive orders without even checking with the Cabinet to see if what  he is doing is legal or illegal; not being able to fill positions in  the White House or in Federal agencies--the number of foreign diplomats  who tell me they have no idea whom to call right now in the Federal  Government is as embarrassing as it is maddening--getting into public  spats with even our most reliable allies like Germany and Australia;  spending most of his time in pitch battles with the media and his own  staff, rather than working with us on trying to solve the problems of  this country.   Donald Trump is good at making money for himself, but those skills,  as we have found, do not translate very well to running a country.  Maybe that is because when the entire focus of your entire life is  making as much money as humanly possible for yourself, you cannot pivot  on a dime all of a sudden and start putting all of your energy into  helping other people. Maybe life doesn't work like that. So that is  what really worries me about these billionaire nominees.   A few weeks ago, I was on the floor talking about the now-Secretary  of State Rex Tillerson. He spent his career at Exxon helping to build a  very successful business, but in doing so, he hurt a lot of people.  Exxon deals with horrible dictators who used those oil revenues in  order to help murder thousands of their people. That was good for  business, but it was awful for humanity.   Andy Puzder, who is no longer a nominee for the Department of Labor,  openly mocked his workers. He suggested they just got in the way of the  efficient operation of his business, and he pined for the day when  robots would replace them.   Now we are debating Wilbur Ross to be Secretary of Commerce. Wilbur  Ross made a lot of money for himself, but he has taken advantage of the  very bad trade deals that this body has passed in order to offshore  thousands of U.S. jobs. One such company that he owned, a textile  company, employed 4,700 workers in factories in North Carolina and  South Carolina. That was inefficient in Wilbur Ross's desire to make as  much money for himself as he could. So he took those 4,700 jobs and he  shipped them to Guatemala. He said: This project will benefit from  Guatemala's realistic wages.   When Mr. Ross acquired an auto parts factory in Carlisle, PA, a  decade ago, in order to make more money for himself, he took a hard  line with the workers, demanding cuts in wages and benefits that were  worth between 25 and 30 percent of the workers' earnings. That is what  he needed to do in order to squeeze as much money out of that company  to make himself a few extra million dollars. When the union rejected  the demands of Mr. Ross and when the workers rejected those demands, he  shut the plant down and moved their work to North Carolina, to Canada,  and to Mexico.   Wilbur Ross, Rex Tillerson, Steve Mnuchin, and Andy Puzder spent  their entire lives obsessed with making as much money for themselves as  possible and not letting anyone's good fortune get in their way. They  fired workers, they foreclosed on people's homes, they shipped jobs  overseas, and they supported brutal dictators--all of it justifiable as  long as it meant they would make more money for themselves and for  their investors. How on Earth has that become a qualification to serve  the public, to serve at the highest level of the U.S. Government?   I am on the floor today to oppose the nomination of Wilbur Ross to be  Secretary of Commerce--not because he didn't do a good job enriching  himself through the myriad of businesses that he owned and operated  during his time in the private sector but because during that time he  trampled on the rights of workers, he offshored jobs, and he eliminated  people's livelihoods in order to make more money for himself. All of  the things that Candidate Trump talked about taking on were the things  that Wilbur Ross was doing as he took advantage of these trade  agreements to kill jobs in the United States and offshore them to other  places.   President Trump said he was going to fight for the working guy. He  isn't. He is doing the exact opposite. He is turning the keys of this  government over to his wealthy friends so that they can potentially  profit off of taxpayer dollars, so that they can deregulate the  industries that, by the way, they are going to return to when their  term is  [[Page S1434]]  up. They will get richer, just like they have through their entire  lives, while the rest of us pay for it.   It is time for us to recognize that billionaires in this country do  not have a monopoly on wisdom. Sometimes the very skills that allow you  to make a fortune for yourself don't equate to the skills necessary to  fight for everybody else through public service. I would urge my  colleagues to oppose the nomination of Wilbur Ross to be Secretary of  Commerce.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   