 Mr. President, I would like to comment on the positive  aspects of the bill we are about to vote on.   The most positive thing I can say about this is that working families  and middle-income families across the Nation will be better off.  Families who over the last 8 years have not done well will begin to do  better.   Now, we have already discussed some of the things that others have  discussed. Let me just comment briefly:   We have doubled the standard deduction to make filing of income taxes  simpler. For most Americans, that will be a tax cut by doubling that  standard deduction.   We have provisions in there to stimulate the economy, to create  competition for workers so workers will now have a choice of one job or  another. When that happens, of course, their wages rise, and their  benefits get better.   We incentivize companies that are, right now, moving overseas-- because the taxes are so much lower elsewhere--to stay in the United  States, to create American jobs, and to pay more American taxes.   Those are all good things my colleagues have discussed. Let me  discuss some other ways perhaps that this bill benefits working  families and middle-class families.   I am from an energy State. Louisiana produces so much oil and gas.  The thing about energy jobs is it creates jobs for good families. They  may not have a college education, but they are good people. They care  about their children. In these jobs, they can earn over $100,000 a year  in certain aspects of it, and they employ Americans in a way that  Americans have kind of forgotten that it can be that way.   It is meaningful to me. We were in Illinois when I was born. My  family moved to Louisiana because someone called my father and said:  You know, Jim, if you move to Louisiana, you can sell to the people  working at Esso, and you can make a good living.   So even though my father didn't work in the energy industry, he was  one of those who benefited and made a living, which allowed me to go to  medical school. I was the first generation in our family to go to  college and go to medical school, and now I am a U.S. Senator. What an  incredible privilege, all created by energy jobs.   One thing this bill does is it opens up a little more of Alaska for  energy development--2,000 acres. One of my colleagues said smaller than  the airport in Fargo, ND. I have never been there, but 2,000 acres is  not a whole lot of land, But on those 2,000 acres, there is a lot of  oil beneath.   Why is that important? We as a country can make a decision to be  energy secure or not. If we are going to be energy secure, it means we  are going to produce our own energy. This is not to rule out  renewables, but for the moment we are going to continue as a country to  consume natural gas and oil. We can buy it from countries such as in  the Middle East where environmental standards are not as strict as  ours, but when we do that, not only are we sending our jobs and revenue  overseas, but we are also, in effect, endorsing their lower  environmental standards, and that overall pollutes the environment.   On the other hand, if we buy from ourselves--using American workers,  creating American jobs, using American environmental standards--not  only do we get the benefits to the family and the benefits to the  environment, but we have the national security benefit of being able to  be energy secure.   Now, this is powerful. I first became aware of it, I think, in middle  or maybe elementary school. I went to St. Luke's Episcopal Church.  There was a guy there named Thor. What a great name, Thor. Thor told me  his father was a pipefitter and was at that moment in Alaska working on  the Alaska Pipeline. That was 40 years ago, so maybe my memory is a  little fuzzy on everything but Thor's name. The point is, a fellow from  Louisiana was going to Alaska, making great money, being able to  provide for his family back home. That is a good thing.   As we develop our energy resources on the North Slope of Alaska,  using American environmental standards, creating American jobs, we are  changing the life of families like my family and for perhaps the family  of the man I remember going to middle school with long ago.   I mentioned Thor's father was a pipefitter. Now, it is not just on  those 2,000 acres. There will be a way of transporting that oil that is  produced elsewhere. In South Louisiana, we make boats--boats that  actually work off rigs and can create jobs both in the boatyard and in  the maritime industry.   Thor's father was a pipefitter. You pipe out your oil, and you create  jobs in that way. That comes to mind because when I was first elected  to the Senate, I was going to a committee hearing, and some union  fellows from Ohio came up to me to ask that I endorse the construction  of the Keystone XL Pipeline. Of course, I have always been in favor of  it so they had my vote, but they made the point: We are union laborers.  We work on the job. When we say there is $40,000 created in the  building of a pipeline--sure, we may only be on the job for 6 weeks,  but then we go to another job for 6 more weeks and another job for 6  more weeks.  [[Page S7687]]    I was struck that these working families benefit not from the actual  production of America's natural resources but from the transportation  of America's natural resources. So the economic benefit to working and  middle-income families doesn't just stop with those who are perhaps  doing the drilling, but it continues downstream and, as I mentioned  earlier, even extends to a family like mine.   Now, let me mention another aspect of this that brings benefits to  our working families and to our middle-class families. One thing I was  helpful with was the restoration of the historic tax credit. The  historic tax credit is a Federal tax credit first made permanent by  President Ronald Reagan that allows somebody to go to an older building  in a community and to restore it, returning it to commerce. So instead  of a portion of our architectural heritage being destroyed, it is  refurbished and is there for future generations to enjoy. More than the  kind of aesthetics of seeing an older building become beautiful once  more, it creates jobs.   Now, let's go back to this legislation, creating better jobs for  working and middle-income families. First, it affects everybody. More  than 40 percent of the projects under the historic tax credit program  in the last 15 years have been in towns of less than 25,000 people. In  my State, since 2002, the historic tax credit has contributed to 782  projects being built, bringing $2.2 billion worth of investment into  these cities and towns across my State.   Now, when you have that much money, you create lots of jobs. It is  thought, nationwide, according to the study by the National Park  Service, the historic tax credit has encouraged more than $131 billion  in private investment, rehabbing 42,000 buildings, creating more than  2.4 million trade jobs, returning a net positive to the U.S. Treasury.   Since fiscal year 2002, in Louisiana alone, it has, again, fostered  more than $2.5 billion in private investment, creating more than 38,000  jobs. These are jobs--construction jobs, rehabilitation jobs--that  allow a family to live with a good living wage. That is part of this  legislation.   I should mention one thing in particular very topical on the historic  tax credit. The World Trade Center of New Orleans is currently being  refurbished. It was built in the 1960s and is being transformed into a  world-class hotel condominium complex. It brings the city of New  Orleans $400 million in infrastructure spending, 1,600 jobs in  construction trades, as well as more than 450 permanent, full-time  jobs. Instead of a crumbling eyesore, you have a jewel, but more than a  jewel, you have 1,600 jobs created and 450 permanent jobs.   Let me mention the last thing that benefits working and middle-class  families. My friends on the other side of the aisle talked about  supposed negative effects on Social Security and Medicare. I am a  doctor. I have been working in the public hospital system of Louisiana  for 25 years. I understand the importance of safety net programs, if  you will, like Medicare that allow our senior citizens to have the  healthcare they need.   The dirty little secret is that, according to the people who run  Medicare and Social Security, those trust funds are going bankrupt-- bankrupt. Under the Obama administration, they tried to address it by  raising taxes, so they put a higher income tax on people, and the trust  funds are still going bankrupt. Under ObamaCare, there were different  things to try to save money within the system, delivery system reforms,  and some are, frankly, good ideas--although I opposed ObamaCare, in  general, some of these were good ideas, and I continue to endorse  them--and the trust funds are still going bankrupt. So it raised taxes,  we are trying to save money, and the trust funds are still going  bankrupt. What can we do to try and rescue these programs that are so  significant, so important to senior citizens, to all of us in this  country--Social Security and Medicare in particular.   What about economic growth? I did an analysis once with another man  which shows that if we just return to the economic growth that is  common in our country--about 3.5 percent GDP growth per year--we will  fully fund our trust funds for Medicare and Social Security.   Keep in mind, although we are cutting rates for corporations, the  rates for funding Medicare and Social Security are staying where they  are. So if our economy is doing better year over year, there will be  more money going into these trust funds, not because the rates are  higher--the rates remain the same--but because there is more money to  apply the rates to.   Is it reasonable to have that kind of growth? Absolutely. From 1946  to the beginning of President Obama's administration, through 10.5  recessions--including one-half of the great recession--we averaged over  3 percent growth as a country. Now, under President Obama's Presidency,  it was about 2 percent growth, and 2 percent versus 3.5 is all the  difference in the world because it compounds. It goes like this if it  is 2 percent, it goes like this if it is 3.5 percent, and at the end of  10, 15, or 20 years, those differences are remarkable.   I will say, under President Trump, for the last two quarters we have  had over 3 percent GDP growth. Republicans take over, and the economy  begins to do better. In the next quarter, it is estimated that it will  be over 3 percent. With this legislation, increasing the amount of  money families have in their pockets, building out our energy resources  as we are in Alaska, creating jobs for Americans across the way, using  things like the historic tax credit, returning money to the Treasury,  but also creating American jobs will create that prosperity, that  economic growth, so that instead of the 2-percent growth that we have  had for the last 8 years, we have the 3.5-percent growth that we  historically have had. That is a promise of this legislation. That will  restore funding for Social Security and Medicare. That is the answer  that has eluded the other side.    Mr. President, before I yield back, I ask unanimous consent that  there now be 30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no  amendments or motions in order, and with the majority leader being  recognized at the conclusion of that time.    I yield back.    Mr. President, today I wish to discuss the historic  rehabilitation tax credit. During the Finance Committee markup of the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the committee adopted my amendment to return the  historic rehabilitation tax credit to the 20 percent level, with the  credit now claimed over 5 years, as well as a transition rule to  grandfather approved and underway projects under the prior law and  regulations.   The historic rehabilitation tax credit program provides jobs and  investment in communities across the country. More than 40 percent of  projects over the past 15 years have been located in communities with  populations less than 25,000 people. Since 2002, the historic  rehabilitation tax credit has facilitated 782 projects in Louisiana,  bringing more than $2.2 billion of investment into cities and towns  across the State. I am pleased this important provision will be  preserved in tax reform.   For purposes of the transition rule in my amendment, ``taxpayer''  refers to the person who undertakes the rehabilitation of a building.  In the case where a person makes an election under section 48(d), the  term ``taxpayer'' means the lessor, since the lessor is the person who  undertook the rehabilitation. It is intended that the historic  rehabilitation tax credits be available during the transition period  only to the extent such credits would have been available under the  prior law and regulations.   Mr. President, I am proud of the work we have done in the Senate to  develop a bill that delivers tax cuts to working families and  significantly improves the competitiveness of our Tax Code. This will  lead to greater investment, more jobs and opportunity, and an increase  in economic growth.   I would like to take a moment to highlight an important, unresolved  issue that we should consider as we work toward putting a bill on the  President's desk.   Families in Louisiana are particularly prone to the negative impacts  of natural disasters. From Hurricane Katrina in 2005 to historic  flooding in multiple parts of the state during 2016, we have  unfortunately seen some significant losses in our State; yet as we saw  once again with the recent Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, Louisianans are  resilient and watchful of neighbors through the tragedy and the  recovery.   One aspect of recovery that many people don't see is the enormous  amount of capital that flows into the storm zone from the reinsurance  industry. In simple terms, reinsurance is insurance for insurance  companies, and it helps Louisianans rebuild their homes, their  businesses, and their lives.   Reinsurance transfers risk from the balance sheets of property and  casualty insurance carriers so those companies can provide cost- effective solutions to consumers and businesses. A robust reinsurance  market helps ensure that policyholders are getting the best rates  possible on insurance for their homes and businesses. Many of the  largest reinsurers in the world were founded in Europe 100 years ago or  more, and a number of them do business in the United States through  U.S. subsidiaries.   My concern is the potential impact of the bill's base erosion  provision on the reinsurance market and policyholders along the gulf  coast. The base erosion provision has the rightful intent of targeting  bad actors who implement strategies to avoid U.S. taxes; yet the  provision may have an unintended consequence of negatively impacting  cross-border reinsurers conducting normal transactions, which could  affect the market and premiums.   Reinsurance is critical to families and businesses in Louisiana,  particularly after a natural disaster, and I hope to work with my  Senate and House colleagues on this matter as we work to get the bill  to the President's desk.   