 Mr. Speaker, first, I thank Mr. Doyle for his  opposition to S.J. Res. 34. I rise in opposition as well.   The FCC's broadband privacy rules are commonsense rules. These rules  give consumers the ability to choose how their information is used and  shared by their internet service providers.   According to the Pew Research Center, a large majority of Americans  say it is very important that they control who has access to their  information. Despite a loud cry from the American people that they want  to be able to choose how their information is used, S.J. Res. 34 strips  consumers of the power to choose how their ISPs use and share their  information.   This resolution also leaves consumers more vulnerable to attacks  because their ISP will no longer be required to make reasonable steps  to secure their personal information.   In recent years, we have seen numerous data breach incidents that  have jeopardized consumers' personal information. Some examples are  Yahoo, Target, Home Depot, LinkedIn, and Anthem. The list goes on.    Given the growing cyber threats that our Nation faces, it is critical  that we do more, not less, to secure consumers' data. Strong data  security practices are critical for protecting our consumers'  confidentiality.   This resolution would make consumers' data more susceptible to being  stolen and used for identity theft and other harmful unauthorized  purposes.   Consumers want to be heard. They want more privacy. They want their  information to be secure. We have an obligation to respond to their  requests.   I am appalled that one of the Republicans' first acts in this  Congress after trying to take health coverage away from 24 million  people is to attack consumer protections and weaken data security.  Americans are just now hearing about this legislation, and my phones  are ringing off the hook in opposition.   I have to rhetorically ask the other side: Why are you pushing this?   Americans don't want it. Your voters are beginning to pay attention.  This is just after your humiliating defeat with the ACA repeal. I ask  that you withdraw this bill and start listening to your constituents.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject S.J. Res. 34.   