 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and  I rise to support H.R. 3731, the Secret Service Recruitment and  Retention Act of 2017, which Congressman Katko and I cosponsored.   The bill would authorize an increase in the annual salary and the  overtime limit for the men and women of the Secret Service so they can  be paid for the significant overtime they have already worked in 2017  and will be working in 2018.   Last year, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform  unanimously passed the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of  2016. The bill authorized overtime pay for more than 1,400 Secret  Service agents and the thousands of hours they worked in the 2016  Presidential campaign year.   Although non-campaign years are usually significantly less demanding,  the size of President Trump's family, their frequent travel, and the  need to secure their multiple residences have caused more than 1,000  Secret Service agents to reach the annual pay cap in 2017. These  demands on the Secret Service will remain extremely high and require  substantial resources.   In December 2015, the Oversight Committee unanimously adopted a  report concluding that the Secret Service``. . . is experiencing a  staffing crisis that threatens to jeopardize its critical mission.''   Our report found that this was due in large part to ``. . .  significant cuts imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011.''   The report recommended that Congress ensure that the Secret Service  has sufficient funds to restore staffing to the required levels.   Providing this much-needed overtime pay relief is an essential step  towards fulfilling the committee's recommendation. The hardworking men  and women of the Secret Service put their lives on the line every day  and make tremendous personal sacrifices for our country.   We cannot expect the Secret Service to recruit and retain the best of  the best and be the elite of the elite if they are not even being  compensated for the hours that are demanded of them.   Congress has a responsibility to provide the resources they need. I  am proud to join my colleagues in this bipartisan effort to do just  that, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   