 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at  the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment provides  $2 million in dedicated funding for peer support and paraprofessionals  as part of the Behavioral Health Workforce Education and Training  program.   Ensuring all Americans have access to affordable and high-quality  mental health services should not be a partisan issue. It is simply the  right thing to do.   The purpose of the Behavioral Health Workforce Education and Training  program, which this amendment funds, is to add additional training to  serve populations especially in rural and medically underserved areas.   The BHWET program helps close the gap in access to behavioral  healthcare by establishing partnerships with a broad range of  organizations and community partners to ensure a wide recruitment of  students, opportunities for field placements, career development, and  to provide job placement services.   These efforts will increase the number of able behavorial health  providers serving populations across their lifespan, including persons  in rural, medically underserved, and vulnerable communities.   Peer support has improved health outcomes while lowering healthcare  costs. In fact, there is growing evidence that peer support-related  strategies can be used as more engaging and successful solutions than  current hospital and emergency room care-related options. Peer support  programs provide individualized, managed care to those who need it the  most.   Many studies have shown the vast benefits to patients who utilize  peer support. For example, a 3-year pilot project called the Peer  Health Navigation Intervention, or ``The Bridge,'' showed that peer  support, in addition to a variety of other positive outcomes, shifted  the focus of healthcare from urgent care and emergency room visits to  outpatient primary care.   Furthermore, many studies have shown the potential cost savings that  the increased implementation of peer support can deliver. A 2006 study  demonstrated that, for patients using day treatment, the use of  certified peer specialists led to a $5,497 cost reduction per person  per year.   Another successful program based out of Denver, Colorado, showed a  return on investment of $2.28 for every dollar spent. As evidenced by  these and other studies, a small investment in peer support services  will greatly reduce healthcare costs in the long run.   The current system for treating behavioral health issues is not  sufficient to serve those who need help. It is unacceptable that more  than 50 percent of primary care patients with depression go undiagnosed  and two-thirds of primary care providers have no ability to prescribe  outpatient behavioral health for their patients.   Additionally, dedicated funding for peer support paraprofessionals  will be essential in helping address the current lack of access to  behavioral health services in our healthcare system.  [[Page H7293]]    This modest amount of funding for a community-based partnership  program will make an enormous difference for millions of Americans who  deserve access to behavioral health services, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much  time is remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded  vote.   