 Mr. President, today, the Senate considers the nomination  of Elaine Chao to be the Secretary of Transportation. Ms. Chao has  served in a number of roles in both the public and private sectors  throughout her career, ultimately serving as the Secretary of Labor  during the administration of George W. Bush. I look forward to working  with Secretary Chao as we find solutions to modernize and grow our  country's crumbling infrastructure.   We can all agree that investment in our country's transportation  infrastructure means safe bridges, paved roads, completed railways, and  expanded airports. We can also all support innovative approaches to  meeting these needs while guarding public health and environmental  protections. With a long-term vision, Congress is not only repaving  roads, but it is investing in the future of our vibrant communities. In  a rural State like Vermont, it is essential that rural communities have  the transportation options they need to access basic things like  grocery stores, doctors' offices, schools and churches, and banks.  These investments are essential to connecting rural America to the  economic opportunities they need for success.   The importance of this connection was made clear in Vermont after the  devastation of Tropical Storm Irene in 2011. Entire communities were  isolated for days and weeks after the storm until temporary bridges and  roads were able to reconnect us. It was because of substantial Federal  and State commitments that Vermont rebuilt and improved our dams,  roads, wastewater facilities, and rail lines across our State. As  disruptive as the storm was to the rhythm of our everyday lives, it  provided Vermont an opportunity to assess our State's vulnerabilities  and to invest in upgrades. But it should not take a category 4 storm to  allow a State the opportunity to improve its transportation services.   That is why I was encouraged by the Obama administration's continued  investment in programs that were formed as a response to the financial  crisis of 2008. The Transportation Investment Generating Economic  Recovery, TIGER, grant program is providing funding to States for  multimodal programs not considered under traditional transportation  programs. Vermont has received several grants through this program.  Under Secretary Foxx's leadership, there has also been a renewed focus  on transit investment, not only in facilities, but in technology.  Vermont has relied on these programs to enhance our services for the  elderly and disabled, as well as to launch new programs like Green  Mountain Transit's mobile phone application that delivers bus arrival  times and schedule information. Finally, Vermont has 12 State-owned  airports that continue to contribute to Vermont's economic engine. If  not for the commitment to rural airport investment, Vermont would not  have been able to fund our airports' expansions and improvements  necessary to grow and add to our State's commerce and tourism.   America is starving for infrastructure investment. I hope that  Secretary Chao will work with Congress to establish a long-term  investment plan that propels our transportation infrastructure and  technology in both urban and rural areas into the 21 Century.    Mr. President, today the Senate is considering the  nomination of Rex Tillerson to be Secretary of State. Mr. Tillerson is  an intelligent, hard-working, and successful businessman. He is also,  in my view, the wrong choice to be our Nation's top diplomat.   To effectively confront the many challenges our country faces in an  increasingly globalized and volatile world, we need a Secretary of  State who, with credibility and conviction, can clearly and effectively  articulate our interests and values and who has experience advocating  for them abroad.   We need someone who will work with the international community to  combat climate change, bring to justice war criminals like Bashar al- Assad, and stand up to corrupt, abusive regimes that violate  international humanitarian law and territorial integrity as Russia has  done in Syria and Ukraine.   We need someone who will advocate for fundamental human rights and  democratic values when they are threatened by friend or foe.   I am unconvinced that Mr. Tillerson is that person.   As an accomplished businessman, Mr. Tillerson's lone qualification  for Secretary of State seems to be his success in tirelessly  circumnavigating the globe to negotiate oil deals. There is no doubt he  has helped ExxonMobil expand its business and made a lot of money doing  so. But contrary to the view being promoted by the Trump  administration, running a for-profit business is fundamentally  different from running a large Federal agency.   As the CEO of ExxonMobil, Mr. Tillerson worked closely with corrupt  autocrats like Vladimir Putin who were actively undermining U.S.  interests and acting in ways that were counter to our values. In doing  so, Mr. Tillerson served his shareholders, but he disregarded the  national interests of the United States.   Unlike some in this body, I believe we should have relations with  governments we disagree with. But I also believe that, in doing so, we  must act in accordance with our principles and values. And I don't  believe that being the CEO of one of this country's wealthiest  companies entitles you to ignore those values for the sake of making  money.   Mr. Tillerson's confirmation hearing provided him the opportunity to  reconcile his track record of a lifetime in the oil business with the  responsibilities he would have as Secretary of State.   In his testimony, he stated that ``American leadership requires moral  clarity.'' I agree. But he was challenged by Senators Rubio, Murphy,  and others who observed that despite this statement, Mr. Tillerson was  unwilling to label the relentless bombardment and destruction of Aleppo  by Russian forces as a war crime or the extrajudicial killings of  thousands of civilians in the Philippines as a blatant violation of  human rights, to cite only two examples of well-documented cases of  atrocities he refused to recognize as such.   I worry that Mr. Tillerson will too often be inclined to subjugate  fundamental human rights to what he perceives as overriding economic or  security concerns. There is nothing in the record to suggest that he  recognizes that the protection of human rights is itself a national  security imperative or that he would differ from the President on these  issues that have become even more important since January 20.   We also have no idea what Mr. Tillerson thinks about the President's  misguided, discriminatory, and probably illegal decision to ban entry  to the United States of all citizens of Syria and half a dozen other  Muslim countries because he has been conspicuously silent, even though  the State Department will have a key role in enforcing it. Our  diplomats posted overseas will bear the brunt of the retaliatory  actions by outraged governments in countries targeted by this arbitrary  and self-defeating Executive order.   Nor do we know what he thinks of the President's draft Executive  order that signals a drastic reduction in our support for and influence  in the United Nations. Will the President consult with Mr. Tillerson  before issuing that order? Does Mr. Tillerson think it is a smart way  to protect our interests and reassure our allies? We don't know.   ExxonMobil, while Mr. Tillerson was CEO, lobbied to overturn section  1504 of the Dodd-Frank legislation which is designed to stop the  illicit flow of revenues from oil and gas extraction to corrupt  governments. Senator Lugar, who played a key role in that bipartisan  legislation, said at the time that stopping such corruption is a  national security and economic priority for the United States. Does Mr.  Tillerson think that shrouding in secrecy corruption involving hundreds  of billions of dollars by governments who steal from their own  impoverished people is in our national interest? We don't know because  he doesn't say.   My other abiding concern with this nominee is that we are being asked  to confirm the head of the world's largest oil company to be the  country's top diplomat, at a time when I believe the most challenging  issue we and the world face is climate change resulting from the  combustion of fossil fuels.   Uniting the world to combat climate change will not be possible  without unprecedented U.S. leadership. Leadership requires credibility,  and on this issue, Mr. Tillerson has next to none. He has devoted his  professional career--and become a billionaire in the process--to  extracting and selling as much oil as possible. If, at his confirmation  hearing, Mr. Tillerson had said that he recognizes the causal  connection between burning fossil fuels and climate change, that he  understands the grave threat it poses, and that he is determined to use  the position of Secretary of State to build on the record of the Obama  administration to combat climate change, I might feel differently. But  he said nothing remotely like that.   To the contrary, when asked at his confirmation hearing if ExxonMobil  concealed what it knew about climate change while funding outside  groups that raised doubts about the science, Mr. Tillerson said he was  ``in no position to speak'' for the company, even though he had been  the CEO until only a few days before. When asked whether he lacked the  knowledge to answer or was refusing to do so, he replied ``A little of  both.'' That should concern each of us.   Based on his professional record and his responses at the hearing, I  do not believe Mr. Tillerson is the right person to be representing the  United States in negotiations to reduce carbon emissions, one of the  defining issues of our time.   I was also disappointed by Mr. Tillerson's responses to a number of  other questions submitted for the record, including regarding U.S.  policy toward Cuba and the right of Americans to travel there. By  simply repeating the Republican talking points that he would act  consistent with the Helms-Burton Act, he appeared to embrace a law that  has failed to achieve any of its objectives and has prevented Americans  from traveling freely to Cuba or U.S. companies from doing business  there.   Does Mr. Tillerson believe that Cuba, an impoverished island of 11  million people who overwhelmingly have a positive opinion of the United  States, should remain the country with the most U.S. sanctions of any  in the world? He didn't say.  [[Page S537]]    I hope that, if confirmed, Mr. Tillerson will evaluate our policy  toward Cuba objectively and in a manner that favors diplomatic  engagement--as the overwhelming majority of Cubans and Americans want-- over isolation.   I understand that nominees are often unwilling to take hard positions  or unable to discuss in detail at this early stage all of the issues  they will be required to manage in their new job. But we should expect  a nominee for Secretary of State to be willing and able to recognize  and condemn horrific violations of human rights and to speak out  against actions by foreign governments and our own that are obviously  inconsistent with our interests and values.   President Obama did not achieve every foreign policy goal he set out  to achieve, nor did I always agree with President Obama's or Secretary  of State Kerry's priorities. But we worked together, and with our  international partners, we made notable progress over the past 8 years  on human rights, climate change, reducing poverty, and many other  issues--progress we must continue to build on. With nationalism and  isolationism on the rise and democracy and fundamental freedoms under  threat, we need a Secretary of State who has demonstrated a track  record and commitment to more than economic enrichment.   If Mr. Tillerson is confirmed, which I expect he will be, I will  continue my longstanding support for the funding to enable the State  Department to carry out its vital mission to protect and promote U.S.  interests and values abroad. When he and I agree, I will support him.  When we disagree, I will be vocal in my opposition as I was during the  Obama administration.   I hope Mr. Tillerson will also be a strong advocate for the State  Department's budget and personnel, including by protecting the  integrity of the Dissent Channel to ensure that alternative views on  important policy decisions can be expressed and considered without fear  of retribution. Even the best policies in the world are worth little  more than the paper they are printed on without the funds and the  people to implement them.   We should always remember that the face of the United States is its  people. Leadership is possible only through the hard work of the  diplomats serving around the world to promote our values, defend our  interests, and engage constructively with friends and adversaries.  Their service, dedication, and expertise are the reason we are able to  effectively confront an increasingly dangerous world. Our success at  home is inextricably linked to their success abroad. That is why, just  as we support the men and women of our military, so should we recognize  and support the diplomats at the Department of State.   The State Department's indispensable role, made possible by its  outstanding workforce, is recognized by the many widely respected  senior U.S. Armed Forces officials, current and retired, who have  repeatedly called for increased funding for diplomacy and development.  They know better than anyone that preventing wars is far less costly  than fighting them and that wars rarely if ever turn out the way one  predicts, as the past 50 years painfully illustrate.   Regardless of whatever differences of opinion we may have, I hope Mr.  Tillerson will consult regularly with Republicans and Democrats, as has  been the custom with past successful Secretaries of State of both  parties. I have been here a long time, and I would be the first to say  that we have had outstanding top diplomats from both parties. I put  James Baker in that category, and I sincerely hope that Mr. Tillerson  proves me wrong and joins their ranks. We all want what is best for the  American people and the Nation, and we are stronger when we work  together and with other nations to find a common way forward.   