 Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my fellow freshmen of the  115th Congress and commit to civility.   The 435 of us represent 320 million Americans. With a population that  large and that diverse, we are going to have our differences. We are  going to disagree which direction the Nation needs to go. With a free  and open democracy, we all have that right. Vigorous discussion makes  us stronger.   However, despite our differences, we are all still Americans, we want  what is best for our country, and we must keep our debates respectful.  We are all Americans first before we are Republicans, Democrats,  Independents; and we can't forget this.   As Americans, we do have major issues facing us; and the world is  looking to us to be leaders and find solutions. We must remain civil to  each other to achieve this goal. Let's not forget that ISIS will never  ask if we are Republicans or Democrats. The unemployment line doesn't  ask if we are Republicans or Democrats either. The Federal deficit  doesn't care if we are Republicans or Democrats. These are shared  issues, and we are all in this together.   Politics is a contact sport, or so I am told. It has been that way  since George Washington was President and Thomas Jefferson funded an  opposition paper against him, all the while serving in his Cabinet.  Still, today, character assassinations are a common occurrence in our  political landscape, and it is wrong. Americans are at our finest when  we work toward our common goals respectfully.   I spent nearly 30 years in the Air Force, and, during that time, I  was fortunate to hold five commands. It didn't matter to me or our  mission if a subordinate or a teammate was a Republican or Democrat. We  fought in Iraq, stood up missile defenses in Israel, and conducted  missions worldwide as Americans, not as Republicans or Democrats.   In the Air Force, we were all Americans, we are all airmen, and we  all had one common goal. We need more of that on Capitol Hill. We are  all Americans, we are all Members of Congress, and we all care about  the future of our country.   One day, like all of us, I will meet our Creator. And when I do, I  believe He will not care about what political party I associated myself  with, but He will care how I treated my brothers and sisters. Let us  agree to be a bright light on how to treat each other while we debate  the issues we care about.   Let us, in the 115th Congress, all agree to work together, be civil  to each other, be respectful with each other, and remember we are  Americans before we are Republicans or Democrats.   