 Mr. Speaker, let me start off by letting  the America people know fully why we Democrats on this side of the  aisle are opposed to this bill.   Nobody has worked as hard as Democrats on this bill, Mr. Speaker, but  the reason we object to it is that the flood insurance part of this  bill was a result of cherry-picking items that they wanted. The  American people deserve better than that. Then they attach it to an FAA  bill with a 6-month extension. That is no way to treat the issues that  we have today.   All you have got to do is click on the television and look at what is  happening to American citizens in Puerto Rico, Florida, Texas. And you  are going to put something where they cherry-picked this together to  solve this particular problem?   There is no sense of urgency here, Mr. Speaker.   Another reason is that, unlike all of our other disaster tax credit  relief packages, every time we have had an expansion added to the bill,  we expanded these tax credits for low-income people, expanded the tax  credits for the new markets area for people to immediately come in and  invest. Not in this bill. There is no expansion in this bill.   My friends over there talk about bipartisanship. My middle name is  bipartisanship. There is nobody on that committee who works harder for  bipartisanship than David Scott.   But the one piece of bipartisanship--our amendment that I worked  feverishly on with the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Duffy), in which  we were able to address the issue of the penalties of expense on those  poor people who chose to have their monthly installments there and not  be punished for it.    We worked together on that and cut that  cost in half. That one bipartisan piece of endeavor in our Financial  Services Committee is not even included in this bill. That is why we  are opposed to it.   Let's treat the American people the way they deserve. There is no  better time. You are talking about expanding the help. Our people,  American citizens in Puerto Rico, Florida, and Texas, deserve for us to  have a complete flood insurance program, not piecemeal.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Sinema for that  very nice introduction.   Ladies and gentlemen of the Nation who are listening or watching us  on C-SPAN, I want to impress that we have exactly, right now, 40,000  soldiers--veterans--who are committing suicide each year.   This is a national crisis, but it is more than that. It is a national  tragedy, but it is more than that. It is an American national shame.   These soldiers go where they are commanded to go. They go into a hail  of bullets. They go and they fight and they die. They leave an arm,  they leave a leg, they leave so much of themselves on the battlefield,  and so many leave their minds there because of the devastation. And  when we bring them back home, the level of treatment that many of them  are getting, and even not getting, is, again, a national tragedy and a  national shame.   It is my home that the plea that America will hear this day from  these Members of Congress will awaken us to what I believe is, and  should be, the number one issue facing this Nation: take care of our  veterans.   Twenty a day, 40,000 every year, is terrible.   Now, myself, what am I doing?   Each year, I put on a jobs fair. But I don't put on that jobs fair by  myself. Partnering with me is the VA, where we have, in Atlanta,  Georgia, at that convention and trades center, a jobs fair each year  with the VA, and we are averaging about 450 jobs each year.   But we don't stop there. We have a health fair because it is the  PTSD--post-traumatic stress syndrome--that is this archenemy that we  are not examining. The reason for that is that there is a severe  shortage of psychiatrists in the VA and there is a severe shortage of  primary care physicians in the VA.   So right here in this legislature, my good Republican friend, Larry  Bucshon from Indiana, and I--and he is a doctor--have worked together.  We put together legislation 2 years ago, in 2015, for the special  appropriations for veterans that we would pay the tuition, pay the loan  forgiveness, for those physicians who are psychiatrists and who will go  and work in the VA.   But we didn't stop there. Knowing how the vagarious income levels are  structured and the pay scales are structured according to where you  live in the United States--and we have VA hospitals, VA centers all  over this country, and the salary levels vary--we made sure that an  added incentive would be to those graduating psychiatrists who will go  and help our veterans and go help us fulfill this shortage, that we  would make sure that their incoming salary would be at least 2 percent  higher than that average.   My only heartbreak in all of this is that we were only able to get  12. And I can tell you how much that broke my heart by this Congress.  But it is a start.   This bill will be replenished. And if you in the public can help us,  if we want to do something right now about cutting down on the number  of suicides that our veterans are having, help us get more  psychiatrists into the VA system, help me and Larry Bucshon and many  Democrats and Republicans who voted for the initial piece of  legislation--we only got 12 the first time, but we should get 300, 400,  500. We should be willing to make that appropriation.   We can talk, we can sympathize, we can do all of that, but we need to  get better treatment, psychiatric treatment, for our veterans. That  will not happen, ladies and gentlemen, if we don't get more  psychiatrists into the VA system.   So give Larry Bucshon from Indiana, my Republican friend, a call. My  office, give me a call. But better than that, call your Congressman and  say: Let's get this bill expanded so we can get more psychiatrists.   The Congress will move if the American people say move.   Now, finally, I must say this. There is no one that embodies the  final words of Jesus Christ before he was crucified. Those final words  that he spoke to his disciples 24 hours before he was crucified were:  ``Love one another as I have loved you.''   And there is no greater love than that one who will lay down his life  for his friend. That, ladies and gentlemen, is our veteran.   