 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for  yielding me time.   I rise today in support of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and  Airway Extension Act of 2017.   This extension provides stability to our aviation system and extends  the funding to the FAA over the next 6 months while Congress continues  to make progress on a full FAA reauthorization bill. This extension is  absolutely necessary to prevent a shutdown in FAA programs, delays in  airport construction projects, and the possible furlough of thousands  of FAA employees across the country. I will be the first to admit I am  disappointed we have not passed a long-term bill yet.   Unfortunately, this is not a new problem for Congress. Between 2007  and 2012, Congress passed 23 extensions before approving a full  reauthorization. These short-term stopgaps, while necessary, create  long-term budget instability, and they contribute to the FAA's overall  inability to effectively manage the modernization of our antiquated air  traffic control system.   Congress has passed numerous piecemeal reforms over the years to try  to help the FAA act more like a business and efficiently modernize the  system. These reforms have not worked, and passing the same kind of  reforms again is not going to change the simple fact that the Federal  Government is not an innovative, high-tech service business.   It is time to face the truth that, without transformational reform,  the American people will not get the most modern and efficient air  traffic control system that they have been promised and deserve. For  too long, we have been trying to manage the symptoms of the problem  instead of finding a cure.   Thankfully, we now have that cure. H.R. 2997, the 21st Century AIRR  Act, and progress is being made every day on this bill to provide long- overdue reform of the FAA.   While we have made progress, I believe we will move this bipartisan  bill through the House in the next few weeks. In the meantime, we have  to pass this extension today to provide 6 months' worth of certainty  and stability to the FAA, the aviation community, and the flying  public.   Without it, starting this Sunday, October 1, the FAA programs will  face a shutdown, thousands of FAA employees could be furloughed,  airport projects across the country will come to a halt, and  approximately $40 million a day in aviation trust fund revenue will go  uncollected. That is funding for air traffic control, airport  development, and other safety and modernization programs that will  never be recovered.   I want to remind my colleagues again that the very fact that we have  to pass this bill today is one of the many reasons we need fundamental,  comprehensive FAA reform.   In order to ensure America remains the world leader in aviation, I  look forward to bringing the bipartisan 21st Century AIRR Act to the  floor in the coming weeks. Until then, I urge my colleagues to support  today's bill.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Brady and Chairman Hensarling for their  work on this bill, and I thank my friend for yielding.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Curbelo for yielding me this  time.   Mr. Speaker, I just heard the ranking member get on the floor and  call me stubborn. I am pretty committed to what we are doing here  because this week will be the second year anniversary of this quote by  the ranking member in debate on the floor on H.R. 3614. ``The FAA is  the only agency in government worse at procurement than the Pentagon.  Congress has tried to reform it; it didn't stick. We have got to try  something different to get it more agile, to give us the 21st century  equipment and software that we need.''   That is exactly what we are trying to do in the 21st Century AIRR  Act. We  [[Page H7468]]  have tried for the last 40 years to get it modernized. We spent  somewhere around 40 to $50 billion, and we haven't been able to get it  done. This is a true transformational reform.   