 Mr. Speaker, this House contains many friends of Israel,  Republican and Democratic. Indeed, as long as I've been here, I have  never found an enemy of Israel in this House. Certainly that friendship  was very apparent when only a few weeks ago President Obama approved  giving Israel $38 billion of American tax money in military assistance.  But like the Knesset in Jerusalem, we sometimes do disagree about what  the best way is to ensure peace and security, and lively debate is  important to that.   Unfortunately, this rule is about stifling Knesset-style debate. It  restricts and denies any amendment and any alternative. This strict  limitation on debate and this surprise presentation of today's measure  with no public hearing and little warning show how fearful our  Republican colleagues are of a legitimate discussion of this troubling  issue. This is a horrible way to make critical foreign policy. It is  only a step above doing it by tweets, which seems to be the approach of  the day.   Today's resolution, which purports to support Israeli security,  actually undermines that security. It favors going it alone with the  current Israeli Government in defiance of our other allies and the 14  countries that unanimously voted for this Security Council measure.  [[Page H120]]    Isolation--more and more isolation--is not the way to protect Israel.  Those who demonstrate their friendship with Israel by following Mr.  Netanyahu on one right turn after another are boxing in America and  Israel. He is moving us further and further to the extremes so that we  eventually go off a cliff into chaos. As Tom Friedman noted in urging a  negotiated two-state settlement: ``A West Bank on fire would become a  recruitment tool for ISIS and Iran.''   Vote for peace. Reject this resolution.    I thank the gentleman.   Mr. Speaker, for what may or may not be their good intentions, this  resolution and its authors undermined the security of families here and  in Israel. This ``go it alone'' approach with the current Israeli  Government--defying a unanimous vote of 14 countries and ignoring the  concerns of many of our allies--is not a path to peace. We will not  protect ourselves or our allies in Israel if we pursue the path of  isolation.   For decades, we have enjoyed a bipartisan commitment to two states  living in peace and security next door to one another. It has been a  difficult goal to achieve, but now is not the time to give up on it.  There are, sadly, some in Israel and some among the Palestinians who  wholly reject this commitment. They believe it is all theirs. They  believe in a divine entitlement to every piece of land west of the  Jordan River. Their idea of a reasonable negotiation is that the other  side gets next to nothing.   Few people who have worked on this difficult issue and have tried to  overcome such zealotry and achieve a just resolution have done as much  as Secretary of State John Kerry. Despite the insults and the  intransigence, he has made near Herculean efforts to achieve peace.  To be honest, the roadblocks that have been thrown in his path have not  come just from one side. In no way do we condone the many, many wrongs  of the Palestinians and the Palestinian Authority by saying that some  of those roadblocks were initiated by the current Israeli Government.    Then, to talk of one sided, what irony. Indeed, I think it is  hypocrisy to talk about a one-sided resolution when this is a one-sided  resolution. If there had been the slightest interest in bringing this  body together--with all of us supporting Israel, with all of us  supporting access to the Western Wall, with all of us supporting the  security of our friend that was reflected in $38 billion, which is the  most money in military assistance we have ever provided to a single  ally by this administration--instead of attacking the goodwill and the  good faith of this administration, we wouldn't be here today. There is  no urgency for us to act today. There is an urgency--just as the new  designee for the Ambassador to Israel has slandered some other people-- for them to besmirch the efforts of this administration.   The truth is that ever-expanding Israeli settlements--many of them  first constructed in total violation of Israeli law--are a significant  obstacle, but they are certainly not the only one. The clearer goal of  settlers is to have facts on the ground, to be irreversible in moving  to split up any potential Palestinian Authority.   Protect our families and those of Israel by rejecting this  resolution.   