 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 562, I call up  the bill (S. 585) to provide greater whistleblower protections for  Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower  protections, and increased accountability and required discipline for  Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers, and for other  purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on S. 585, currently under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of S. 585, the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick  Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017.   This bill addresses problems that were exposed in the tragic case of  whistleblower retaliation at the Department of Veterans Affairs.   Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick was a doctor employed on a probationary basis  by  [[Page H8000]]  Veterans Affairs, who committed suicide hours after he was fired for  questioning overmedication of the veterans he cared for.   This bill would, for the first time, create minimum disciplinary  standards to require that managers who retaliate against whistleblowers  are punished. First offenders would receive at least 3 days of  suspension, and repeat offenders would face mandatory termination.   The Kirkpatrick Act also adds whistleblower protections to Federal  employees hired on a probationary basis, like Dr. Kirkpatrick. Agencies  will be required to grant priority to requests for transfer from  probationary period whistleblowers.   The bill would create a number of other whistleblower protections,  many of which are overdue. For example, accessing the medical file of a  whistleblower for the purpose of retaliation would be declared a  prohibited personnel action. The Department of Veterans Affairs would  also be required to devise a plan to prevent that sort of unauthorized  medical file access.   The bill also requires apparent suicides by whistleblowers to be  referred to the Office of Special Counsel for further investigation.  Agencies would be required to initiate training programs for  supervisors and information disclosures for employees regarding  whistleblower protection.   The Senate passed this bill by voice vote earlier this year, and  passage through the House would send the bill to the President's desk  for signature and enactment.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill to honor the memory of Dr.  Chris Kirkpatrick and to protect future whistleblowers.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge adoption of the bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion  to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the motion to recommit.   This bill addresses critical flaws in how the Federal Government  addresses whistleblower retaliation.   The consequences for whistleblower retaliation are very real. There  is a chilling effect of whistleblower reports or unjust termination. In  some cases, like that of Dr. Kirkpatrick in the Department of Veterans  Affairs, the consequences are literally life and death.   We have the opportunity to send this bill to the President for a  signature today and fix this now. Why wait? And at what cost to Federal  employees, veterans, and taxpayers?   I support the gentleman from Maryland's effort to pass this provision  which I previously cosponsored myself, but let's not let one good bill  get in the way of another.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the motion to recommit  and support the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   