 Madam President, ObamaCare exacerbated financial pressures  on the Medicaid Program at a time when many States were already facing  difficult choices. Even before ObamaCare, Medicaid was plagued by  quality issues and the law did nothing to address these problems.  Instead, under ObamaCare, able-bodied adults not previously eligible,  including some prisoners, are now covered by Medicaid which has  strained already limited resources at the State level.   Republicans are committed to working with States, stakeholders, and  the American public to improve the quality of the Medicaid Program,  ensuring its long-term sustainability. That is reflected in my  amendment. My amendment would create a reserve fund to allow for  reforms to Medicaid and ensure the program has the right priorities.   I urge my colleagues to vote for my amendment and against the  Menendez amendment, which is simply designed to prevent the repeal of  ObamaCare and enshrine its flawed approach to Medicaid in a budget  point of order.    Madam President, I move to waive the applicable provisions  of the Budget Act with respect to my amendment, and I ask for the yeas  and nays.    Mr. President, as I stated, ObamaCare came along when  States were already facing difficult fiscal choices, and, sadly, made  things worse. ObamaCare's Medicaid expansion exacerbated the pressure  on States without even addressing the numerous quality issues in the  program. Republicans are still committed to working with interested  parties, including our State governments, to reform Medicaid and ensure  its long-term sustainability. That is the purpose of my amendment here  tonight.   My amendment would create a deficit-neutral reserve fund to allow for  reforms to Medicaid as well as the Children's Health Insurance Program  and to ensure the programs have the right priorities.   I urge my colleagues to vote for my amendment and against the Brown  amendment, which is simply designed to prevent the repeal of ObamaCare  and enshrine its flawed approach to Medicaid in a budget point of  order.    Mr. President, I move to waive the applicable provisions  of the Budget Act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for  the yeas and nays.   