 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 387, the  Email Privacy Act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this  legislation, which will provide a critical update to the privacy laws  governing electronic communications.   The Electronic Communications Privacy Act, or ECPA as it is known,  was enacted in 1986. It was an attempt to reestablish a balance between  privacy and law enforcement needs at a time when personal and business  computing was becoming more commonplace. Over the last 30 years,  however, we have seen a revolution in communications technology, and  what might have made sense in 1986 is vastly out of date today.   New technologies, including cloud computing, social networking, and  location-based services, have rendered many of the law's provisions  outdated, vague, or inapplicable to emerging innovations. For example,  even a single email is potentially subject to multiple different legal  standards under current law.   In 2009 and 2010, when I was the chairman of the Subcommittee on the  Constitution, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties, we held multiple  hearings to consider reforms to our Nation's electronic and privacy  laws. This work culminated in the Electronic Communications Privacy Act  Modernization Act of 2012, a bill I introduced along with Ranking  Member Conyers requiring law enforcement to obtain a warrant based on  probable cause before searching emails. That approach, now embodied in  the Yoder-Polis Email Privacy Act, is what we are here today to  consider.   In an era in which government access to an individual's private  information held by third-party providers has become far too easy, this  legislation will finally update our laws to reflect our new  understanding of what it means, in the words of the Fourth Amendment,  for ``people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and  effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures.''   Clarifying the laws will also help industry stakeholders who  currently struggle to apply the existing, outdated categories of  information to their products and services, and it will provide a clear  standard for law enforcement.   This bill is not perfect and, clearly, there is more to be done. In  particular, we must keep working to require a probable cause warrant  for location information. However, this bill is an important step  forward toward ensuring that our laws strike the right balance between  the interests and needs of law enforcement and the privacy rights of  the American people. I urge my colleagues to support it.    I congratulate all those involved in its development.   