 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2825, the Department of  Homeland Security Authorization Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, most Americans give little thought to the range of  activities that the Department of Homeland Security undertakes every  day to safeguard our Nation. Consideration of this legislation today  provides us with the opportunity to take a moment to not only  acknowledge the contributions of the 240,000 men and women who serve at  the Department but to consider what DHS does on a daily basis.   On any given day, the Transportation Security Administration screens  2 million air passengers and 1 million bags. The Federal Protective  Service protects 1.4 million people who visit and work in Federal  buildings. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection screens 282,000  vehicles, 72,000 truck, rail, and maritime containers. The U.S. Coast  Guard seizes and removes over 1,000 pounds of drugs and saves more than  10 lives in search and rescue operations daily.   The Secret Service provides physical protection to the Nation's  highest elected leaders, visiting foreign dignitaries, facilities, and  major events. And the National Cybersecurity and Communications  Integration Center issues 50 cyber warnings and blocks nearly 2,000  intrusions.   This list of activities is not, by any means, exhaustive, but I think  it is important for Members to keep in mind what DHS does every day, as  we consider H.R. 2825.   A central focus of this legislation is improving operations within  the DHS by, among other things, bolstering acquisition management,  employee engagement, policymaking, stakeholder engagement, and civil  rights and civil liberties.   Additionally, H.R. 2825 seeks to enhance DHS' counterterrorism and  intelligence efforts and the sharing of threat information with State,  local, and regional fusion centers.   I am particularly pleased that H.R. 2825 rejects the Trump  administration's proposed cuts to assistance to State and local  jurisdictions. Not only does H.R. 2825 authorize homeland security  first responder grants, training, and exercises, but it also restores  funding for two critical TSA programs: the Law Enforcement Grant  Program and the program to fund security staffing at airport exit  lanes.   With respect to the Urban Area Security Initiative Grant Program, it  authorizes funding at $800 million, which is $350 million above  President Donald Trump's request. For the State Homeland Security Grant  Program, it authorizes $600 million, which is $250 million above  President Donald Trump's request.   Additionally, the Transit Security, Port Security, Nonprofit  Security, and  [[Page H6112]]  Stonegarden Grant Programs are authorized at levels well above  President Donald Trump's request.   When it comes to securing our Nation, the American public expects DHS  to make smart investments. H.R. 2825 seeks to ensure that the policies  and protections are in place to do just that.   It has been almost 15 years since 22 agencies were thrust together to  create the third largest Federal department. Since that time, DHS has  never been reauthorized.   Today, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this measure,  which gives DHS the direction and support it needs to safeguard our  Nation.   With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Demings).    I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Florida.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Barragan), who represents the largest  container port in the Nation, the port of L.A.-Long Beach.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2825 was unanimously  approved by the Committee on Homeland Security on June 14, 2017, after  39 Democratic amendments focused on strengthening the underlying  bipartisan bill were accepted.   To make this legislative package more complete, subsequent to  committee consideration, text that was approved by the Transportation  and Infrastructure and Judiciary Committees was added.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to join me in supporting passage of this  important homeland security legislation that includes provisions that  have the support of groups as diverse as the International Association  of Fire Chiefs, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, National Fusion Center  Association, the Jewish Federations of North America, the American  Federation of Government Employees, and the American Public  Transportation Association.   Mr. Speaker, let me compliment the chairman for a job well done.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   