 Mr. Chairman, 5 years of bipartisan committee work has  contributed to the drafting of H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief  Act. It is time we passed it for the sake of businesses across the  United States who need greater certainty in managing their risk.   In advance of writing this legislation to reauthorize the CFTC, the  House Committee on Agriculture held 22 hearings on the future of the  Commission and the state of the derivatives industry. I mention the  number 22 to highlight how extensive the data collection and  deliberation has been.   To make this reauthorization as complete and thorough as possible,  those 22 hearings collected feedback and testimony from every segment  of the futures and swaps markets, from end users to regulators. We have  used the testimony to draft legislation that will make derivatives  markets work better for those who need them most: businesses trying to  manage their risk.   But not only is this reauthorization language exhaustively  researched, it has also already been approved by this Chamber multiple  times, starting in the 113th Congress.   In the 113th Congress, the Committee completed H.R. 4413, which  passed the House with strong bipartisan support. In the 114th Congress,  we put forward the Commodity End-User Relief Act of 2015, which was  very similar to H.R. 4413, and also passed the House with support from  both parties. Now, not only is H.R. 238 virtually identical to the  reauthorization bill, which passed the House last Congress, H.R. 238  also includes the amendments that were adopted on the House floor  during debate.   I will turn my focus toward the people that this tested and proven  language will help, largely end users. Although end users are not  investors, speculators, or risk takers, they have borne the brunt of  many of the consequences of new regulations.   Derivatives are used by a huge swath of businesses for risk  management purposes, including manufacturers, farmers, ranchers, and  other businesses that buy or sell products overseas, pension funds,  insurance companies, and others who face risks that the prices for  their business inputs and outputs frequently fluctuate.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this long overdue  legislation.   