 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great State of  Texas. He has consistently done a very great job in leading these  efforts for the Congressional Black Caucus, as well as our chairman,  Cedric Richmond.   Mr. Speaker, this is an interesting time that we are in, obviously,  in the country, and it is a rather challenging time. Mr. Speaker, I  would like to let  [[Page H9164]]  you know, last year this time, on November 14, 2016, I was sworn in. So  I have been here for 1 year, Mr. Speaker. In that 1 year, when I stood  in this well of this House, I talked about the importance of putting  country first and moving America forward.   I said at that particular time that I thought it was extremely  important that we work together, and all my colleagues, at that time,  from Pennsylvania, stood with me, Democrats and Republicans alike. I  talked in this well of the House on November 14, 2016, about the need  to concentrate on the people first; that I thought it was extremely  essential that we understood that we should talk about the issues that  are most important to people and not what is important to us; that we  now are in a governance mode, not a political mode.   There will be time to have discussions about political next year, but  this particular time we need to put people first.   Mr. Speaker, our country has not seen bipartisan tax reform since  1986, and that was when President Reagan was President of the United  States, and Speaker Tip O'Neill was Speaker of this House.   I think it is safe to say, the U.S. Tax Code is in need of major  facelifting. But let me make it very clear when I say the way the  Republican Party and the Trump administration are going about tax  reform is all wrong.   One of my main priorities in Congress is to help keep moving the city  of Philadelphia forward. The Republican tax bill impedes our ability to  move our city forward. At a time when older cities and suburbs are  pressed for funding, this destructive tax plan is yet another way the  Republican Party is taking resources from our cities.   What do I mean by this?   On Friday past, Mr. Speaker, I joined with the mayor of the city of  Philadelphia, Mayor Jim Kenney; the city council president, Darrell  Clarke; Congressman Bob Brady; and HELP USA to hold a press conference  to call attention to how our neighborhoods would be hard hit by this  Republican tax plan.   We stood in front of what used to be a school building in  Philadelphia, but has now been transformed into a supportive housing  facility that will soon house 37 veterans and individuals aged 55 and  older. It is these kinds of investments and transformations that will  move our neighborhoods forward that are at stake under the GOP tax  plan. We have a lot to lose under the Republican tax plan.   Mr. Speaker, you may recall that the President, at that time,  Candidate Trump, went to the city of Philadelphia and asked,  specifically targeted to the African-American community: ``What do you  have to lose?'' That is what he said.   He talked about the schools. He talked about the neighborhoods. He  talked about all of the challenges that we face in urban America and,  particularly, to the African-American community.   So, Mr. President, we have a lot to lose under the Republican tax  plan. The repeal of private activity bonds would be devastating for  hospitals--I have a number of hospitals in my district. Temple  University, Einstein, Lankenau, University of Penn, Saint Joseph's  University--universities, and other nonprofit institutions in  Philadelphia and Montgomery County who depend on these bonds and rely  on public-private partnerships to address critical infrastructure  needs, finance valued projects, and ensure affordable housing.   The list of harmful provisions in this bait-and-switch tax bill goes  on and on.   I just received a letter from Chairwoman Val Arkoosh and Vice Chair  Ken Lawrence of the Montgomery County Board of Commissioners. They  wrote to me to tell me how residents in Montgomery County are alarmed  by what is happening in this tax bill. They are extremely concerned  about the fate of the State and local tax deductions. Without SALT,  taxpayers are going to be feel an extreme tax hike. They are extremely  concerned about the fate of the State and local tax deductions because  this will have an extreme impact on local government.   That is just not right, Mr. Speaker.   Just the other day, I spoke with local labor leaders who expressed  their great concerns on this tax scam. Mr. Speaker, that is true, it is  a tax scam. It is something where jobs will continue to go overseas,  not to our communities.   In a district that has 27 percent poverty in the Second Congressional  District, I am truly concerned about the loss of jobs. They are  incredibly fearful of what this plan means to the lives of hardworking  families across our Commonwealth. They know it is going to be too many  of their families who are going to be among those hit the hardest.   Mr. Speaker, remember what I said when I got elected and sworn in. I  said that we need to put people first. This tax scam does not put  people first.   These are the stories, fears, and concerns of real people in our  neighborhood. These are the people we should be concerned with. These  are the people on the front line; people who have serious questions  about the intentions of this tax plan.    What is the Republicans' response?   To push it through for a win. Let me repeat that. To push it through  for a win. That is wrong and unacceptable.   We are in the business of building a stronger tomorrow for our  students, our seniors, our veterans, hardworking families, and all who  call our neighborhoods home.   Instead of taking away more resources from our cities and suburbs, we  should be looking for ways to build, invest, and enhance the existing  infrastructure our cities have to offer to make them what they are, to  attract prospective home buyers and current homeowners. Let me repeat  that. We should be looking for making ways more attractive to  prospective home buyers and current homeowners.   Mr. Speaker, we have a real opportunity here to make a difference.  Again, I am happy to be a part of the Congressional Black Caucus under  Chairman Richmond's leadership, as well as Mr. Veasey, in leading this  effort because this is the kind of effort that we have to raise the  consciousness and convince people they must resist.   We must resist, no matter what they say the numbers are, and keep our  voices loud so that they can hear that we are not accepting what is  taking place here.   Mr. Speaker, I stand here with my colleagues expressing the concern  and the outrage that I have about this tax scam. This is not about the  people. This is about the interest groups. We have a chance to make a  change, Mr. Speaker, and we need to work together.   I said almost 1 year ago on this day, in this well of this House,  that the only way we can move America forward is when we work together.  I don't say that just to be saying it. I say it because that is what I  did when I was in the Pennsylvania Legislature, working together to  make a difference. That is the only way we are going to move the  needle, when people work together.   