 Mr. President, for years, I have been calling on  Democrats and Republicans to work together to improve the healthcare  law. There are some, like me, who recognize the benefits of the  existing healthcare law, as well as the areas that need fixing, and I  have proposed that we partner together to strengthen our healthcare  system.   For the first time, we have legislation in the Senate that has broad  bipartisan support and would improve issues with our healthcare system  by stabilizing the individual marketplace and lowering premiums for  Americans. This is what I have long pushed for. Today, it is more  important than ever that we act to pass this bipartisan legislation. I  would like to take a few minutes to explain why.   Beginning next week, on November 1, millions of Americans, including  Hoosiers, can sign up for healthcare coverage through the individual  marketplace. Unfortunately, as consumers prepare to shop for health  insurance plans, there is uncertainty and instability in the  marketplace and confusion and higher prices for consumers. That wasn't  the case earlier this year, as both public and private analyses showed  that individual marketplaces were relatively stable and improving.   For the last 10 months, though, the administration has worked to make  it harder for Americans to access affordable healthcare and  destabilized the markets. For many months, the administration refused  to commit to continuing important cost-sharing reduction payments that  reduce costs for consumers and, even worse, played politics with these  payments. This culminated with the administration's announcement  earlier this month that it would discontinue cost-sharing reduction  payments. This decision came only weeks before open enrollment.   There is no disputing a simple fact: The administration's actions  created uncertainty for insurers, causing some to significantly raise  rates and others to leave the market altogether. As a result, many  Americans will be forced to pay more for healthcare plans through the  individual marketplace.   For example, CareSource, an insurance company that offers insurance  to Hoosiers through the individual marketplace, told me earlier this  year that rates would rise 2.2 percent if the Federal Government  committed to continuing cost-sharing reduction payments. Because the  administration refused to do so, rates for CareSource plans are on  average now 20 percent higher for Hoosiers than last year.   Centene, the other insurer offering coverage in the marketplace, will  have average rate increases of nearly 36 percent. In addition to higher  rates, it will be harder for Hoosiers to find help enrolling in  healthcare plans because the administration slashed 82 percent of  Navigator Program funding for my home State of Indiana--the deepest cut  of any State in the country.   Consumers also have a shorter period to enroll than in past years.  The administration plans to do maintenance and shut down HealthCare.gov  for 12 hours on all but one Sunday throughout the open enrollment  period.   It does not have to be this way. As I have said for years, there is  another path--a bipartisan path. We should work in a bipartisan manner  to improve our healthcare system, all Americans working together. I  have pressed the administration to commit to providing stability for  health insurance markets and to working together on bipartisan  solutions that reduce healthcare costs and ensure access to quality  medical care.   Over the past several months, I have engaged in bipartisan  conversations in meetings with my colleagues to discuss ways we can  partner together to stabilize our healthcare markets. We have talked to  a range of healthcare experts. There has been a good-faith effort to  find common ground on steps we can take to lower costs for families.  That is what we should be doing.   After participating in this effort, I was pleased that Senators Lamar  Alexander and Patty Murray reached a bipartisan agreement last week. It  makes improvements to our healthcare system and helps reduce costs for  our families.   I am proud to cosponsor this legislation. It continues cost-sharing  reduction payments that reduce consumers' deductibles. It also reduces  copays for two years and restores funding to help Americans navigate  signing up for health insurance. It enables more flexibility for States  without undermining essential health benefits or harming people who  have preexisting conditions.   If this legislation came to a vote today, I am confident it would  receive more than the 60 votes needed to pass in the Senate. It has  wide-ranging support from both Democrats and Republicans. It has  bipartisan support, not only in the Senate but also from Republican and  Democratic Governors all across the country. We have heard from groups,  including the American Medical Association, the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce, and AARP, urging Congress to move forward on this proposal  because it is common sense. It benefits families. It helps stabilize  the insurance markets.   It is our job to protect families from unnecessary increases in the  cost of healthcare, particularly those within our control. We have an  opportunity to do that with the bipartisan Alexander-Murray agreement  that we achieved by working together.   The healthcare debate should not be a political game. The stakes are  way too high for that because healthcare impacts the well-being and the  economic security of millions of Americans.   I have said over and over that the American people expect us to work  together to try and make life a little bit better. At the very least,  we should do no harm. The Alexander-Murray agreement not only provides  relief for families, it actually helps put them in a better place.  There is no doubt we have more work to do, but this proposal is an  important first step. Let's strengthen the healthcare system and make  healthcare more affordable with this bipartisan solution.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.  [[Page S6797]]    The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   