 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Smith, Chairman  Thornberry, Chairman McCain on the Senate side, and Ranking Member  Reid.   It is very important that Congress continue this great tradition of  passing a Defense Authorization Act. This will be the 57th year. My  constituents back home want nothing more than for us to cooperate in a  bipartisan fashion for the good of the country. This bill, H.R. 2810,  does that.   In particular, I would like to thank the Chairman of the Strategic  Forces Subcommittee, Mike Rogers, who has been a great partner, as we  do several very important things:   Number one, modernize our nuclear forces and keep the effort going on  nuclear nonproliferation; we fund critical missile defense needs in the  face of rising threats from North Korea and other countries; we support  U.S.-Israeli missile defense; and we also strengthen, dramatically, our  capabilities in space.   This Defense Authorization bill takes a decisive first step to  address the fragmentation and lack of focus on national security space  issues that the Air Force has shown by reorganizing space within the  Air Force and within the Department of Defense.   While it does not create the Space Corps that we preferred, it  achieves many of the goals that we set out to achieve. Notably, it  consolidates acquisition, operations, and training of space forces  under the Air Force Space Command and eliminates ineffective or  redundant authorities across the Department. Our assets in space,  unfortunately, are increasingly vulnerable to attack. This  reorganization will begin to provide the focus and coordination  necessary to effectively address these growing threats.    I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for his strong leadership in  this effort and for making this a bipartisan process.   I would also like to thank the Deputy Secretary of Defense for his  engagement on this important issue. We will continue to hold the  Department accountable during this transition period.   I am also pleased that the bill begins to counter the vulnerability  of our GPS systems in space which underpin many defense and civilian  systems. We increase the resiliency and alternatives to GPS, including  thinking outside the box, by relying on our allies and perhaps even  exploiting Russian or Chinese signals as a means to deter attack on our  systems.   The conference also dropped restrictions on extending the new START  Treaty, which verifiably limits the number of nuclear weapons that  Russia or the United States can deploy.   The bill, more effectively, holds Russia accountable for violating  the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by imposing increasing  sanctions related to those violations rather than prematurely  nullifying the treaty.   The conference report also encourages a dialogue with Russia and  China to reduce risks of miscalculations that could lead to an  unintended nuclear war in a crisis. Pressuring Russia, while avoiding  an unnecessary nuclear arms race or a precipitous nuclear war, should  be top priorities for our defense in the current, more volatile  environment.   In this context, I support the increased focus on modernizing our  nuclear command and control system, which has been too long over-cost  and delayed.   Finally, the bill ends years of wasteful spending on the unaffordable  and failed MOX project in South Carolina by allowing the Department of  Energy to terminate it and move to a solution at a fraction of the  cost.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill.   