 Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to thank the  gentleman for his leadership on this issue to help save those who have  been trafficked across not only just America, but around the world.   Mr. Speaker, they didn't list her name in the report, and that makes  sense. It all happened before she even reached the age of 16. So to  protect her identity, they called her Tonya.   She ran away from home and ended up living with a man they called  Eddie. Eddie was the stepdad of one of her classmates. Tonya and Eddie  started a relationship. Tonya felt that she really loved him. Eddie  took advantage of that, and he pressured Tonya into a life no child  should have to live.   Tonya was saved in large part by luck. A tip to the police led to  action by the Federal special agent. And now Eddie is behind bars  finishing the second year of his 12-year prison sentence. Meanwhile,  Tonya is just trying to return to a normal life.   Mr. Speaker, I wish I could say this story wasn't true, that these  fictitious names didn't reflect hard reality. I wish I could say it was  isolated. I wish I could say that this type of thing doesn't happen  here in America, but it does.   It repeats itself with different details even more disturbing than  Tonya's story in towns and cities across our Nation. It is not just sex  trafficking. It is forced labor. It is exploitation. It is slavery. And  every single instance cries out against the moral truth written on  every human heart.   Now, the numbers are staggering. 20.9 million people are trafficked  globally. Of that number, over a quarter are children. The majority are  pressed to work for little to no wages. And 4.5 million of these people  are victims of forced sexual exploitation.   Here in America, there were 7,572 cases of human trafficking reported  in 2016. That is an increase of 35 percent over just the year before.  My home State of California is particularly dire. Of all the cases in  the Nation, 1,323 come from California.   Though we need no explanation for why we are passing anti-trafficking  and exploitation legislation today, I think it helps that we understand  the magnitude of this evil.   We have, in this body, voted on 11 bills so far. Today we will vote  on two more by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. Brooks) and the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson). Altogether, these bills address  many aspects of this problem: international trafficking, recording and  transmission of child pornography, abuse uncovered on the U.S. Olympic  teams, the handling of trauma cases in our justice system.   I don't believe that these bills alone will end human trafficking or  exploitation in and of themselves, but they will help. They will help  prevent these crimes, they will help the victims recover, and they will  bring us closer to a world where every person, especially those who  need us most, won't be abused but will be truly loved.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work in this effort.   