 HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely appreciate the  gentleman's great leadership in this, and I am grateful to be able to  speak on this issue of life.   There have been, as mentioned a few moments ago, some 300, plus or  minus, bills sent to the Senate that we have labored here in the House  and worked through, negotiated, duked it out, so to speak, gotten ideas  on the table, worked it out, sent it over to the Senate, only to see  them sit there and do nothing.   Right in the midst of all of that, at the heart of it all, are a  couple of very important bills dealing with the issue of life, which is  important to all of us. I firmly believe, and I know my colleagues do  as well, that all human life at every stage of development is worthy of  protection. I am deeply honored and proud of the fact that this House  has passed a couple of extremely important bills in that regard.   As the gentleman from Colorado just mentioned, H.R. 7, No Taxpayer  Funding for Abortion, by our friend from New Jersey, Chris Smith, and  H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, by Trent Franks  of Arizona,  [[Page H8431]]  are fantastic bills. One basically says that the American taxpayer  should not be footing the bill to end the life of unborn children. It  has been sitting for over 200 days in the Senate without even a debate.   The other says that, after 20 weeks, when an unborn child is capable  of feeling pain, we are not going abort that child in the midst of a  period of time where pain is absolutely scientifically proven to be  felt. Again, that bill is sitting across the way in the Senate Chamber,  and they have not done anything about it whatsoever.   These are important bills. These bills affect lives. Every day that  the Senate does nothing, lives are being lost.   The question is: Where is the Senate?   We all sit here and we wait and we wait and we wait. The time has  come that the Senate has to take ownership of what the American people  elected not only us, but the American people elected them to do, and  that is the job, the task, the platform that we all ran on, and at the  heart of that is the fight, the battle for life.   I am also proud of the fact that the House, in our appropriations  package, defunded Planned Parenthood. This is a promise that we made  the American people after the gruesome discovery of how Planned  Parenthood was selling baby body parts. Again, we just recognize that  life is a gift from God and it is precious and it is to be protected.  It is an inalienable right that we as Members of Congress have the  responsibility to defend those inalienable rights. Obviously, without  the right to life, there, likewise, is no right to liberty, and  certainly no right to the pursuit of happiness.   Again, the question is: Where is the Senate on these issues?   It is time that we join together. Again, I thank my friend for having  this Special Order and calling on the Senate to deal with this 60-vote  threshold that has become an enormous barrier, causing all of us to be  dysfunctional in that which the American people sent us here to do.   Our conservative principles, as well as our whole Nation, rests upon  us advancing these things that the American people sent us here to do,  and at the heart of that is to defend life. I just join in calling on  the Senate to deal with this 60-vote rule and move forward on the  agenda that we are here to do.   Again, I just thank the gentleman for his kindness in allowing me to  speak on this issue, which is important not only to me, but to all of  us; and for his leadership on joining us in having a united voice,  calling our colleagues down the hallway here to do the job that they  were called on to do.   