 Madam President, this is not an amendment to protect  the elderly and disabled. It guts Medicaid's opportunity by going into  a block grant or per capita cut that would sharply cut Federal funding  over time and eliminate the States' flexibility to innovate.   Instead, this proposal only gives States flexibility to make  draconian cuts, leaving millions of seniors and individuals with  disabilities who rely on Medicaid without the access to needed health  care. Instead of the State-Federal partnership that gives States broad  flexibility to run their programs but do so with Federal minimum  standards that are important consumer protections like mental health  parity, early and periodic screening, diagnosis, and testing for  children, and network adequacy protection will go to block grants.   Do you know what happens when there is no more entitlement and you go  to a block grant? You cut the block grant, and before you know it, you  have no Medicaid.   This is not protecting seniors, children, and the disabled. I urge a  ``no'' vote on the amendment.   I raise a point of order that the pending amendment is not germane to  the underlying resolution and therefore violates Section 305(b)(2) of  the Congressional Budget Act of 1974.    Madam President, my amendment is to protect the health  insurance of 11 million low-income men, women, and children who are  currently benefiting from the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion.   This amendment establishes a point of order requiring the CBO to  certify that no legislation increases the overall number of uninsured,  decreases enrollment in Medicaid in expansion States, or increases  State spending on Medicaid.   There are currently 32 States that have expanded Medicaid, half of  those States with Republican Governors. These Republican Governors-- from Louisiana to Nevada, to Arkansas, Iowa, and even my own State of  New Jersey, to name a few--understand that not only is Medicaid  expansion a literal lifesaver to millions of children and families, but  it has resulted in substantial economic growth and budget savings, a  reality that directly contradicts the outcries from Republicans who  seek to destroy Medicaid and strip coverage away from 11 million of the  most vulnerable among us.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' to protect those 11 million  Americans.    Mr. President, how am I recorded?    I am not recorded. No to no protections.   