 Madam President, I want to talk about a matter of life  and death. It is happening, as we speak, in Puerto Rico. I went there  yesterday. I didn't want to have a flyover of the island, but at the  invitation of Governor Rossello, I got into a helicopter so that I  could get up into the mountains and into the areas that have been  closed because people hadn't been able to get there on the roads. That  is what I wanted to see.   We have had colleagues come back and, because of a flyover in a  helicopter, say that they say don't see a lot of damage. Of course not,  because they are flying over parts of towns in which most of the  structures are concrete blocks. But if you get down there on the ground  and go into the structure, then you will see a different story.   First of all, you will smell a different story because the water has  accumulated, and now it is turning to mold and mildew--inhabitable  conditions. But when you get up into the mountains, you see the places  that were cut off. Not until a week ago did they have the roads cleared  so that people could get up there. And as we speak, as of yesterday,  they are still reconstructing the roads so that people can get on these  narrow, winding, little dirt roads that go up through the mountains. So  for 2 and a half weeks, communities have been completely cut off, like  the one that I saw yesterday, Utuado, which is way up in the mountains.   I want to show you some pictures, but I want you to realize that  today is Monday. Next Wednesday will be 4 weeks since the hurricane  hit. Can you imagine going into a State with 3.5 million people and 85  percent of the people do not have electricity? And by the way, these  are our fellow American citizens; they are just in a territory. Can you  imagine going into a State where a month after the hurricane, 50  [[Page S6389]]  percent of the people do not have potable water? It is an absolute  outrage. And I don't think the American people realize what is  happening.   Let me be your eyes by what I saw yesterday. This is a river bottom  in the little town of Utuado. This side of the river is cut off from  this side of the river because the one bridge washed out. If you look  at this structure, the question is, How long is this going to last? It  is tilting to the left. Any major rush of water is going to take out  this section.   I want you to see how creative these people are. It is hard to see at  this distance, but they erected a cable system going over to the other  side. They took the basket of a grocery cart, took the wheels and  handles off, and this is on a pulley, and these guys are pulling it  over here and then they pull it back. This is how people on this side  of the river are getting food and water and medicine if they can't walk  across. This is how people are surviving. If this section of the bridge  goes--and it is just a matter of time--they are going to try to hook up  a cable over here at the top of this riverbank over to the top of this  riverbank and do the same kind of pulley.   Here in the States, on the mainland, if something like this happened,  the Corps of Engineers would be there. We would be rebuilding. The  Department of Transportation would be rebuilding that bridge. These are  our fellow American citizens, and they are going without.   Let me show you another picture. This is the bank of another river.  Let me show you the result. This is what happened. You see this whole  house right behind here. I will show you the church in a minute. I  asked the pastor: Did the people survive? He said that one was trapped  in the house. They were able to get that person out. The others had  already fled. But you can see that with the force of the extra rain and  the water coming down, houses like that are history.   Here is that same section of the river with the church in the  background. The church survived. I talked to the pastor of the church.  Here I am having a conversation with the people who live on this side.  I asked the pastor whether he lost any parishioners. He did not. On the  side of his church, he has a dish, and because he has a generator, he  is the only person in this town who has any kind of communication--in  this case, through the satellite dish for television. Everything else  is being run on generators because there is no electricity. As you  know, these generators are not powerful enough to run air-conditioners;  therefore, the water accumulates. Mold and mildew start to accumulate,  with all the health effects as a result of that.   Does this look like something we would have in this country, or does  this look like a third world country? Do the images in these  photographs bring to mind other Caribbean nations that we have seen  that have been devastated by earthquakes and hurricanes? Think about  what happened to Haiti.   When people go to San Juan--by the way, 85 percent of San Juan is  without power. You see these little pockets, and of course they are  trying to get the generators going in the hospitals for obvious  reasons. They need the generators to go to stations where people are  getting their dialysis treatments. That is obvious. But what about the  wear and tear on the generators and the replacements?   The Governor of Puerto Rico, Governor Rossello, has a very ambitious  schedule: He wants to restore 95 percent of power by the middle of  December. I hope the Governor is right. It has been turned over to the  Army Corps of Engineers to get the electrical grid and structures up  and running. I am afraid it is going to be a lot longer. I asked for  estimates on the immediate needs, especially rebuilding the grid. He  said $4 billion. Are we going to be able to get that for them?   What are going to be the ultimate needs of Puerto Rico? We just heard  the Senator from Texas talk about his State and the estimates that you  heard out of Texas being as much as $100 billion. What about the needs  of Puerto Rico? What about the needs of Florida? What about the needs  of the Virgin Islands?   We have a supplemental coming up, but is that going to take care of  the needs of all of those four areas that have been hit hard? If Texas  is $100 billion, a long-term fix for Puerto Rico may well be $80  billion to $90 billion. And who knows what it is going to be for  Florida and the Virgin Islands. Therefore, are we in this Congress,  with or without the leadership of the White House, going to have the  stomach to help our fellow American citizens? I am sure we are going to  help Texas, and I certainly hope we will help my State of Florida, but  are we willing to help the American citizens in the Virgin Islands and  Puerto Rico? It is not a rosy picture, but we hear some Members of  Congress come back and say they didn't see a lot of damage. It is  people using a pulley they have jerry-rigged across a river to survive  with daily supplies of food and fuel and water. You can't see that from  the air. If you have no power, you have no water, and you have no sewer  systems, then, what you have is chaos.    It has been a month since Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico. The  hospitals are rationing services while they struggle to get the  medicines and the fuel they need to power the generators. The dialysis  centers are struggling to get the water and fuel they need to operate.   Like many, I have written, in this case, to the U.S. Department of  Health and Human Services, to urge the Department to do more to help  these dialysis centers obtain the supplies they need.   I wanted to come to the floor of the Senate, having gotten back very  late last night from Puerto Rico, and tell the Senate that more needs  to be done, and it is going to have to be done for a very long period  of time. We have to do more to ensure that the supplies that are  reaching the island are getting to those who need them.   Remember, things got piled up in the ports in the first week, and  they didn't get out to be distributed. Senator Rubio and I were saying  at the time that it is going to take the U.S. military, which is  uniquely organized and capable of distribution of long logistical  lines. It wasn't until a week after the hurricane that three-star  General Buchanan was put in charge. I met with him and the head of FEMA  down in the Puerto Rico area. Finally, those supplies are getting out.  These are supplies for survival.   We need to pass a disaster relief package that fully funds Puerto  Rico's recovery. We need to provide Puerto Rico with the community  development block grant money that Governor Rossello has requested,  just like we need the CDBGs for Texas and Florida and the Virgin  Islands as well. We need to make Puerto Rico eligible for permanent  work assistance so they can start to rebuild their infrastructure  immediately.   I want to make something fairly clear. There should be absolutely no  ambiguity about what is going on in Puerto Rico. It isn't rosy. It  isn't that you can sit in a comfortable seat in a helicopter looking  down from 1,500 or 2,000 feet on structures that look like they are  intact, when, in fact, the reality on the ground below is completely  different. Certainly, they didn't go up there and see all those bridges  washed out in the mountains. They didn't see people scrambling for  food. They didn't see the Puerto Rican National Guard rebuilding that  little narrow dirt road winding along the banks of that river. They  didn't see or walk into the buildings where you would almost be  overwhelmed with the smells--the smells, particularly, of mold and  mildew.   People have died as a result of this hurricane. People have died  because of the lack of supplies and power. Our fellow Americans are  dying, and they desperately need our help.   Ladies and gentlemen of the Senate, I have seen it with my own eyes  on the ground, and I am here to urge this Congress and the  administration that we have to act and act for a very long period of  time.   Our citizens in Puerto Rico need our help. We have the responsibility  to help fellow citizens in need.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   