 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to  7 minutes prior to the vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I thank Chairman Corker for the manner in  which this resolution of ratification has been handled in the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee. It has been handled in a nonpartisan way.  We have had hearings, we have had votes, we have had a lot of  conversations about it, and at last we are going to get a chance to  vote on the ratification. So I come to the floor to speak in support of  this resolution of ratification regarding the Protocol to the North  Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro.   I have been a strong supporter of Montenegro's bid to join NATO. It  will enhance our security, it will strengthen the alliance, and it will  send a strong message of resolve to Russia as it invades its neighbors  and seeks to upend the international order. Montenegro's inclusion in  NATO will have positive repercussions across the continent and will  send an important message of hope to aspirant countries.   Last week, I met with Montenegro's Foreign Minister, and he described  Russia's persistent efforts to weaken support for NATO membership in  Montenegro. Last October, Russia interfered in the Montenegrin  elections.  [[Page S1992]]  There was a plot to assassinate the former Prime Minister of Montenegro  and take over the Montenegrin Parliament. The suspects in that case  scurried back to Moscow, and the Russian authorities refused to turn  them over to the Montenegrins or even make them available for  questioning in Moscow. To this day, Russian-supported NGOs and media  propaganda continue to rail against Montenegro's NATO membership.   Russia does not get a veto over decisions of the alliance. We need to  send a strong message of resolve. This is not an isolated circumstance  with Russia. We have seen how they interfered in our elections. We have  seen what they are doing in Europe today.   We see all these different activities by Russia, and we have to  protect ourselves. One way we protect ourselves is by making our own  decisions as to who should be admitted into NATO. Another is that we  should have an independent commission take a look at what Russia was  doing in their interference with our elections and what they are trying  to do in trying to compromise our democratic system of government. I  think the events that occurred in recent weeks of additional contacts  that Russia made with members of the Trump administration just  underscore the importance for that independent commission to take a  look at what happened.   I stand here today in support of NATO enlargement. The Senate Foreign  Relations Committee recently voted by voice vote in support of this  bid--unanimously, Democrats and Republicans. This is not a partisan  issue. We have had a request from the President to take up this issue.  Nearly all NATO members have approved Montenegro's bid. We are among  the last to ratify, and we must get the job done. Tonight, we can take  a major step forward in that regard.   What is the case for Montenegro's membership? Admission of Montenegro  would mark another important step forward, fully integrating the  Balkans into international institutions that have helped to contribute  to peace and stability over the years in Europe. Croatia and Albania  joined the alliance in 2009 and have been valuable contributors to  accomplishing NATO's objectives since then. I hope that Montenegro's  admission will help them motivate the reforms necessary for other  Balkan countries to join.   Montenegro has made outsized contributions to NATO missions, despite  not being a full member. I understand that in Afghanistan, Montenegro  has rotated 20 percent of its armed forces through the ISAF and the  resolute support missions. Twenty percent of their force--that is a  substantial contribution. It also contributed to the peacekeeping  mission in Kosovo and other NATO missions.   No country outside the alliance gets a veto over who gets to join,  especially Russia. So we must send a strong signal. I urge my  colleagues to pass this resolution and get it to the President so the  President can deposit the instrument of ratification at NATO in support  of Montenegro's bid. I urge my colleagues to support the mission.   I yield back the remainder of my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Tennessee.   