 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak today on behalf of H.R.  2749, the Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2017. I  thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support for Ranking  Member Kuster and myself.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2749 aims to provide the VA with the tools it needs  to correct the persistent problem in contracting. The problem is  improper pass-throughs. An improper pass-through is when a small  business obtains a contract under a set-aside, but gives all or  substantially all of the work to a large company and, nonetheless,  collects profit.   Sometimes multiple companies pass through the work while adding price  markups. This has long been prohibited by law and wastes taxpayer  dollars; but, in practice, agencies have little ability to stop it.   In the VA, veteran-owned and service-disabled veteran-owned small  businesses have special preference to receive contracts, but bad actors  are taking contracts away from law-abiding veteran businessowners who  truly want to perform their work. The committee gets complaints about  this situation nearly every week.   This bill will make every bidder for a VA contract certify that it  will perform the percentage of work the law already requires. The bill  also directs the VA to work with the Office of Inspector General in a  more effective way to find, stop, and, where appropriate, punish the  improper pass-throughs.   H.R. 2749 relies on existing law and fills in gaps in implementation,  but does not create any new bureaucracy.   The solution is long overdue. I strongly urge my colleagues to  support the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join Dr. Dunn and Mr. Panetta  in supporting H.R. 2781, the Ensuring Veteran Enterprise Participation  in Strategic Sourcing Act. This bill and my bill are complementary  legislation.   In addition to the vital healthcare and benefits VA provides to our  veterans, it also awards billions of dollars of contracts annually to  their small businesses. The impact of these contracts to support  livelihoods and create jobs all over our country cannot be overstated.   Just as veteran businessowners must abide by the rules, VA must abide  by the rules and make available to them the contracting opportunities  they have earned. Federal procurement is a very complicated system that  sometimes produces strange outcomes. We must continue to work on that  procurement and make sure that it functions properly.   I strongly urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 2781.   