 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 is a solid,  bipartisan bill, one that garnered unanimous approval in the committee  by voice vote.   I thank my committee colleagues and the entire HPSCI staff for their  collaborative efforts in crafting the measure that we consider here  today.   In the 114th Congress, this committee worked in a similar bipartisan  fashion to pass into law four key pieces of national security  legislation. I am proud of our past legislative accomplishments, which  testify to the virtues of substantive deliberation and reasoned  compromise without needing to compromise the security of the American  people or of our brave servicemembers.   Reflecting on the past year, on Russia's assault on Western  democracies, and on other challenges as well, from everything to  include North Korea's unrelenting pursuit of a strategic nuclear  capability, we owe the American people a deliberate process.   I wish the bill had come to the floor with a rule that allowed  Members to offer amendments. That opportunity is commensurate with the  importance of the intelligence bill and the need for vigorous oversight  of the IC by the whole Congress.   Nonetheless, the manifest shortcomings in the process cannot take  precedence over the imperative of discharging our duty and authorizing  the operations of the intelligence community. On its merits, I urge all  Members to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 3180 today.   The Intelligence Committee oversees some of the most sensitive and  highly classified aspects of U.S. intelligence operations and programs.  The annual Intelligence Authorization Act is the primary means by which  we can guarantee an appropriate balance between our Nation's national  security imperatives and the civil liberties and privacy rights  enshrined in the Constitution.   H.R. 3180 does just that by funding, equipping, and giving policy  direction to the intelligence community and military intelligence  elements of the Defense Department. It sustains support for key  national security priorities and programs, and represents a slight  decrease from the President's budget request from 2018.   This bill features a number of provisions championed by my Democratic  colleagues, some of which redouble the IC's focus on the scope and  nature of the threat, both overt and covert, that Russia poses to our  interests and American political institutions.   H.R. 3180 also mandates public reporting about counterintelligence  and cyber threats against future U.S. elections; bolsters oversight of  our policy guiding counterterrorism actions outside of declared areas  of hostilities; and seeks more information about the executive branch's  process for determining when and to whom to reveal information about  vulnerabilities in computers and networks.   At the same time, and unlike IAAs of years past, this bill omits  problematic language regarding Guantanamo detentions and the role of  the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.   I am less supportive of some elements in this legislation, but the  bill's merits outweigh any misgivings I may have, and I was proud to  cosponsor the bill along with the chairman. Through it, our committee  and the Congress as a whole serves as a guardrail against any excesses,  transgressions or abuses. That has always been a solemn obligation, but  at this uncertain and unprecedented moment in our national life, it  carries even more responsibility for all of us.   So, again, I urge my colleagues today to vote with me to advance the  Intelligence Authorization Act and see that it is enacted into law.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Himes), one of our subcommittee ranking members.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi.)    Madam Speaker, I want to express my agreement with Leader  Pelosi's comments on the continuing need for the appointment of an  independent commission. An independent commission would have the  dedicated focus, the distance from any potential political  interference, and the resources to prepare a report of the caliber that  we saw of the 9/11 Commission. I think that would be a very sound and  important complement to what we are doing in Congress and what Special  Counsel Mueller is doing.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington  (Mr. Heck), my wonderful colleague on the Intelligence Committee.    Madam Speaker, happy birthday.   Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Castro), who will now sing Happy Birthday for you.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Murphy).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Swalwell).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This year's Intelligence Authorization Act was a bipartisan effort,  and I am pleased to vote for it today. With this legislation, we  reaffirm that all of our government's activities, including ones that  are, by necessity, classified, must be maximally effective and bound by  law. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this year's IAA.   I do want to take this opportunity, also, to commend our committee's  outgoing fellow from the Los Alamos National Lab, Phil Tubesing. For 2  years, Phil has worked alongside the entire HPSCI staff, imparting his  scientific expertise about nuclear weapons and the other significant  national security work that our national labs undertake.   Phil, we thank you for your service to the committee and wish you  every success in the future.   Finally, I want to extend a closing word to all of the men and women  of the intelligence community. The work that you do keeps us safe. Your  mission is to speak truth to power, to give policymakers objective,  rigorously vetted and diligently produced intelligence, and you do that  in magnificent fashion. Thank you for your commitment and resolve in  the face of a challenging global threat landscape. With this  legislation, we believe that we provide you with the adequate tools,  authorities, and funding, while making sure that our congressional  oversight remains robust.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   