 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Madam President, I rise today in strong support of the  Countering Iran's Destabilizing Activities Act of 2017, but first I  would like to offer my strongest condemnation of the terrorist attack  allegedly carried out by ISIS this morning in Tehran, which claimed the  lives of 12 people. Attacks on civilians in any corner of the world  must be strongly condemned by the United States, and I offer my  condolences to the people of Iran and the families who lost loved ones  in this latest act of terror.   If anything, these events remind us that the entire Middle East is  increasingly under siege, and the United States and the entire  international community must unite to confront terrorism and extremism  in all of its forms. That means holding governments that continue to  foment, fund, and encourage terrorism accountable.   While the people of Iran suffered a heinous attack today, the  unfortunate reality is that the violence, volatility, and profound  human suffering that imperils the Middle East are all too often linked  back to the Government of Iran. Across the region, this regime  continues to pursue policies that threaten the national security  interests of the United States. It continues to support terrorism and  exert influence through the growing power of proxy actors throughout  the Levant and Yemen. Even as it continues to supply terrorists across  the region with money, weapons, and resources, the people of Iran  continue to suffer under an oppressive regime with absolutely no  respect for basic human rights.   We all know the United States faces a multitude of threats at home  and abroad, from Russia's cyber attack on our elections, to North  Korea's continued belligerence, to new questions about America's  leadership in the world. But even as Congress rightly remains focused  on these challenges, we must not lose sight of Iran's ongoing, ever- growing efforts to exert more control, more power, and more influence  throughout the Middle East. Whether we are talking about an adversary  like Russia or Iran or an international challenge like climate change  or the refugee crisis, we cannot let issues of such importance to our  future be obscured by partisan politics, derailed by divisive tweets,  or lost amid the revelations of our relentless 24-hour news cycle.   I have always believed politics must stop at the water's edge, and I  know many of my colleagues share that principle. That is why there is  such broad bipartisan support for the Countering Iran's Destabilizing  Activities Act. I am pleased to have worked with Senators Corker,  Cardin, and a number of other colleagues on legislation that has earned  the support of nearly 60 cosponsors. We crafted this legislation by  listening to an array of different voices with experience addressing  Iran's destabilizing influence.   But let me be clear. This bill is not--is not--about Iran's nuclear  program. This bill is not about the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.  With the regime's tentacles reaching across the region--from its  support of a Shia proxy network in Iraq, to its growing influence in  Afghanistan, to its continued sponsorship of terrorist groups like  Hezbollah and Hamas--we need a strategic approach, one that energizes  our partners in the region and recognizes their capacity to counter  Iran's behavior. That is exactly what the Countering Iran's  Destabilizing Activities Act does.   Our legislation calls on the President of the United States to  develop a regional strategy to counter Iran's asymmetric and  conventional threats across the Middle East. We know that Iran, for  example, continues to develop sophisticated ballistic missile  technologies. They aren't exactly hiding it. Just a few weeks ago, a  semi-official news service for the Iranian Revolutionary Guard  announced it had built a third underground facility dedicated to  ballistic missiles. Iran continues to test launch missiles, some of  which may be capable of reaching Europe or Israel--both critical allies  of the United States. In fact, some of the missiles launched earlier  this year had the words ``Israel must be wiped off the Earth'' etched  on their sides. That is why S. 722 requires the President to impose  sanctions on any person who knowingly engages and materially  contributes in support of Iran's ballistic missiles program.   Some argue that imposing new sanctions on Iran violates the spirit of  the JCPOA, but I would argue that actively building underground  ballistic missile facilities does little to promote good will or the  spirit of the JCPOA in the region.   Beyond its missile program, Iran remains actively engaged in  importing and exporting small and conventional arms to terrorist  proxies around the world and bad actors like North Korea. In January of  this year, the outgoing United Nations Secretary General, Ban Ki-moon,  expressed concern that Iran might have violated an arms embargo by  supplying weapons and missiles to Hezbollah. Yet, not all of Iran's  violations make high-profile news. We know Iran has ramped up its  supply of weapons to the Houthi rebels in Yemen and other proxies  throughout the region. That is why this legislation imposes sanctions  on any individual who knowingly engages in activity that materially  contributes to the supply, sale, or transfer of arms as defined and  established by U.N. standards.   Finally, when it comes to human rights, some try to paint a pretty  picture of reform in Iran, but a closer look reveals chilling and  deplorable human rights abuses. According to Human Rights Watch, by  October of last year, Iran had executed more than 250 people--that is 1  person sent to death every day--and many were executed for nonviolent  drug offenses. That is why our legislation expands the scope of  violations eligible for sanctions, including those behind the  extrajudicial killings of journalists and activists who seek to expose  the oppression of the Iranian people.   Finally, this bill calls for a comprehensive report on Americans who  suffer at the hands of the Iranian regime, including those who have  been unjustly detained and those who have remained missing in Iran for  more than a decade.   In short, this bill is a carefully crafted response to Iran's ongoing  aggression in the Middle East.   Let me turn to a provision that continues to be misrepresented, and  that  [[Page S3306]]  involves the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. The IRGC is officially  responsible for Iran's internal security, with a ground force of about  100,000, but like many other quasi-military-political entities in  undemocratic countries throughout the world, the IRGC holds enormous  influence in Iran's economy and public affairs. On paper, the IRGC Quds  Force is the lead supporter of Iran's terrorist networks around the  world, and the United States has designated it as such, but the reality  is, the IRGC exercises tremendous economic and political power  throughout Iran. It pulls the regime's levers to fund and support  terrorists in the Middle East and beyond. That is why our bill  specifically calls for terrorism-related sanctions on the IRGC, but it  does not--let me repeat--it does not, as some have claimed, label the  IRGC a foreign terrorist organization. We heard the concerns of our  military and intelligence community. Let me repeat. This bill does not  label the IRGC as a foreign terrorist organization. What it does do is  require the President to acknowledge the role the IRGC plays in  supporting terrorism globally.   I know some of my colleagues have expressed concerns as well about  whether this bill gives a green light to the administration's decidedly  confrontational approach to Iran, but that is precisely why Congress  must step up and define our strategy in the Middle East. We need to  look at the big picture here. As the United States and our partners  work to build democratic governance structures--promote tolerance  across the region and protect civilians and refugees living under  siege--Iran remains aligned with Russia and Syria, actively working to  undermine U.S. security interests. Indeed, Putin, Assad, and the  Ayatollah continue to take advantage of the strife that imperils the  region. Meanwhile, the world continues to struggle with extremism, with  mass migration, and with the largest humanitarian crisis since World  War II.   With this administration unable to articulate a clear vision for  American leadership in the world, the time is ripe for Congress to  assert its influence in our foreign policy, to provide guidance and  expertise, and to develop a framework for securing our interests in the  Middle East.   Now is not the time for Congress to turn a blind eye to Iran's  hostile behavior. Now is the time for all of us to demand nothing less  than vigorous oversight, constant vigilance, and strict enforcement of  our entire arsenal of diplomatic tools, including sanctions on Iran.  That is our effort--outside of the nuclear proposal--to make it very  clear that you cannot get a green light to do all of these things just  because you signed on to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. I  think it is important for us to send this message, and when the  appropriate time comes for this vote, I urge my colleagues to support  the measure.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   