 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment, which restructures the way the Federal  Register is distributed to Members' offices, will save approximately $1  million annually.  [[Page H6418]]    The Federal Register contains a large amount of information,  including proposed rules and public notices, regulations, executive  orders, and Presidential documents. This information is compiled by the  great folks at the National Archives, and published daily by the  Government Printing Office, or the GPO.   Since 1994, the GPO began publishing the Federal Register online. To  improve the user experience, the digital version has been enhanced over  time and is now fully searchable and downloadable, and is the preferred  method that staff and Members use the Register, making for quick access  to any document.   Sadly, despite these advances in technology, Members of Congress  still receive printed copies of the Federal Register every day. This  results in thousands of copies going directly into the trash, costing  taxpayers $1 million annually. Put another way, Mr. Chairman, this  means that approximately 96 Americans have to work all year long and  pay their taxes so that we can put these Federal Registers in the  trash.   This amendment simply prevents the distribution of printed copies to  Members' offices, unless the Member opts in to receiving a copy.  Digital copies are already daily distributed.   This amendment is in line with H.R. 195, a bill I introduced, which  passed this House unanimously without any opposition, and was  cosponsored by Mr. Connolly of Virginia.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment so that  we can now make it law.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague from Kansas for  his kind remarks. I also appreciate the colleagues from the other side  of the aisle who have shown continued support for this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   