 Madam President, I ask to speak as in morning business  for up to 5 minutes.    Madam President, I rise today to discuss President  Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch.   As you know, the vacancy exists because last year Supreme Court  Justice Antonin Scalia died suddenly at the age of 79, leaving an  unexpected vacancy on our Nation's highest Court.   As I said at the time of his passing, replacing Justice Scalia, one  of the Court's strongest defenders of our Constitution, would be  extremely difficult. For nearly three decades, with his brilliant legal  mind and animated character, Justice Scalia fiercely fought against  judicial activism and legislating from the bench. To say our next  Justice has big shoes to fill would be an incredible  understatement. That is why the decision was made early on by Leader  McConnell and others to give the American people a voice in this  process, by waiting to confirm the next Justice until the 45th  President was in office and able to nominate someone him or herself. We  held that belief, even when it looked like our party would not win the  Presidency.    As we have been reminded before, elections have consequences. The  American people chose to elect President Trump, who throughout his  campaign said that he would nominate someone in the mold of the late  Justice Scalia. With his pick of Judge Gorsuch, President Trump made an  excellent choice in fulfilling that promise. We believe Judge Gorsuch  espouses the same approach to constitutional interpretation as Justice  Scalia and has a strong understanding of federalism upon which our  country is built.   Because the current makeup of the Court is evenly split between  conservative- and liberal-leaning Justices, this ninth spot is as  important as it has ever been. The next Justice has the potential to  hold incredible influence over the ideological direction of the Court  for a generation to come. The Supreme Court is the final authority for  interpreting Federal laws and the Constitution. It is one of the most  important responsibilities found within our federalism.   Since our very first Supreme Court--Justice James Wilson took the  oath of office in October of 1789--there have been just 112 Justices to  serve on the Court. These lifetime appointments are established under  article III in the Constitution and are the ultimate authority over all  of the Federal courts and State court cases involving Federal law.   Since it was established, the decisions the Supreme Court has made  have guided and altered the course of our Nation. The decisions it  makes often have long-lasting ramifications, that in one vote can  dramatically alter the course of our country. Based on what I know of  Judge Gorsuch, I believe he has the aptitude for this lifetime  appointment. He is greatly respected on both sides of the aisle. In  fact, he was previously confirmed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Tenth Circuit unanimously, and not a single Republican or Democratic  Member of the Senate dissented. As such, we expect the Senate will  continue its tradition of approving highly competent, qualified  individuals to the Supreme Court in an up-or-down vote, following a  thorough vetting process.   I thank President Trump for nominating to the Supreme Court a judge  who has lived up to the Scalia gold standard. I also thank the American  people who voted in November in support of our efforts to retain  Scalia's legacy on the Court when his replacement is confirmed.   Perhaps most importantly, I thank Judge Gorsuch for his lifelong  commitment to defending our Constitution and applying the law as it was  written. If confirmed, I am confident he will be an outstanding member  of the U.S. Supreme Court.   I yield the floor.   