 Mr. Speaker, President Barack Obama, under his executive  powers, established the DACA program which temporarily protected  immigrants who were brought to the U.S. as children from potential  deportation.   Our Nation made a promise to DREAMers that by coming out of the  shadows, following the rules and laws of our great land, they would not  be deported to a foreign country that they never knew or barely  remembered.   DREAMers came to the United States under no volition of their own as  young children, making this country the only home most have ever known.  DREAMers have jobs, pay taxes, and contribute to the prosperity of our  Nation's economy. Since its implementation, the DACA program has added  over 50,000 jobs to our economy. Ninety-three percent of DREAMers are  currently employed.   Over the next decade, DACA beneficiaries are projected to contribute  $460 billion to our Nation's GDP; $24.6 billion in Medicare and Social  Security; and an estimated $2.5 billion annually for State and Federal  contributions.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York.  However, on September 5, President Trump announced he would end DACA  and look to Congress to develop a legislative solution for DACA  recipients.   Well, Congress has a solution. It is H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. We  have heard about it from sea to shining sea. The Dream Act would allow  DREAMers to earn lawful permanent residence with a pathway to  citizenship. It would also give them the opportunity to continue  contributing to their communities by encouraging them to pursue higher  education, work for at least 3 years, or serve in our United States  military.   To qualify under the Dream Act, a person must graduate from high  school, pass a background check, demonstrate proficiency in the English  language, and not have a felony or any other serious crime that could  pose a threat to our country. With the DACA set to expire, now is the  time for Congress to act.   We must bring the Dream Act to the floor for a vote because Congress  has been silent for too long. DREAMers are doing their jobs. What we  ask is that Congress does theirs. It is time for Congress to do its job  and pass the Dream Act without delay.   