 Mr. President, I rise to commemorate an important day for  Utah and the western way of life. Just yesterday, the President signed  an Executive order calling for review of monument designations across  the United States, with a specific focus on two national monuments that  have caused significant damage in my home State of Utah: Bears Ears and  the Grand Staircase-Escalante.   Yesterday's Executive action is the culmination of countless hours of  hard work and close coordination with the White House. When I first  spoke with President Trump in the Oval Office during his first week on  the job, I asked for his help in addressing the Bears Ears debacle.  From day one, our President has been committed to helping us fix this  disaster and ensuring that our smallest counties get a fair shake.   Throughout my Senate service, I have fought to give voice to the  needs of our rural communities in the debate over public lands. Too  often, past Presidents have ignored the concerns of Utah's families in  declaring massive monuments that threaten the western way of life. Too  often, Presidents have abused the authority under the Antiquities Act  to satisfy the demands of an extreme environmental agenda but no more.   Following yesterday's Executive order, I look forward to working with  the Trump administration to address past abuses and restore the  original meaning of the Antiquities Act. The Executive order directs  Secretary of Interior Ryan Zinke to review dozens of national  monuments. This is a welcomed opportunity to set a new precedent for  the responsible use of the Antiquities Act--a precedent that will take  into account the needs of locals and foster greater trust between the  States and the Federal Government as we work toward a shared goal of  preserving our cultural antiquities.   For decades, I have sought to rein in Executive abuse under the  Antiquities Act. That is why I traveled to Bears Ears just last week to  hear firsthand from the local residents and Tribal members who have  been hurt most by this monument designation. That is why, in the  opening days of his Presidency, I met personally with President Trump  in the Oval Office to discuss the public lands issue at length. I made  clear to the President that Utahns have had enough of monument  designations that come down unilaterally with zero support from locals,  State officials, or Congress. Many of my own constituents have had  their lives upended by this abuse of Executive power.    For too long, Utahns--many of whom depend on public lands for their  very livelihood--have been at the mercy of out-of-touch bureaucrats who  have little knowledge or personal connection to the land. President  Obama only made their situation worse when he spurned the men and women  of San Juan County by declaring the Bears Ears National Monument last  December. In doing so, he defied the will of the State legislature, the  Governor, and the entire Utah congressional delegation. President  Obama's last-minute monument designation imposed even greater land use  restrictions on a region that is already predominately controlled by  the Federal Government.   As I have said before, in opposing the Bears Ears National Monument  designation, I am in no way opposing the protection of lands that need  to be protected. Indeed, there are many cultural sites in Utah that  warrant preservation, and I am committed to working with the President  and with Congress to protect those sacred places for future  generations. But as I have also said previously, I believe that it is  both unlawful and undemocratic for any President to seize millions upon  millions of acres of land through the Antiquities Act--a law that was  geared to give the President only narrow authority to designate special  landmarks, such as a unique national arch or the site of old cliff  dwellings.   We desperately need a new process for creating national monuments.  Congress and impacted local communities, not the President alone,  should have a say in decisions that restrict access to millions of  acres of federally owned land. In making such decisions, the voice of  the people is paramount.   Let me be clear: Abusing the Antiquities Act at the expense of local  communities is not a sustainable public lands strategy. This strategy  is counterintuitive because it puts Antiquities Act authority at great  risk. The Antiquities Act was designed to provide specific protections  for objects of antiquity, but out West, particularly in Utah, the law  has become synonymous with land grabs and Federal overreach.   Restoring the legitimacy of Antiquities Act authority in the eyes of  westerners requires a more measured approach to monument designations,  an approach that takes into account the needs of locals and restores  trust between States and the Federal Government.   To be clear, I have no objection when Presidents use the Antiquities  Act according to its original purpose, which was to protect cultural  antiquities by designating the minimum acreage necessary. Take, for  example, the great State of Washington, which is home to several  national monuments that were created in line with the law's original  intent. The State's beautiful San Juan Islands cover only 970 acres,  while the Hanford Reach encompasses 195,000 acres. At first glance,  this amount of acreage may seem large, but compared to Utah's two most  prominent national monuments, it is a tiny speck on the map. In fact,  the total acreage of the San Juan Islands and Hanford Reach combined is  only 6 percent of the size of Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante  National Monuments.   In the State of Washington, Presidents have used the Antiquities Act  within reason. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for my home State  of Utah, where Presidents have repeatedly abused their authority under  the law to declare eight national monuments that together span more  than 3.3 million acres. In Utah, national monuments cover roughly 10  percent of all Federal land in a State where 67 percent of the land is  already owned and dominated by the Federal Government. By contrast,  only 28 percent of the land in the State of Washington is owned by the  Federal Government. Of that Federal land, only 1.6 percent is locked  away as a national monument. It is no wonder, then, that Utahns feel  more threatened by the Antiquities Act than Washingtonians. This is a  law that past Presidents have brandished as a weapon to cut up entire  sections of our State.   This is far from the first time I have taken to the floor to speak  out against Antiquities Act abuse. It certainly won't be the last. But  I am encouraged by yesterday's Executive order with President Trump and  Secretary Zinke  [[Page S2599]]  on our side. I believe we can plot a path forward to correct past  abuses and forge a new precedent for future monument designations.   The President's Executive action signifies a critical milestone in  the effort to include local voices in the management of our public  lands. As the Trump administration reviews various national monuments,  we must replace the top-down approach of past administrations with a  grassroots strategy that engages local leaders, State officials, and  Members of Congress in the decision-making process. Bringing all  stakeholders to the table is essential to establish a new precedent  that will undo the decades of abuse we have endured under, I think,  false interpretations of the Antiquities Act.   I am eager to continue working with the President and the Secretary  of the Interior to preserve our Nation's cultural treasures in a way  that honors the original meaning of the Antiquities Act. I am likewise  eager to involve locals in that process. With all parties working  together, I firmly believe we can restore a relationship of trust  between the States and the Federal Government in the management of  public lands.   I am grateful for a President who is willing to work with us to reset  the status quo. Better than any of his predecessors, President Trump  understands the lasting damage wrought by past Presidents under the  Antiquities Act. Indeed, in all my years of public service, I have  never seen a President so committed to reining in the Federal  Government and so eager to address the problems caused by these  overreaching monument designations.   I wish to thank President Trump and Secretary Zinke for taking  concrete steps to rein in abuse through yesterday's Executive order.   I also wish to thank the President's Chief of Staff, Reince Priebus,  who helped make yesterday's victory possible. Reince has done  exceptionally well in one of the toughest jobs in all of Washington.  The President is lucky to have Reince in the White House. I am lucky to  call him a friend.   I also wish to thank my former chief of staff, Ron Porter, who is now  a special assistant to the President and the Staff Secretary at the  White House. Rob is an invaluable asset to the President's team and  ours as well. Without him, yesterday's Executive order would never have  come to fruition, at least in my opinion. Rob was among the finest men  ever to serve as my chief of staff. I have enjoyed watching him succeed  at the White House.   Yesterday we took a meaningful first step to fix past abuses under  the Antiquities Act. Yet there is still much work to be done, and I  look forward to working with the White House every step of the way.   With that, I am grateful for all those who have participated in  helping us to right the wrongs that have been going on for far too  long, as some of the Presidents have played pure politics with public  lands at the expense of the States involved, especially my State. It is  easy to pick on a State that is 67 percent owned by the Federal  Government and up to well over 70 percent owned by the Federal and  State governments. It is easy to pick on these States--a small State  indeed. But our State is resilient. We have some of the better people  in Congress, and we also have the ability to be able to raise all kinds  of hell here.   All I can say is that I just want my State treated fairly. I want to  make sure the bureaucrats here in Washington don't walk all over the  West because they think they can because of the wide expanses of  territory and the many, many other aspects of the Western States that  make them vulnerable to this type of inappropriate activity.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   