 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong  support of H.J. Res. 67, a resolution which will protect individual  savers for their retirement and small business retirement plans.   I was proud to introduce this resolution to affirm the bipartisan  protections the ERISA law has afforded workers and retirees for  decades. ERISA offers important legal safeguards so workers and  retirees will receive their hard-earned savings.   We need Federal Government policies that will empower workers to save  for their retirement and incentivize small businesses to offer 401(k)  plans to their employees.   H.J. Res. 67 preserves these policies and protections, and will  terminate the defective efforts instituted in the last hours of the  recent administration, in which they implemented regulatory loopholes  to replace private savings for retirement with sweetheart deals for  city- and State-run programs with fewer protections and lower  standards.   The California folks that are in charge of this stuff were quoted in  an article in a national publication in the spring, gloating about  their exciting win, and that it ``would have no liability or fiduciary  duty for the plan. . . . We have been given the green light. . . . ''   The regulation we are terminating here would restrict our hardworking  savers from deciding what they can invest in. They will be required to  blindly entrust their hard-earned money to State and local bureaucrats  unless they affirmatively opt out.  [[Page H1219]]    The government will decide what investment options will be available  to them. There is a serious risk of political or social investing by  these bureaucrats instead of individual investor-based decisions.   Worst of all, the regulation which we are abolishing would undermine  the very successful 401(k) retirement savings program. Due to 401(k)'s  and related defined-contribution plans, savings have gone from $7.8  billion to over $25 billion in about 20 years. It has been a huge  success.   We should be encouraging Americans and private companies to privately  invest in 401(k) plans, which offer three distinct advantages:   The contribution amount to a 401(k) plan is three times what can be  put in an IRA.   Employers match contributions. Many companies match 1 for 1 up to 4  percent of what the employee puts in. That is a powerful incentive for  the employee to save.   The last thing is, 401(k) plans are protected by the ERISA law. They  ensure that workers' savings are secure.   Furthermore, some 57 million Americans currently participate in  privately funded IRAs.   In the end, the regulations which we are abolishing were just another  Big Government mandate to crowd out the private sector. These  resolutions will put an end to the Obama administration's sweetheart  deal, and will ensure that private sector workers continue to receive  strong protections as they save for their retirement.   This resolution will block the chance for cities and States to get  their hands on our friends' and our employees' retirement savings.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to protect retirement savers today  by voting in favor of H.J. Res. 67.   