 Mr. President, I oppose changing the law to allow a  recently retired general to serve as Secretary of Defense. While I  admire Gen, Mattis and I am grateful for his decades of service to our  Nation, I believe that, except in a national emergency, we should abide  by the longstanding principle of civilian control of the military  enshrined in the National Security Act.   Civilian control of the military is a fundamental tenet of our  American democracy. It was in Annapolis, MD that General George  Washington resigned his military commission in 1783, after leading the  Continental Army to secure America's independence. Washington believed  that our new Nation could survive only with civilian leadership. Five  years later, Washington returned to serve the Nation, as a civilian, as  our first President. George Washington's example has been embodied in  the statutory requirements of the National Security Act.  [[Page S303]]    George C. Marshall, nominated by President Truman in 1950, was the  only Secretary of Defense for whom Congress enacted an exception. In  enacting the exception for General Marshall, Congress expressly  emphasized that:   ``the authority granted by this Act is not to be construed as  approval by the Congress of continuing appointments of military men to  the office of Secretary of Defense in the future. It is hereby  expressed as the sense of the Congress that after General Marshall  leaves the office of secretary of defense, no additional appointments  of military men to that office shall be approved.''   Congress should not cavalierly disregard the principle of civilian  leadership of our military. I have no doubt that President-Elect Trump  was briefed on the National Security Act's requirement, but chose to  proceed notwithstanding the law and our Nation's tradition. President- Elect Trump's lack of regard for this law and the principle of civilian  control of the military should be a matter of concern.   Our Founders' emphasis on civilian leadership distinguished the young  United States from the other nations of the time. It remains an  important bulwark of our democracy today.   My vote today is not against Gen. Mattis. It is a vote to uphold an  important principle of our American democracy. Should Congress vote to  waive this law at this moment in time, I will review the nomination of  Gen. Mattis on its individual merits.   