 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and the  underlying legislation.   I believe that the purpose of any healthcare legislation should be to  improve the well-being of our Nation's citizens and to allow for access  to quality and affordable health care for all. I think, particularly,  the gentlemen from Massachusetts and Florida ably describe why today's  legislation fails those tests. I would add that it will also jeopardize  the healthcare coverage of over 429,000 Hoosiers currently enrolled in  Indiana's expansion of Medicaid, the Healthy Indiana Plan.   Further, I believe it is disingenuous that, if this bill is  successful, the House will have pushed numerous adverse consequences  until after the next congressional election.   Congress should work to improve the Affordable Care Act. Congress  should work to ensure affordable pharmaceutical products. Congress  should act for the health concerns still facing ordinary Americans. But  today's legislation does no such thing.   I find it unacceptable, and I urge my colleagues to oppose the  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the American Health Care  Act.   I believe that the purpose of any health care legislation should be  to improve the health and well-being of our nation's citizens, and to  allow for access to quality and affordable health care for all.   That is why in the 111th Congress I was proud to support the  Affordable Care Act. As a result of this landmark legislation, 19  million people in the United States now have health insurance coverage  who did not before, and over nine-in-ten individuals in my home state  of Indiana now have health insurance.   Regretfully, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office, the legislation we are considering today will leave  approximately 14 million more Americans without health care insurance  by 2018, and this number will continue to rise to an estimated 24  million by 2026.   I am especially concerned that the American Health Care Act will  jeopardize the health care coverage of the over 429,000 Hoosiers  currently enrolled in Indiana's expansion of Medicaid, also known as  the Healthy Indiana Plan.   Further, I believe it is especially disingenuous that if this bill  passes today, this institution will have pushed the financial cuts to  programs like the Healthy Indiana Plan conveniently until after the  next congressional election.   The Act before us also would negatively impact the health of millions  of women and men who receive the medical services provided by Planned  Parenthood. Additionally, it would not improve the well-being of our  nation's elderly by allowing providers to charge older enrollees up to  five times as much as younger individuals.   Finally, I would note with great concern that a provision was just  added to the American Health Care Act today that would remove the  requirement that insurers cover life-saving, essential health benefits,  including maternal and pediatric services, rehabilitative therapy, and  mental health and substance abuse treatment.   Congress should work to improve the Affordable Care Act and address  important health concerns facing ordinary Americans, such as the rising  cost of prescription drugs. But today's bill does no such thing.   It is unacceptable and I urge my colleagues to oppose this  legislation.   