 Mr. Speaker, the regulatory state in America is alive  and well. I wish I could say as much for our economy and our personal  freedoms, but I believe that that is about to change thanks in large  part to the recent Presidential election.   Over the last 8 years, we have replaced a free enterprise system with  a regulatory bureaucracy that has crushed our economy, stifled our  innovation, and quashed the great American spirit.   America has never seen such an onslaught of abusive and burdensome  actions from the fourth branch of government. The cumulative cost of  regulations on our American economy is almost $2 trillion. It costs  almost $60 billion just to enforce all the regulations on the books.   Let me give you, though, an example of a regulation that is far worse  in its effects than just simply economic burden or burden on our  people.   Today, I stand with my friend and great American hero, Sam Johnson,  in strong support of H.J. Res. 40 to strike down the Obama  administration's last-ditch effort to infringe upon our Second  Amendment rights. In the 11th hour, the Obama administration quietly  sneaked in a rule that threatens to deny certain Social Security  beneficiaries their right to purchase a firearm. Federal law makes it a  crime already to possess a firearm if an individual has been  adjudicated as a mental defective or has been committed to a mental  institution. This midnight rule designates Social Security  beneficiaries as having a mental impairment simply because they ask  someone to manage their finances.   Just because an elderly or disabled individual chooses to delegate  their financial responsibilities to another does not make them mentally  incompetent, nor does it waive their right to due process. Many people,  even in this Chamber, are designated to manage the finances of their  parents on Social Security, and they do so because their parents may  prefer not to deal with the complexities of our current financial  environment.   Not only would this proposed rule be a continuation of the Obama  administration's regulatory fiat, it would be irresponsible and  dangerous and a breach of one of our fundamental rights. We cannot  allow the Federal Government to haphazardly restrict our freedoms and  the freedoms of over 4 million law-abiding Americans who would  otherwise be responsible gun owners. In fact, they are some of the most  vulnerable Americans who need to be able to protect themselves.   As noted by the Founders and in the plain language of our  Constitution, the Federal Government shall not infringe upon our right  to keep and bear arms.   