 Madam President, I hear my Democratic colleagues  praising ObamaCare. I had to smile yesterday. I heard a colleague  talking about how ObamaCare was addressing high pharmaceutical costs. I  had to start laughing--and kind of a bitter laugh. Tell that to a  senior who is paying $6,000 for her medicine, which before ObamaCare  passed was a fraction of that.   We hear how great it is that ObamaCare has given so many people  coverage. Say how great that coverage is to someone who has a $6,000  deductible--a $6,000 deductible--who does not have $400 in her checking  account. There is a friend of mine--people don't believe it so I put it  on my Facebook page. He got his quote for him and his wife. They are 60  and 61 years of age. Their premium for 1 year was $39,000, each of them  with $6,000 deductibles. Again, it is on my Facebook page because  otherwise no one would have believed me.   So when people speak about the affordable health care act, I have to  laugh. If this is affordable, what would be unaffordable? We can  clearly do better than this.   I begin this speech by calling into question my Democratic  colleague's defense of ObamaCare, but we can have common ground. I  applauded and still applaud the goals of those who support the  Affordable Care Act. They wish to have coverage for all. Now, that is  important. For over 30 years, I have worked as a physician in a  hospital for the uninsured. My medical practice has been geared toward  bringing coverage, to bringing care to those who otherwise would not  have it.   As I look at this issue, I have to thank them for their motivation  but have to recognize that the Affordable Care Act has not achieved  that in a way which most Americans find affordable. The other thing  about ObamaCare is that it coerces Americans. It takes power from  patients and States and gives it to Washington, DC, coercing the  individual with mandates and penalties, taking away her right to  choose. That is not where the American people wish to be.   I would like to believe Republicans and Democrats can find common  ground. I have introduced a replacement plan that would give States the  power. I am willing to concede, the minority leader believes that  ObamaCare is working just fine in his State of New York. In my plan, we  repeal ObamaCare on a Federal level, but if a State like California or  New York thinks ObamaCare is working for them, God bless them.   Under my plan, a State legislature would have the right to stay on  ObamaCare. So here Congress would pass the legislation giving States  the choice, and the State would either have the option we advance,  which I think is superior--but when Republicans say that you can keep  your health insurance if you wish, and we mean it, we mean it. If a  State decided they wished to stay on ObamaCare, they could or if a  State truly decides they want to have nothing at all to do with any of  this, they can totally opt away from the Medicaid expansion, from any  help for others in their State to purchase insurance, period.   I think this recognizes that if the minority leader wants to claim it  is working in New York, they can keep it, but clearly ObamaCare is not  working in some other States. We can talk about Arizona, where briefly  a county did not have a single insurance company providing insurance  and where premiums increased by as much as 100 percent. We can look at  Louisiana, my State, where that quote I gave earlier--a fellow and his  wife, $39,000 for 1 year's premium.   Clearly, ObamaCare markets are failing there. So let's repeal  ObamaCare, give the States the power, allowing them to choose the  system that will work for them. Now, health care cost is important.  Under our bill, we make health care more affordable by giving the  patient the choice, the power, if you will, of price transparency.  Under ObamaCare, we have seen prices rise out of control. A lack of  price transparency keeps providers from having to compete which takes  away the consumer's power of choice.   You can see this power of choice price transparency. Fifteen years  ago, LASIK surgery cost $1,000 an eye or $875 an eye, with more for  astigmatism. Now you can drive down the street and you see a  billboard--a billboard--that says: LASIK surgery $275 an eye. So over a  period of time, when everything has increased, LASIK surgery has come  down--the power of price transparency.   Another example I like to use is of a woman, a physician, went for  her mammogram. She wanted to pay cash. They talked her out of it. No.  No. No. We don't even know what to charge you.   OK. I won't pay cash.   They billed her insurance company. She later found that if she had  paid cash for her mammogram, it would have cost her $90. As it turns  out, they billed the insurance company $500. Her deductible was $100.  She was actually out $10 because they billed her insurance company. She  should have known that price going into it.   One more example. If a doctor orders a CT scan, the cash price,  according to an LA Times article a few years ago in the Los Angeles  Basin, varied from $250 to $2,500. Unless you are an investigative  reporter for the LA Times, able to call up and get that cash price, you  otherwise would not know. I guess maybe it sometimes helps to have  another example. Would anyone buy a car if they did not know the price  of the car beforehand? Yet that is routinely done with health care.   Under the legislation I and Senator Collins have introduced in the  Senate, and I and Pete Sessions have introduced in the House of  Representatives, people will know what the cash price is. I have found,  working in a hospital for the uninsured, that when you the give the  patient the information and power they need to know to make the better  decisions, you get better outcomes.   By the way, we have been told that Republicans don't have a plan. The  plans I am speaking of now are drafted in legislative language-- legislative language, again, that would repeal ObamaCare, put in price  transparency, and return decisionmaking power to the patient. We should  repeal the individual mandate, repeal the employer mandate, prevent the  Federal Government, the long arm of the Federal Government from  reaching into someone's household, forcing them to do something they  don't wish to do.    There should be an alternative. Under both the World's Greatest  Health Care Plan--the bill I introduced with Pete Sessions--or the  Patient Freedom Act that I have Susan Collins as a cosponsor, we take  all of the money a State would receive had they done the Medicaid  expansion and those eligible to be signed up for the ObamaCare  exchanges, and we give that money to the State to allow them to give  tax credits to those who are eligible.   These tax credits could only be used for health insurance. If the  patient did nothing, she would have a health savings account,  catastrophic policy with a pharmacy benefit. She could use the health  savings account as first-dollar coverage.   Now, under ObamaCare, $6,000 deductible. Under our plan, the patient  has first-dollar coverage, so if her daughter has an earache and she  takes her daughter to the urgent care center, she can cover that visit  with a health savings account that would be funded with this credit.  They also have catastrophic major medical coverage, so if they get in  that car wreck, take them to the emergency room, sky-high pricing, they  are protected from medical bankruptcy.   Under our replacement plan, we also give States the option to say  that if someone in our State is eligible, they are automatically  enrolled. I smile when I say that covers two populations, the person  who may live under a park bench and does not have his life together to  otherwise do it, and the other population would be my 22-year-old son  and those like him, those young folks who never think they are going to  get ill so they never sign up for insurance. Without them being in the  pool, we end up with a sicker pool. That is what has happened with  ObamaCare.   By the way, it would be easy to imagine you could end up with 95  percent enrollment of those eligible should the State decide to go this  way. The timeframe for our replacement would be simple. In year one,  say 2017 Congress  [[Page S91]]  passes the enabling legislation, which in year 2018 allows the State to  choose between these three options; in 2019, the State would implement  the option it chooses; and by the end of 2019, we have made the  transition from repeal to replace, to implementation.   Folks ask: Would I lose my coverage? I am a physician. I am going to  give my perspective: a patient I might see who has breast cancer. She  does not like ObamaCare. She voted for Donald Trump, but she is on the  bubble financially. She is not sure she can afford coverage, but she  has breast cancer. As bad as ObamaCare is, at least she is getting some  care.   Now she is having to put out all this money first, but still she is  getting some care. If we keep her in the prism through which we look at  this problem so that in the transition from ObamaCare to better  coverage she continues to have her therapy, so at the end of this, not  only does she have better coverage, but she has health and recovery  from breast cancer, we have done our job. That is our Republican goal,  to keep our prism as that woman who is vulnerable from a sickness she  has now. In our transition, she does not lose coverage; she merely  moves to better coverage.   I introduced the Patient Freedom Act with 12 Senate cosponsors in  2015 and then again teamed up with Representative Pete Sessions in 2016  to introduce the World's Greatest Health Care Plan. That is truly its  name. Tom Price, our soon-to-be HHS Secretary, first introduced his  Empowering Patients First Act to the House of Representatives in 2014.  Speaker Paul Ryan, Representative Fred Upton, Senators Richard Burr,  and Orrin Hatch have also outlined plans for comprehensive health care  reform.   All of these plans create a new system that returns power of choice  to patients and to States. Simple provisions as I have described such  as health savings accounts, instituting free market values, if we put  them into a replacement plan now, we will quickly have an effect upon  millions. Republicans have worked hard to lay the groundwork to repeal  and replace ObamaCare.   President-elect Trump has said he wants repeal and replace to happen  at the same time. He promised both. We should fulfill both promises.  Our majority leader has said we can do a better job as Republicans  covering more people. We have the principles, the ideas, and the plans  ready to go so let's put them to use. We owe it to the American people  to carry out that replacement now with a smooth transition so the  insured population can grow without anyone losing coverage in the  process.   Republicans are committed to creating and passing effective health  care legislation to replace ObamaCare and to bring real coverage to all  Americans. Now is the time to do so.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Utah.   