 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of providing a  waiver permitting the nomination of General James Mattis to the Office  of Secretary of Defense.   General Mattis is an exceptional warrior, strategist, and leader. At  a time in which the United States faces an increasingly diverse array  of threats around the globe, his unique skill set and decades of  experience render him worthy of this exceptional legislation.   Civilian control of the military is a foundational underpinning of  our system of government, and it is one of General Mattis' nomination  strengths, not weaknesses.   Just as every one is a civilian before they join the military, they  return to civilian life when they leave it. Since becoming a civilian  3\1/2\ years ago, General Mattis has thoughtfully analyzed the  civilian-military relationship, coediting an analysis of the state of  civilian-military relations today. This work includes recommendations  that aim to, in his words: ``Ensure our military are braided tightly to  our broader society in a manner that will keep alive our experiment in  democracy.''   Throughout his distinguished career, General Mattis has demonstrated  a mastery of all aspects of American leadership on the global stage. He  has a keen grasp of the value of diplomacy and has been a strong  supporter of the State Department and its valuable mission.   Throughout his decades of service, he has accumulated a deep  understanding of the importance of deterrence and how a well-guarded  peace can prevent conflict before it begins. As a seasoned strategic  thinker, he has been an incisive critic of current and serious, long- term planning for American national security that hasn't really  existed.   General Mattis knows firsthand the reality of combat and the stakes  involved in any decision to use military force. The United States needs  a Secretary of Defense equipped to use every tool necessary to defend  our Nation and defeat our adversaries.   Because of General Mattis' unique capabilities to address the  multitude of threats our country faces today, I urge all my colleagues  to support this legislation.   