 I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, first and foremost, I want to thank Chairman Roe and the  House Committee on Veterans' Affairs for their work on this legislation  and their focus on reforming the VA. I know they and the Secretary are  all committed to making sure our veterans get the best--and only the  best--no excuses.   The Department of Veterans Affairs has an honorable task to care for  and heal our veterans. We made a promise in this country that, if you  serve, your fellow citizens will take care of you. That is through the  employees of the VA that we as a nation fulfill the promise. It is for  this reason that we cannot accept the failures and backlogs in our  veterans' programs.   We all know that there are thousands of great employees at the VA who  consider their duty to care for the veterans as much bigger than just a  job. But the few bad apples are spoiling the whole barrel.   We know how this works. You can have an office or a team committed to  doing the best job possible. But when one isn't pulling their weight;  when somebody is breaking the rules and getting away with it; when bad  people get transferred or promoted, instead of fired; that totally  destroys the whole organization. It undermines morale, makes the team  ineffective, and allows for failures to continue or get worse. Failures  at the VA have life-or-death consequences.   This has happened for years--years, where a person who was jailed got  leave to serve time and then returned to the VA; years, where an  employee showed up drunk to work and participated in a surgery; years,  where a psychiatrist watched deeply inappropriate videos with a veteran  in the room; and after years of all this and none of them getting  fired, the good employees become dispirited, the culture of the VA will  decline, and too many of our veterans receive low-quality care, if they  can get care at all.   Mr. Speaker, the VA is steeped in a culture of ambivalence, coupled  with a lack of accountability, and our veterans suffer as a result.  Fixing the culture at the VA requires us to acknowledge the great work  of the many, without leaving them tainted with the incompetence and  scandal of the few. It requires removing the bad apples.   So I am glad that we are finally sending this bill to the President's  desk. The House passed a similar bill in 2015, but the Senate did not  act. We passed another in the new Congress earlier this year.   Now that our Senate counterparts have voted, we will take our final  step today to send this legislation to the President's desk. Once  President Trump signs this into law, I predict we will begin to see the  culture change at the VA and our veterans will get the care we promised  them and they deserve.   