 Mr. President, I appreciate the comments just delivered  by my colleague from Washington State. Our two States are roughly the  same size. They have similar amounts of coastline. We have citizens who  share a lot of perspective on the country and that may be apparent in  the comments I am about to make.   Mr. President, from our earliest days, long before the Founding  Fathers gathered in Philadelphia to declare that 13 disparate colonies  were united and ``absolved from all allegiance to the British Crown''  and long before they sought to ``form a more perfect Union,'' our  streams, our rivers, and our lakes have been the economic lifeblood of  our Nation. They have supported commerce and trade, fishing and  agriculture. They have facilitated the ability to travel the vastness  of this continent. They have sustained our growing communities and  served as critical resources for public health.   It is no wonder, then, that generations of Americans have worked  incredibly hard to protect these natural resources to keep them clean  and safe. That is why here, in the Senate and in the House, in 1972, we  passed the Clean Water Act that formed the foundation for our Nation's  water regulations. It is why, 2 years later, the House and Senate  developed and passed the Safe Drinking Water Act, to make sure that  public drinking water supplies are safe throughout the Nation.   I recall the impact of these acts in my home State of Oregon. The  Klamath River was considered extraordinarily polluted. You could boat  down it and see pipes dumping into it at regular intervals. Then, over  time, as the State worked hard to identify those pipes, remove those  pipes, and make sure that all pollution went through water treatment,  the river got better. It got healthier.   Now, it is not without its problems. Its problems still exist. There  is still nonpoint pollution that affects life in the stream. But it is  a far more beautiful and far healthier river than it was before we  passed the Clean Water Act.   We have proceeded to be fairly fierce about our enforcement. We have  prosecuted polluters who have bypassed the law and dumped the results  of their processes directly into our streams and our waterways. We have  worked to protect wetlands, and we have worked to protect estuaries,  understanding more and more about the role these various bodies of  water play in our economy and play in our natural system and making  sure they can continue to play that role so that we have a sustainable  environment, one that is not at war with our economy.   We have made the two work very well together, and we have  accomplished all this through the debate and dialogue that we have had  in the Senate and in the House and that the experts have brought to  bear in our committee hearing rooms. We have accomplished it through  the testimony of concerned citizens across the Nation who have  identified one particular problem or another problem and have brought  those challenges to us here in this body, and we have worked to address  them. If you have ever visited a nation that didn't have this kind of  process and seen the intense, incredible pollution of its waterways,  then you know what a difference it makes to have this public process. I  invite you to visit China and see what happens when there is no public  process for taking into account and rectifying the challenges when  industrial waste is simply dumped into our waterways.   We take a lot of pride in protecting our streams, our rivers, and our  lakes. That process has continued over these past years at the  Department of the Interior, where the Office of Surface Mining  Reclamation and Enforcement was working on the stream protection rule.   I am going to show a picture to give some scale to the type of mining  that the Department of the Interior, Office of Surface Mining  Reclamation and Enforcement was trying to address. We see here the  little tiny tractor. This is actually a massive tractor dwarfed by the  scale of this massive mine. Indeed, in many cases, the entire top of  the mountain is blown off to get at the coal seams underneath. In the  process, a tremendous amount of rock debris is created and a tremendous  amount of fracturing that can lead to water that moves through the  water table eventually finds its way into streams.   The goal has been to find a way that this type of mining can be done  in respectful balance with the streams that are further down the  mountainside. That is the challenge, and it wasn't easy to address.  That is why this rule has been under development for 7 years, from 2009  right up through December of 2016--virtually the entire length of the  Obama administration. During this period of consideration, there have  been multiple reiterations of what the rule could look like and  [[Page S573]]  what actually works in the real world, with stakeholder after  stakeholder after stakeholder saying: This is what you have to do to  make it work. The goal was that this type of mining would be done, but  not in a fashion which would destroy the streams. That is why it took  so much hard work to do this.   There were hundreds of hours of meetings, responses to over 114,000  comments on the rule. But here we are in the evening, with little  attention being paid by the vast bulk of Senators spending just a  couple hours and planning to undo this work.   Under the Senate rules under the Congressional Review Act, we have  just 10 hours of debate. Some of that can be yielded back by one side  or the other, so maybe it will only be a few hours of debate. In those  few hours, we hold in our hands the fate of the streams downstream from  this mining. This is the premise: Will they conduct this mining in a  fashion and followup with restoration to protect the streams that will  otherwise be devastatingly impacted?   I am going to say yes. Let's take to heart the 100,000-plus hours of  work or the 114,000 comments and the multitude of meetings over 6  years, the work of professionals who talked to every stakeholder. Let's  take to heart their work and not undo it in just an hour or two here on  the floor.   The Senate works in a way now that, even with something that has such  a profound impact, Senators aren't here listening to each other; thus,  we are not sharing our thoughts back and forth the way the old Senate  used to debate. It is almost in silence that we are undoing or  potentially undoing all of this work. Shouldn't we be celebrating that  so many folks came together to craft a strategy that would not cause  this type of mining to destroy the down-mountain streams?   Let me show an example of what a down-mountain stream looks like.  This is a stream that probably ran blue not too long ago. It now runs  orange. It is full of toxic metals and who knows what. I rather doubt  that any Member of the Senate would volunteer to go and take a cup of  water from this stream and drink it. We can just look at it and know it  is deadly.   So we are trying to keep in place a rule carefully crafted so this  stream--which not so long ago ran blue or ran turquoise or deep green  because it was a natural stream without this devastating pollution-- will stay in that natural state. That is the goal. That is the point of  this rule.   I want to be very clear that the stream protection rule is designed  to enable mining and stream sustainability to go hand-in-hand. Coal  mining is changing in America. It has adopted a number of practices  that have made it safer. Machinery has also gotten bigger in ways that  mean far fewer people are employed in it. It is also changing because  the economies of the energy market are changing. We see that natural  gas prices have dropped so low that many utilities are shutting down  their coal plants and they are opening up natural gas plants or they  are investing in wind or solar renewables. But we need to recognize  that for 150 years coal mining families have worked incredibly hard, at  great personal risk to their health, to put meals on their tables and  to provide power to our Nation. So let's have this conversation about  protecting our streams with a full respect for the mining economy and  the families that have put their lives at stake and worked to put food  on the table.   There is no reason we can't do what we have done in so many other  parts of our economy to make the industrial process or the  manufacturing process or the mining process be one that works in  harmony with our environment, instead of at odds with the environment.  That is the goal of the stream protection rule. It updates our 30-year- old coal mining regulations to better reflect the industry as it is  today, in 2017.   The fact is, we know a great deal more about the impacts of various  coal mining processes on both the people and communities and  environment--much more now than we did when most of the regulations  were put together decades ago. We know that when we use explosives to  blast the summit of a mountain as is done in mountaintop removal,  everything gets blasted up into the air and pushed down into the  valleys where it ends up in rivers and streams. What is the result of  that? If that newly blasted rock doesn't block the flow of the river  and streams entirely, it is still in constant contact with them,  leaching out pollutants into the water, and those pollutants include  things like heavy metals and other toxics that pose enormous threats to  the region's fish and to the plants and to the animals and, yes, even  to the people who live downstream. There are pollutants like selenium,  a metalloid that is toxic to fish even at a very low level, causing  deformities, causing reproductive failures, causing death.   One way to tell the health of a stream is that it has life in it, but  I doubt anyone would come out and say: Last year, I fished here when  this was a blue-green stream, but this year I am not because with one  glance at this stream, you know all the fish are dead.   There are other pollutants like cadmium, a pollutant that is not safe  at any level and has been tied to cancer in humans. So as cadmium goes  down into water, flows into the streams and cities and small towns  further down, it adds to the health risks of the folks living in the  areas.   Waste dumps called valley fills are left in place even when the  mining is completed and the company moves on. We know that the rubble  from mountaintop mining is impacting our streams and waterways because  we have measured it. According to the Environmental Protection Agency's  statistics, valley fills from mountaintop removal are responsible for  burying 2,000 miles of vital Appalachian headwater streams. Now, 2,000  miles is a lot of streams. Picture 2,000 miles of a blue-green stream  reduced not just to a toxic red stream but to no stream at all because  it has been completely covered and eliminated. That is a lot of fishing  holes that are gone forever.   In addition to that, we know the fish populations downstream have  been reduced by two-thirds from the places where mountaintop removal is  occurring.   We know that communities nearby are contending with contaminated  drinking water and that babies are being born with higher rates of  birth defects. I think about the birth of my two children. Like every  parent, we pray and hope that the child is going to be born free of  birth defects.   So this rule is about something very close to our hearts. For some,  it is the beauty of natural streams. For some, it is the opportunity to  fish and see wonderful natural places. But for others, it comes  straight to the question of whether their children are going to be born  with birth defects. At the other end of life, we see downstream  elevated levels of lung cancer, elevated levels of heart disease,  elevated levels of kidney disease, elevated levels of hypertension.   So I ask: Is it right that here, in the dark of night, with just a  few hours of discussion and virtually no one here in the Senate  Chamber, we are going to undo 7 years of work designed to reduce birth  defects, reduce lung cancer, reduce heart disease, reduce kidney  disease, reduce hypertension, reduce contaminated drinking water?   In just a few short hours, we will be making a decision that will  result in an impact on thousands of people, as well as thousands of  miles of streams. The stream protection rule is pretty straightforward  in its design. I will give a few details about what it is intended to  do.   One is that it improves construction standards for waste piles. What  is a waste pile? Well, it is pretty much what it sounds like. It is a  pile built from accumulated rock waste that is removed when you do  mountaintop mining. Why do we need to improve their construction?  Because these piles grow to enormous size. They can involve millions  and millions of tons of rock and debris. Over time, erosion in the soil  around them can create dangerous, unstable slopes that can eventually  produce landslides. So how you design it matters. These coal piles can  have high levels of coal dust or hydrocarbons. And then there is the  acid rock drainage. As water comes down in rain and it percolates down  through these, it ends up seeping out into the groundwater or into the  stream and poisoning the groundwater or poisoning the stream.  [[Page S574]]    That is why it matters how you have a construction standard for a  waste pile. Isn't it smart to have such a standard in place and one  that has been developed over hundreds of meetings over 6 years so that  mining is much more compatible with clean streams and healthy people?   Another thing this rule does is it enhances restoration by  strengthening bonding requirements. It is not unknown, unfortunately,  that coal miners would just abandon the mine once their operations were  finished, leaving all sorts of undone business that adds to the  enormous contamination that even a small amount of mining can do.   In 1977, Congress passed a law saying that miners needed to restore  the land after their mining operation was completed and that they  needed to provide a bond up front to pay for the cleanup cost just in  case the company decided it didn't want to follow through on the  cleanup after it completed extracting the coal. Strengthening that and  making sure the bonding process actually works right, that the bond is  actually there to do the cleanup, makes a lot of sense.   Years ago, I was immersed in first developing housing with Habitat  for Humanity and then building affordable multiplexes for a nonprofit,  Human Solutions. Companies that were being paid to do their work had a  construction bond. The bond made sure that if the company somehow  disappeared in the middle of the night, the work was going to get done.  That bond was very important to the nonprofit, that what they were  investing in--the payments they made were actually going to result in  what was contracted to be delivered. That is the same thing here. A  company that comes in and says: We got permission to mine--it is saying  to the public, with a good bonding system, yes, you can be confident  that the cleanup work will be done. That needed to be strengthened  because often it is not done. That is another piece of this puzzle.   Then there is another piece that is related to coal slurry and  reducing the odds of coal slurry causing a lot of damage. Coal slurry  is liquid waste generated when mined coal is washed off. You have a lot  of water that is thickened with debris from washing the coal, and it  can be held in a basin, but if the walls of that basin fail and that  coal slurry gets into the streams, it does massive damage.   That transpired in Martin County, KY, 16 years ago. An estimated 306  million gallons of slurry spilled into two tributaries of the Tug Fork  River. How much is 306 million gallons? It is a lot of swimming pools,  almost more than you can imagine. Another way to look at it is it is 30  times larger than the Exxon Valdez oilspill, one of the worst  environmental disasters ever.   There it is. It was a big, massive pond that spilled into the forests  and into the rivers in that situation in Martin County. Overnight, one  of the tributaries, the Coldwater Fork, a 10-foot-wide stream, became  100 yards of slurry. In some places, the spill was over 5 feet deep. It  spread out and covered people's yards on the banks. Hundreds of miles  of the Big Sandy River were polluted as a result as the stuff washed  down the stream. The Ohio River was polluted. The water supply for  27,000 people was contaminated.   It is not that it has just happened once; it has happened other  times. It happened in Buffalo Creek Hollow, WV, in 1972. In that case,  it was 132 million gallons of slurry. That is about a third of the size  of the other spills, so I guess you could say that instead of being 30  times Exxon Valdez, it was only 10 times Exxon Valdez. But it did a lot  of damage. It created a wave going downstream that was 30 feet high.  Can you imagine how much material is required to create a wave of--a  flash flood of coal slurry 30 feet high? This didn't happen away from  human civilization; this wave of coal slurry killed 125 people. This  wave of toxic coal slurry hit and injured over 1,000 more people--1,121  more people. It left 4,000 people homeless, wiped out their homes and  their towns.   That is the type of damage that can occur, so why not have a rule  that has looked at how these ponds are created and said, here is a  standard so that the pond is not overloaded or overtopped or the wall  does not collapse and cause a tidal wave that will kill more than 100  people or injure more than 1,000 or leave 4,000 people homeless. Having  a standard is the logical thing to do. It helps the companies because  then they know exactly what they need to do to make that pond safe.   Those are some examples of what is in this rule.   I think it is important to understand another factor. This rule  requires careful mapping before the mining is done so that the  restoration process can be held accountable to restore the contours  that existed previously, or as close as you can get. Without an  understanding of what the land looked like beforehand, it is hard to  say what it should look like when it is restored.   Those are commonsense measures. That is it. Common sense. Common  standards for safety, for protection of the streams and the wildlife  and the people. Isn't that what we should be all about? Shouldn't we  not be undoing that, as we will be in a couple of hours, in a deserted  Senate Chamber in the middle of the night? That is wrong.   If you want to change these standards--and I say this to my  colleagues, and I know many do care a great deal about the  environment--then have the courage to do it in daylight. Have the  courage to do it in a committee. Have the courage to invite the public  in to testify. But here we are tonight, hiding from the population  across America, undoing this important work for the safety of our  people. That is wrong.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my science  fellow, Christy Veeder, be allowed the privileges of the floor.   