 Mr. Speaker, I am almost tempted to continue to yield  time to my friend from the other side of the aisle. Just keep driving  the expectations of any tax relief further and further into the ground,  and I think people are going to be surprised and delighted with  ultimately what the House ends up considering.   Mr. Speaker, this is why I am here. This is a prelude to tax reform.  We vote on this. We then make it so that no single political party is  able to deny a vote on tax reform, and both parties can come to the  table and try and negotiate something that is thoughtful, because here  is what we know: it is the current Tax Code that is benefiting people  that everybody is scandalized that they are benefiting. It is the  current Tax Code that allows corporations to lock trillions of dollars  offshore. It is the current Tax Code that is really stifling and so  difficult. And it is the current Tax Code that nobody can defend. There  is not a single person on this floor that is going to say: Oh, the  Internal Revenue Code? I love that, Mr. Speaker. Just leave it the way  it is. It is a disaster, and nobody likes the IRS.   So rather than moaning and groaning and having posters and this and  that, let's do this: let's dump the current Tax Code and let's have a  transformational moment. Mr. Speaker, that is what our country and our  constituents are yearning for, not old bumper stickers, not old shabby  phrases from the past, but they are looking for us to lead and to bring  people together, and that is what we are trying to do.   There is a meddlesome issue that affects my district as a high tax  State, and it affects a lot of other folks, and that is how we deal  with State and local tax deductibility. I am of the view that tax  reform does not mean simply the redistribution of a tax liability from  one part of the country to another, but it means tax relief for  everybody.   Mr. Speaker, I think what we are looking for is to create middle  class tax relief. And if the gentleman's expectations are that low, I  think he is going to be pleased with what we ultimately are able to  come up with.   Mr. Speaker, I urge an ``aye'' vote. I thank the gentlewoman for the  time, and I look forward to passing this resolution and moving forward  to changing our Tax Code.   