 My colleagues, I rise to urge our colleagues  in the House to support this resolution, and let me tell you why.   This provides Congress with the legislative tools that we need to  repeal and replace ObamaCare. This is a critical first step toward  delivering relief to Americans who are struggling under this law.   In the weeks ahead, several steps will be taken to provide relief.  Some steps will be taken by this body. Some steps will be taken by the  new administration, including, after he is confirmed as HHS Secretary,  our own colleague from Georgia (Mr. Price).  [[Page H501]]    Our goal is a truly patient-centered system, which means more options  to choose from, lower costs, and greater control over your coverage.  And as we work to get there, we will make sure that there is a stable  transition period so that people don't have the rug pulled out from  under them; so that this will be a thoughtful, step-by-step process,  and we welcome ideas from both sides of the aisle.   But today, I can't help but think back to, when we were debating this  law in 2010, what was said at the time. I was a member of the minority  then. I stood right here and pleaded with the majority not to do this.  Don't take something so personal like your health care and subject it  to a Big Government experiment. Don't do something so arrogant and so  contrary to our founding principles.   But they pushed it all the way through, making all kinds of promises.  People were promised that their premiums would go down, but, instead,  they are skyrocketing. Look at the new premium increases announced just  this year: Kansas, 42 percent increase in their premiums; Illinois, 43  percent; Pennsylvania, 53 percent; Nebraska, 51 percent; Alabama, 58  percent; Minnesota, 59 percent; Tennessee, 63 percent increase in  premiums; Oklahoma, 69 percent increase this year in premiums; Arizona,  116 percent increase in their premiums.   People were promised: if you like your plan, you can keep it. Well,  guess what? That was rated the lie of the year that year. People lost  their plans.   People were promised all sorts of choices. You will have all these  great menus of choices to choose from. A third of all the counties in  America today, you get one choice. Five whole States, one insurer. If  you have one choice, that is not a choice, that is a monopoly.   My colleagues, this experiment has failed. This law is collapsing  while we speak. We have to step in before things get worse. This is  nothing short of a rescue mission.   By taking this step today, we are doing what is right. We are  stepping in and stopping the collapse from doing more harm to the  working families of America, to bring the kind of relief and bring the  kind of solutions that we need to really achieve the noble goal here.   Everyone in America should have access to affordable health care,  including people with preexisting conditions. This is what we want to  achieve, but that is not what is happening under ObamaCare. The law is  collapsing. The insurers are pulling out. People can't afford it. The  deductibles are so high it doesn't even feel like you have got  insurance in the first place.   This is a rescue mission. This is a necessary move, and I urge all of  our colleagues to do what is right because the time is urgent. On top  of this, to my colleagues, we need to keep our promise that we made to  the American people, and this helps us do just that.   