 Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Representative  Cedric Richmond as he takes the helm of the CBC and manages this  exercise tonight; and also Representative Marc Veasey, who will be the  point man for doing these Special Orders.   We are called upon tonight at a critical time in the Nation's  history. We have a new President coming in who is polarizing, divisive,  inexperienced, and immature. He is making some selections for his  appointments, and the Senate has the opportunity to weigh in on those  appointments.   So what is happening is that there are incomplete and missing answers  to the Senate questionnaires that appointees like Senator Jeff  Sessions, who I rise in opposition to, have completed and sent in. This  puts the Office of Government Ethics that vets these candidates at a  severe disadvantage of not having the information that they need in  order to vet these appointees, like Senator Jeff Sessions. They don't  have the information that they need.   So we also have a compressed schedule of nominees to be considered  over the next few days. This, combined with the incomplete answers,  puts us in a position of not having enough information to conduct full,  fair, thorough, and sifting analysis and vetting for the American  people. These are the people who are going to serve them into the  future.   So I am very concerned, especially about a guy like Senator Sessions  who has a history of being opposed to civil rights for certain  Americans. Now, there are those who would say that this took place 30  years ago, all of the things that he said and did prior to becoming a  Senator 20 years ago. Some will say that all of these things that have  been cited about Senator Sessions are 30 years old.   We have to look at what has occurred in the life of Senator Sessions  to make  [[Page H225]]  us think that he has changed. It takes a courageous person like George  Wallace to come forward and say: I was wrong for being a racist. It  takes a strong person like Lee Atwater to say: I was wrong.   Senator Sessions has not said he was wrong. There is nothing that  Senator Sessions has written that says: I apologize for what I did back  then. There is nothing that he said. Certainly his legislative record,  which is only nine bills over the last 20 years--three of which were  ceremonial in nature--there is nothing in that legislation that would  lead us to conclude that he has changed. So he is going to be bad for  the Attorney General's office.   I conclude by asking my Senate colleagues to think carefully about  what you are about to do and say ``no'' to Senator Jeff Sessions.   