 Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare was packed full of  provisions that took power and healthcare choices away from the  American people. One of the most egregious examples of ObamaCare's  overreach is the Independent Payment Advisory Board, IPAB.   The architects of ObamaCare designed the IPAB as a panel of 15  unelected and unaccountable people who were tasked with making  arbitrary cuts to Medicare after a certain level of spending is  reached. Mr. Speaker, the American people elected Congress to make  decisions on healthcare policy, and I know my constituents agree that  Medicare is too important to be left in the hands of unaccountable  people.   The IPAB would take an ax to Medicare spending, adversely affecting  untold numbers of vulnerable seniors, instead of allowing Congress to  implement patient-centered reforms that increase value to seniors and  lowers cost.   The IPAB approach would lead to rationing healthcare, which would put  bureaucrats--bureaucrats, not doctors--in charge of deciding what  procedures folks would receive through Medicare.   Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve thoughtful and deliberative  decisions by their elected officials, and that is why I support  repealing the IPAB, and I ask my colleagues to join me in doing so.    Mr. Speaker, we are here over a month late to  reauthorize CHIP while the families of 9 million children are holding  their breath to see whether their kids are going to have health  insurance. We are bringing this up now because my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle asked us to delay, and, in good faith, we did.   Over 232,000 children in Georgia rely on CHIP for their health  insurance. My constituents are asking why we delayed it. I am sad to  have to tell them that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  decided to delay our efforts to pass the bill out of the Energy and  Commerce Committee, and they then decided to delay bringing the bill to  the floor for a vote.   I would hope that they would have a good reason for these delay  tactics, but the truth is that they opposed a provision that was  requested by President Obama in his fiscal year 2013 through fiscal  year 2017 budgets that has a minor impact on the highest earners under  Medicare.   This is politics at its worst, and I stand here today to say that  enough is enough.   The Energy and Commerce Committee's markup of this bill was stalled  three times because our friends decided to oppose a policy that the  previous administration supported. When the American people tell us  that they are fed up with the partisan politics, this is exactly what  they are talking about.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in putting the  needs of 9 million children above short-term political interests.  [[Page H8406]]        