 Mr. Speaker, at the onset of the Great Recession, our  unemployment insurance system was completely inadequate. Democrats took  the lead, against increasing Republican opposition, to improve the  system and to provide unemployment benefits to Americans who lost their  jobs through no fault of their own. The result was an emergency Federal  unemployment compensation program which helped more than 24 million  people.   Research from a broad array of experts shows these Federal UI  benefits, in combination with State-provided benefits, saved more than  2 million jobs, prevented 1.4 million home foreclosures, and kept an  estimated 5 million Americans out of poverty. In short, a strong  unemployment insurance system helped prevent the Great Recession from  turning into another Great Depression.   Today, our unemployment insurance system is again inadequate and  totally unprepared to respond to a future recession; and once again,  rather than stepping up with solutions, Republicans' answer to working  people is a cold shoulder. Instead of responding to the deterioration  of our unemployment insurance system, Republicans today want to shame  and blame Americans who have lost their jobs through no fault of their  own, while also violating their constitutional rights.   Here are the real problems this legislation completely ignores:   Number one, only one out of every four jobless Americans now receives  unemployment benefits, near a record all-time low.   Two, eight States have cut back on the maximum number of weeks of  benefits available for unemployed workers, including my home State of  Michigan.   Three, the value of UI benefits has declined over time, with 30  States now having maximum UI benefits that are less than half of the  State's average weekly wage.   Four, the triggers for the federally funded Extended Benefits  program, EB, are extremely out of date, so they do not turn on when  unemployment begins to rise significantly.   Five, our Nation's UI system is underfunded, with only 18 States'  funds reaching a minimum level of adequate solvency, according to a  2016 DOL report.   Six, the Federal UI trust funds, which support extended benefits  during downturns in the economy, have a deficit of over $8 billion,  hurt by the majority's decision to allow part of the revenue stream to  those funds to expire in 2011.   Seven, our spending on workforce development as a percentage of GDP  is now only one-seventh of its 1979 peak; and since 2010, Republicans  in Congress have cut workforce education programs by $400 million. So  we are doing less to help the unemployed while they look for work and  less to help them prepare for a new job.   Today's bill ignores these problems completely and, instead, attempts  to demean those needing help. In discouraging access to unemployment  benefits, it reminds me of a massive problem we have uncovered in  Michigan that involved at least 20,000--and perhaps many more--UI  claimants being wrongly accused of fraud and ordered to pay huge  penalties.   We should be focusing today on ensuring our UI system is ready for  the great challenge, not to mention helping Americans who are seeking  work right now. Instead, this majority has  [[Page H1204]]  brought up this misguided bill, and I urge all Members to oppose it.   