 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the Energy and  Commerce Committee for this important piece of legislation, H.R. 304,  the Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act.   This is a bipartisan bill. It was introduced by two of our colleagues  from North Carolina, Representatives Hudson and Butterfield. It  previously passed the House by voice vote, no objection, back in  November; but, unfortunately, it was not taken up by the Senate before  the last Congress adjourned, meaning we have to be here today to  restart this process.   This, along with three other Energy and Commerce bills that we are  considering today, shows that the Energy and Commerce Committee is  picking right up where we left off, in a bipartisan way, to produce  quality legislation that will improve the public health.   Now, H.R. 304 is really an important bill because it enables our  Nation's emergency medical services professionals to continue to  provide quality emergency care by recognizing the unique nature of  their practice.   Specifically, as you may have heard, the bill clarifies that  paramedics and other EMS professionals can administer certain pain and  antiseizure medications in emergency situations pursuant to standing or  verbal orders. In other words, the doctor has said to the EMS person,  you can do these things in emergencies.    Now, think about this. You are in a car wreck. The EMT shows up in  the ambulance. They can't communicate with anybody because they are  down in a valley or somewhere where they don't have communication.  Without this legislation, it is uncertain now, because of this ruling  out of the administration, whether or not they can give you antiseizure  medication or pain relief medication until they can get in contact.  This is not what any of us wants, so this legislation fixes that.   During this process, when this decision was made a while back, I  heard from Dr. Paul Rostykus, an emergency physician in Jackson County,  Oregon. He said that this is really critical to saving lives and  reducing suffering, particularly in our remote and rural areas where  these emergency technicians, EMTs, may struggle to call in emergencies  and it can take much longer for patients to reach the nearest doctor.   I just implore you to talk to anybody that is running around the  ambulances, and they will tell you this is really, really important for  patients.   I had an ambulance driver tell me--an EMT tell me it is important for  them because sometimes in an accident, somebody is injured and they are  kind of out of control and have a seizure. Now, I am not a doctor. We  actually have one here who can tell us  [[Page H208]]  more. But they then are able to administer certain medications that  will calm the patient, prevent them from hurting themselves or hurting  the EMT.   So I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 304 as well as the other  bipartisan Energy and Commerce bills that are on the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to pass these important bills.   