 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, most everybody has seen the news of  another disturbance with regard to an airline in an airport terminal.  Indeed, what has happened at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood  International Airport just in the last day has been a disturbance where  they had to call in the Broward County Sheriff's Office to put down the  disturbance because there were some upset people.   I have just gotten off the phone with the CEO of Spirit Airlines, as  well as the head of the Air Line Pilots Association, and basically have  told them that they should get this thing fixed and get it fixed quick.  There is not so much a labor dispute, because they are in negotiations  and I think are reaching final conclusions, but, as a result of some  things with the schedule, it caused a number of flights to be canceled  and, unfortunately, canceled right at the last before they could let  the passengers know ahead of time before they ever came to the airport.  Even much more of an irritant, they load them on the airplane as if  they are ready to go and then tell them they don't have a crew of  pilots and, therefore, the flight has to be canceled. Those problems  are going to go through today and tomorrow.   I am given to believe--having talked to the head of the pilot's  union, as well as the CEO of the airline--that they will have this  straightened out over the next several days. It has been costly, and it  has certainly been an irritant and an inconvenience to the passengers  because 300 flights have been canceled already in the past several  days, and we are going to see some more canceled in the next couple of  days.   Now, this all culminated in what the American television viewer has  seen--a chaotic scene at Spirit's front ticket counter at the Fort  Lauderdale airport after passengers had to get off of the airplane and  the canceled flight. Many people have seen this video. It is now  circulating online. Obviously, these passengers were very frustrated,  and it took, unfortunately, the deputies coming in to put down the  disturbance.   Having said that, this is just the latest. Doesn't that recall  something else that has happened in the last few weeks--a passenger  being dragged off of an airplane, beaten, and bloodied? Then, who has  to come and get him but an element of the airport authority of Chicago.  Haven't we also seen on another TV episode--and isn't this telling us  something--that passengers are now recording evidence of how passengers  are being treated because they have cell phones and cell phones have  video cameras. So we saw an airline employee kind of go off on  passengers in the case of another airline. Well, airlines, you had  better start fixing this because the passengers are not going to  tolerate it.   On the instant circumstance, having talked with the CEO and the head  of the union, they are in these discussions. I think they are going to  get it fixed. But they need to fix it fast because the traveling public  only has so much patience. What happened at Fort Lauderdale was  unacceptable and deeply unfair to the affected passengers, the  overwhelmed airline employees, and local law enforcement. It was  unfair. Let's not forget, also in dealing with the Fort Lauderdale  airport, that memories are still fresh of the shooting that took place  in January at the baggage claim.   Now, what happened just last night in Fort Lauderdale is just another  example of passengers becoming sick and tired of what they perceive as  mistreatment by airlines, be it that circumstance in Chicago with the  forcible removal of a passenger, or be it failing airline IT systems  and airline fees run amok. So the airlines had better start paying  attention to this.   It appears airlines are giving the impression that they have  forgotten their customers must come first. So what is it? I know the  airline companies don't intend to do this, but it is happening. It is  being recorded on video, and it is all the more causing people to  express their frustrations.   I have no trouble in putting the airlines on notice. If they can't  get their act together and start treating the flying public with  respect rather than making them think they are self-loading cargo, then  this Congress is going to be forced to act, and that time is going to  come soon as the Senate begins work this year on what will be a  bipartisan long-term bill to reauthorize the Federal Aviation  Administration. That bill is coming later this year.   I just want to say in conclusion that we have had a hearing in our  Commerce Committee on this. I thought that would be enough and this  Senator wouldn't have to speak out anymore, but here, again, we have  another incident. My heart goes out, for example, to some of the CEOs  who are trying to change a culture of treating passengers with  disrespect or ignorance. It is important they change that culture  because we will continue to see these kinds of circumstances arise if  passengers do not feel like they are getting the proper respect they  deserve. After all, they are customers. They are paying customers of  the airlines.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   