 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. McGovern, for  his leadership and for managing this rule.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in opposition to the closed rule for H.  Res. 11.   Ranking Member Engel, Mr. Price, and I have submitted an amendment to  H. Res. 11 when it came before the Rules Committee. Our amendment  offered a balanced approach and strongly reaffirmed longstanding,  bipartisan principles that undergird U.S. policy on the Israeli- Palestinian conflict. We introduced that amendment as a reasonable  alternative that would allow all of us to convene the broadest possible  bipartisan coalition here in the House.   Personally, I believe the U.S. should have vetoed the U.N. Security  Council resolution, and, notably, our resolution supported the U.S.  veto of any one-sided or anti-Israel U.N. Security Council resolution  or any resolution that seeks to impose a resolution to the conflict.   Our resolution also condemned boycott and divestment campaigns and  sanctions that target Israel, and it reiterated support for a  negotiated settlement leading to a sustainable two-state solution that  reaffirms Israel's right to exist as a democratic, Jewish state. We all  agree that there can be no substitute for direct bilateral negotiations  between Israel and the Palestinians. As we transition into a new  administration and begin this new Congress, we should resist  temptations to rewrite U.S. policy on the peace process in a misguided  attempt to further drive a wedge where none should exist.   The point of H. Res. 11 seems to be to bash Obama on the way out, and  the fact that there are distortions on history and fact seem not to  bother us. On this point, I would note that H. Res. 11 mentions  settlements but makes no attempt to reaffirm longstanding U.S.  opposition to those very settlements. It is more important now than  ever that Congress maintain its consistent, bipartisan policy toward  the conflict. We believe the carefully constructed language in our  resolution did just that, but we were not allowed the opportunity by  the Rules Committee to bring it before the floor for a vote.   So I urge my colleagues, especially my Democratic colleagues, to vote  ``no'' on H. Res. 11 and the rule and to support and cosponsor H. Res.  23, a much more bipartisan and balanced approach.   Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mast), who is a great new Member.    Mr. Speaker, who are we kidding? I heard the ranking  member say this isn't about Obama, and yet virtually every statement on  the other side of the aisle is trashing President Obama.   If you want to simply condemn the U.N. resolution, let's do so. I  will join you. But that isn't what this is about. It is subterfuge.  This is about kicking a President on the way out one more time,  enhancing a false narrative about his lack of support for our ally  Israel. And it greases the skids to defund the United Nations while  they are at it.   I say to my friends on my side of the aisle: Don't be fooled. Don't  be enablers. That is what this agenda is about.   There was a viable alternative we could have had on the floor, and we  were denied that right. We were even denied to have a motion to  recommit for a reason: because they don't want to risk that. They want  to control the platform that is negative and insidious and a resolution  filled with insinuations and distortions of fact and history.   Vote ``no'' on H. Res. 11.   Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, just by way of the facts, what  this resolution attempts to do is to reject the U.N. resolution that  calls for a Palestinian state but not a Jewish state, a resolution that  opens the door for those who want to impose boycott, divestment, or  other sanctions measures against Israel or Israeli companies and, in  essence, declares Judaism's holiest site as occupied territory. That is  what is in this resolution. Those are the facts that we are debating  here. Those are the facts that need to be rejected, my colleagues.   I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Costello).   Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn  the U.N. resolution which hinders the path to peace and aims to  undermine Israel, one of our country's top allies.   Our policy has long been that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict should  be resolved by direct, bilateral talks between the two parties. This  U.N. resolution contradicts our longstanding policy, first, by  legitimatizing Palestinian Authority efforts to utilize international  organizations to carry out its own solution; and second, by not  providing for the Palestinian Authority to uphold their own  responsibility as it relates to the peace negotiations.   The U.N. resolution disregards that Hamas, a terrorist organization,  presently controls a portion of what would be the Palestinian state.  That is an outrage, Mr. Speaker.   We must not sit on the sidelines or be silenced when anti-Israel  resolutions are presented at international organizations. That is why I  support H. Res. 11 today.   