 Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor, once again, to  urge my colleagues to work in a bipartisan, transparent fashion to  improve our healthcare system and help bring down costs.   Over the weekend, members of the American Medical Association--the  Nation's largest organization of doctors--had a chance to finally read  the proposed Republican bill and found it violates their ``do no harm''  principle. According to a letter they wrote to Leaders McConnell and  Schumer, ``Medicine has long operated under the precept of Primum non  nocere, or, `first do no harm.' The draft legislation violates that  standard on many levels.''   That is the conclusion of the American Medical Association, and they  are correct. This bill will not lower costs, and it will not improve  our healthcare system. Instead, it will remove health insurance  coverage for millions of Americans. Indeed, the CBO has just released  their estimate that 22 million Americans will lose their health  insurance coverage. It will increase costs for everyone and decimate  State budgets, creating a ripple effect throughout our economy.   The bill my colleagues worked in secret to craft is, in a sense, a  sham. It will not lower costs, and it will not improve our healthcare  system, as they insist. Instead, it will remove health insurance  coverage for millions of Americans--22 million, according to the CBO-- increase costs for everyone, as I said, and decimate State budgets. In  fact, their bill essentially is a huge tax cut for the wealthiest 2  percent of Americans at the expense of everyone else.   If you need any further proof of the real driver of this bill, one of  its biggest giveaways is a retroactive tax break on investment income  for people making at least a quarter of a million dollars. Dozens of  leading economists, including six Nobel laureates, have criticized this  plan as, in their words, a ``giant step in the wrong direction'' that  prioritizes tax breaks averaging $200,000 annually per household in the  top 0.1 percent of Americans over the well-being of working families.  In fact, President Trump himself will get an estimated $2 million tax  break each year from the giveaways in this bill. Let's call this bill  what it is: a massive giveaway to the wealthiest Americans. Meanwhile,  the rest of the country--all of our constituents--will be the ones  paying the price for these tax breaks for those well-off. So much for  the President's claim that he would end a rigged system.   Now, how do Republicans pay for these tax breaks? For starters, they  are proposing to end the Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care  Act, which is providing health insurance to nearly 15 million  Americans, but then they go even further by effectively block-granting  Medicaid, cutting hundreds of billions of dollars from the program over  the next decade. These are not reforms designed to lower costs. This is  a cut, pure and simple, which will sharply curtail and eliminate needed  healthcare services to many across this country. In fact, the Center on  Budget Policies and Priorities published data that shows a stark  contrast of who gains and who loses under this bill. The 400 households  in the country with the highest incomes will get tax breaks totaling  $33 billion because of the Senate TrumpCare bill. As a result, over  725,000 Americans will lose Medicaid coverage in just four States to  equate to that $33 billion: Alaska, Arkansas, Nevada, and West  Virginia. That doesn't even scratch the surface as to who will lose  access to care in the remaining 46 States.   Medicaid has played a critical role in ensuring access to care for  millions of Americans, including children, seniors, and people with  disabilities. In fact, across the country, and in my home State of  Rhode Island, about half of all Medicaid funding is spent on nursing  home care. Over 60 percent of nursing home residents access care  through Medicaid. If you think nursing home care will be protected, you  are in for a rude awakening because the math just doesn't work. It will  be impossible to cut Federal funding for State Medicaid programs by  hundreds of billions of dollars and not impact the most significant  Medicaid expenditures, which are nursing homes.   I would also like to talk about the role Medicaid plays in  emergencies like a recession or public health crisis. We know all too  well how an economic downturn impacts communities. With job loss, comes  loss of health insurance, pensions, and other benefits. The tax base  shrinks, and State budgets suffer. Medicaid, as currently structured,  is able to adapt to this. As the need increases, the program grows to  cover everyone who is eligible, including those who have just lost  jobs. This saves families from having to choose whether to take their  kids to the doctor or put food on the table.   Under the Senate TrumpCare bill, States will be hamstrung by  arbitrary caps and limits on Medicaid. In fact, States will be unable  to expand coverage during a recession to those in need, and they will  likely have to make cuts across the board, from healthcare and  education to transportation infrastructure, to make up for the lost tax  revenues. This is not strictly going to be an issue of healthcare  policy in States. The cuts are so dramatic that after they have taken  all they can from other healthcare programs, they will inevitably go to  education funding--the biggest expense most States have--and then to  transportation and then to public safety. Even then, I don't think they  can keep up with these cuts.   Like most of the country, Rhode Island was hard hit by the recession.  It took many years for the economy to even begin to turn around in the  right direction. It seemed my colleagues are forgetting how Medicaid  has been a critical safety net through tough economic times.   I am also concerned that my colleagues are not aware of the impact  Medicaid has on our Nation's veterans. The uninsured rate among  veterans has dropped by 40 percent since implementation of the  Affordable Care Act. Nationwide, nearly 1 in 10 veterans is covered by  Medicaid, including approximately 8,000 veterans in my home State of  Rhode Island. The cuts to Medicaid that have been proposed by my  Republican colleagues put the care of our veterans at risk. We have all  promised to provide the best care possible to our brave men and women  when they leave the service, but the Senate TrumpCare bill would do the  opposite.   That is not the only way this bill would damage veterans' care. Many  [[Page S3748]]  veterans seek help for mental health care by going outside of the VA  system. TrumpCare puts mental health and substance abuse treatment at  risk by saying insurance companies no longer need to cover these  services. For the over 15,000 veterans in Rhode Island who access  mental and behavioral healthcare outside of the VA, they would be out  of luck. For all the bipartisan work in this Chamber to increase  veterans' access to these services, it would all be for naught if  Senate Republicans pass their TrumpCare bill.   These are just some of the things Republicans are sacrificing in the  name of tax breaks for the wealthy. It is, frankly, unconscionable.  More importantly, this will not be lost on the American people. I have  heard from thousands of my constituents since the beginning of this  year, and if Senate Republicans press forward with this legislation, I  think we will all hear from many more of these constituents for many  years to come.   TrumpCare is fundamentally flawed and cannot be fixed. We would  welcome the opportunity to work across the aisle on improvements to the  Affordable Care Act, like those to lower costs, especially prescription  drug costs, any time.   I, once again, urge my colleagues to drop their efforts and to work  with us to instead make improvements to the ACA.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Florida.   