 Mr. Speaker, those of us in Washington are really good at  talking in big general statements that don't mean much to the average  American. I want to tell you what the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will  actually do for the families I represent back in southwest Alabama.   According to data from the IRS, almost three-fourths of the tax  filers in my district claimed the standard deduction instead of  itemizing. Well, under our plan, the standard deduction will be  doubled.   Just consider the medium family of four in southwest Alabama. That  family earns a little over $77,000 a year. If that family takes the  standard deduction, as most do, they will see a tax cut of $1,739 a  year. That comes out to almost an extra $150 a month.   Now, that may not sound like real money in Washington, but for  families in Bay Minette or Citronelle or Monroeville, that is  important. That is extra money for a car payment. That is additional  savings for a child's college. That is money to help pay for home  repairs. That is real money.   When you add in the fact that we are fixing our corporate and  business Tax Code to make it fairer and simpler, then we can truly make  America boom again. President Trump has called it the ``middle class  miracle.''   By making our Tax Code more competitive, we can unleash our full  economic potential, bring jobs back to America, raise wages, and  ultimately get more money in the pockets of working Americans. Mr.  Speaker, this is exactly what President Trump promised and what the  American people sent him and us to Washington to do.   Now, my colleagues on the other side like to say this bill helps the  1 percent, and they vehemently defend the current Tax Code.   You know who benefits from the current Tax Code? The 1 percent-- people who can hire lawyers and lobbyists to help them get a special  tax break, people who can spend thousands of dollars a year on  specialty accountants. If you want to help the 1 percent, then keep the  current complicated and confusing Tax Code that only helps the elite  and well connected. We can do better than that.   We can pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we can put more money in  people's pockets, and we can unlock America's full economic potential.   