 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support the American Health Care Act.   A constituent of mine from Kentucky personally reached out to share  her story. Under ObamaCare, the cost of her family's monthly premium  rose to over $1,000 with a deductible of over $12,000, in total, almost  half her income. When she fell and broke three ribs, she couldn't  afford to go to the emergency room because of the astronomical  deductible. She suffered for weeks until as she could afford care; and  as she said in her own words: ``I paid 50 percent of my income for  something I am forced to buy and cannot use.''   In Kentucky, there are many counties with just one health insurer on  the exchange. That is not right. Affordable health care means having  real access to health care when you need it. ObamaCare reduces access.  It is not there, when they need it, for many Americans.   I urge my colleagues to support the American Health Care Act.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, what I want to talk about is what is underlying in this  bill in the traditional reform in Medicaid.   Medicaid currently costs State and Federal Governments $600 billion.  It is estimated in 10 years--a decade--to cost a trillion dollars. It  is a system that is set up to implode on itself.   So we want to fix the problem before we get to the critical point  where it is going to implode. Let's fix it now, and let's make it  right.   What we do is allow States to have the same money they had in 2016-- the exact same money--with growth. The growth would be the CPI,  medical, and, in some categories, plus one. They also have growth in  demographics. We have some people who retire to other States. They have  a concern. What if I am from a State where somebody lives in an area  and then they move to my State when they are older and typically cost  more in the Medicaid system? We adjust for that. It is in the per  capita allotment. As they move, they would transfer. It is not a  traditional block grant, unless the State chooses to do so.   We are here reforming an entitlement program for the first time since  the 1990s. It is a very sound, solid way, and a way that preserves and  protects the program and prevents the program from imploding on itself  within a decade.    Mr. Speaker, I am surprised that my friends on the other  side are defending the ObamaCare age tax, which is a tax on young  people. I am the right demographic for it.   This is how it works: people from age 26 to 34 pay more so people  from age 50 to 64 pay less.   Think about this: I am 53. In 3 years, I will be 56, my daughter will  be 26. What I am asking her to do and what we are asking her to do if  we don't repeal this is, as you are wanting to buy a house, get  married--she got married--buy a house, start a family, get her family  moving forward, we are going to say: But we want you to pay more for  your health care so I can pay less.   That is what they are doing. They are having parents have their  children pay more so they can pay less. With all of us, I think we want  our children, as they start their families, start their life, to have  more breaks, not put another burden on them.   I defend the fact that we are giving tax relief to young people, for  people from age 26 to 34, who can least afford the premiums that we are  putting on them.   