 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule  providing for the consideration of H.R. 2213, the Anti-Border  Corruption and Reauthorization Act of 2017.    As someone who has spent their entire career and adult life in law  enforcement, I know full well the importance of being able to hire  quality men and women to provide for the security of our communities  and our Nation at large.   H.R. 2213 simply provides the Border Patrol and U.S. Customs a tool  in their  [[Page H4662]]  hiring toolkit to expedite the hiring of those who have already held  some of our Nation's highest positions of public trust and who have  already undergone the most thorough vetting available.   It allows Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers who have  served in good standing for more than 3 years and who have undergone a  polygraph exam to be eligible to have their CBP preemployment polygraph  waived in order to expedite their hiring.   As a former sheriff who mandated--I mandated preemployment polygraphs  in my own department. I have full confidence in thoroughness of the  vetting conducted by State and local law enforcement agencies prior to  hiring an officer. Those exams do not need to be duplicated by CBP in  order to hire a prospective officer or agent who has already been  vetted by their local department and has a proven track record of  performance.   If CBP finds derogatory information on an applicant whose polygraph  has been waived, then they still have the authority to conduct their  standard CBP polygraph to determine whether that applicant should, in  fact, be hired.   This bill does not lower standards. I want to say that again. This  bill does not lower standards. It merely takes a commonsense approach  to hiring by giving CBP the option not to duplicate a polygraph exam  already completed by a highly qualified applicant's previous law  enforcement agency.   I represent the Port of Jacksonville, which moved 82 tons of cargo  last year and is one of only 16 ports of call authorized to move  military cargo through our national security operations.   It is absolutely vital that U.S. Customs and Border Protection are  able to hire enough quality officers to maintain the flow of commerce.   