 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding and for offering this amendment. A provision nearly identical  to this has been in the final version of the last two NDAAs, and it  should be in the final version of this year's NDAA.   As chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, I understand that  the responsiveness and distributive nature of our ICBMs are the most  critical features. Without ICBMs, an adversary would need to strike  less than 10 targets to disarm our nuclear forces. But with ICBMs, an  adversary needs to strike hundreds of hardened targets deep in  America's homeland. That is a much more difficult proposition and is at  the very heart of our deterrence.   During his confirmation hearing, Secretary of Defense Mattis agreed  [[Page H5812]]  with this assessment, noting: ``The ICBM force provides a cost-imposing  strategy on our adversaries.''   We should confirm this policy once more. It is vital that our ICBM  force remain robust and responsive. I urge a ``yes'' vote on this  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding  and for his amendment.   This committee has been trying to seek out and remove impediments to  speedy acquisition for years. Section 1662 of fiscal year 2015 NDAA is  just such an impediment. I don't understand why Congress believed it  was prudent to let DOD's testers prevent the Secretary of Defense from  deploying military capability.   Further, I do not agree with the contention that this amendment will  further reduce oversight of the testing of missile defense  capabilities. In fact, the plain language of the amendment inserts  ballistic missile defense systems into the existing title 10 DOD OT&E  testing requirement, just like every other DOD acquisition program.   This is literally where the so-called ``fly before you buy'' term  comes from.   Every year, we already receive another report from DOD OT&E on the  testing of ballistic missile defense, and then there is the Integrated  Master Test Program that MDA and DOD OT&E collaborate on. And then,  finally, the GAO does a report, also, that helps Congress oversee BMD  programs.   How many reports do we need to do the same thing? Especially when  North Korea is making unprecedented progress on its ballistic missile  capability, we should be making MDA more efficient and nimble, and I  think removing redundant reporting requirements and impediments on the  deployment of proven capabilities is a commonsense step.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   