 The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).    Madam President, only 4 days have passed since the  terrible tragedy in Sutherland Springs occurred, and, of course, the  grieving and pain of the families who have lost loved ones and who had  loved ones injured during the course of that terrible shooting  incident--our thoughts and prayers are still with them. I am going to  be traveling to Sutherland Springs this weekend to offer my condolences  and ongoing support in person. It is important that we give the  community the time and space they need to grieve.   By now, we all know that 26 people lost their lives during a church  service at the First Baptist Church. This included an unborn child.  Twenty more were injured, and some of them still remain in critical  condition. What is amazing to me is that First Baptist will hold a  church service this Sunday, just 7 days after a gunman stormed the  building and committed the deadliest mass shooting in Texas's history.  What resilience, what incredible resolve to come together 7 days after  this terrible shooting and have the congregation that lost 26 of its  members come together for a church service.   One little guy many of us will be praying for is 5-year-old Ryland  Ward. Ryland was shot four times and was partially shielded by his  mother, Joann, who, tragically, did not survive. Ryland is fighting for  his life at University Hospital in San Antonio, and he remains in  critical condition. I know we will all continue to think of him and  pray for his recovery.   We continue to hear more about what led to this atrocity--a gunman  with a history of domestic violence, animal cruelty, and mental  illness. Because of his troubled history, which included convictions  for domestic abuse in the military, he was legally prohibited from  purchasing a firearm, but he lied about it. Unfortunately, the  background check system, which is supposed to alert the dealer not to  sell a firearm to a person with disqualifiers such as his, simply did  not come back at all to demonstrate that he was, in fact, disqualified  from purchasing a firearm. He was legally disqualified because he had  beaten up his wife, had fractured the skull of his stepson, and he was  legally disqualified because a military court in New Mexico had handed  down a felony sentence for his attacking his own family. But as we know  now, and as I have said, that information was not uploaded by the U.S.  Air Force or the Department of Defense in the Federal background check  database. Under the law it was supposed to be uploaded, but it wasn't.  So he got away with lying about his record.    That is what we have to fix. After terrible incidents like this, the  most common question I hear people ask or the most common statement I  hear them say is this: We have to do something. But here that something  we have to do is crystal clear. Troubled individuals like this monster  should never have gained access to a gun. When he tried to purchase  them, the person who checked the Federal database should have seen his  name and criminal convictions and said: No way, no how.   I have had conversations with many of our colleagues across the aisle  and in the Chamber about this problem and what we need to do to fix it.  Next week, I plan to introduce legislation to fix these flaws in the  National Instant Criminal Background Check System and to ensure that  all Federal agencies upload required conviction records like these in  the NICS system as fast as possible. Clearly, that is not being done  now, and we must do it and do it quickly to make sure that other  potential killers will not be sold a firearm because of the defects in  our National Instant Criminal Background Check System. It is imperative  that this information be shared, that violent felons' convictions be  uploaded, and that dangerous individuals not gain illegal access to  firearms. Unlike law-abiding citizens, these individuals can't be  trusted to do what is right because we know that in the wrong hands,  guns can do tremendous harm.   I must add that in the right hands lives can be saved too. All we  need to do is regard the actions of Stephen Willeford. When he heard  the gunshots going off in the church, he grabbed his AR-15--what some  people call an assault rifle. It is a semiautomatic legal weapon. He is  an NRA, or National Rifle Association, certified instructor. He took  that gun and shot at this killer to try to stop him from killing more  people, and he was successful. He wounded the killer and put himself in  harm's way. To me, this demonstrates not only the heroism of Mr.  Willeford, but it demonstrates another reason why law-abiding citizens  should be able to keep and bear arms, in the terminology of the Second  Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Law-abiding gun owners are not a  threat to the public safety. It is only so when they get in the hands  of felons, the mentally ill, and domestic abusers, like the killer in  Sutherland Springs. So in the right hands, guns can save lives too.   As somebody who is a sportsman and believes in the Second Amendment  and believes that law-abiding citizens ought to be able to keep and  bear arms to defend their families and communities, I am proud of the  work that Stephen Willeford did on that terrible day. I know there are  those who believe that the NRA is somehow complicit in some of these  terrible events, but I will tell you that the NRA did us all a favor by  training somebody like Stephen Willeford so he was prepared on that  horrible day to stop the shooter before he killed more innocent people.  I applaud him for it, and I applaud them for teaching people gun safety  and self-defense so they can protect their families, their property,  and their communities as well.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I agree with the Senator from South  Carolina. This is, indeed, a good day for the families who will benefit  from this additional money in their paycheck, from the increased  standard of living they will enjoy.   For those of us who want to see businesses come back home from  abroad, they fled this country because we have the highest corporate  tax rate in the world. When we say we want to reform that broken  corporate tax rate and to bring those businesses and that money home,  we join our colleagues--ranging from the Democratic leader, Senator  Schumer, to Barack Obama in 2011, in a joint session of the U.S.  Congress--in advocating for bringing that business rate down so that  businesses will stay in America. They will hire Americans, and they  will improve wages for all working families.   I am proud to join my fellow Finance Committee colleagues on the  floor today to support our version of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which  was just released a few moments ago.   I congratulate Chairman Hatch for his leadership, but I am  extraordinarily impressed with all the members of the Finance Committee  who worked so hard together to try to get us to where we are today. We  plan for lower rates.   As you heard, we increased the standard deduction, we expanded the  child tax credit, and we reformed the Tax Code so that we can give  Americans access to more jobs and higher wages.   Our Democratic colleagues have said they want tax reform too. I  mentioned Barack Obama and Chuck Schumer, our colleague from New York,  who repeatedly said that we should lower the corporate rate so  businesses will come home, hire Americans, and help our economy grow  here. So we are all in agreement on that on a bipartisan basis, and  there is room for further agreement.    I agree with the chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator Hatch. We  invite our Democratic colleagues to come together and join us,  particularly starting on the Finance Committee on Monday.   If what we want is more, better paying jobs--and we do--then we have  to focus on lowering rates on all the job creators, including small  businesses, as you have heard. The framework we have developed was  designed to cut taxes for middle-class families, not millionaires. It  is to help small businesses grow and create more jobs. It is to provide  relief for hard-working families by increasing the standard deduction,  as our colleague from South Carolina pointed out. One out of ten  taxpayers will now have to itemize deductions in order to take full  advantage of the law to reduce their tax burden. So it will be simpler,  easier to comply with, and lower their tax rate, while enhancing the  child tax credit. These reforms will make the 1,000-page Tax Code  easier to understand and comply with. Our efforts will simplify what  are  [[Page S7142]]  now pages upon pages of language that only tax lawyers and lobbyists  understand.   I look forward to continuing the important discussions when the  Senate Finance Committee marks up and amends this proposal starting  Monday.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   