 Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to this amendment  and in strong opposition to the Regulatory Accountability Act.   This bill is another thinly veiled mechanism for the majority to  attack agency rulemaking with which they disagree.   This amendment would prevent agencies from publicly disclosing  information that, quote, ``directly advocates, in support of or against  the proposed rule, for the submission of information to form part of  the record of review for the proposed rule.''   I am concerned that the way this language is written it could  restrict agencies from providing information about the benefits of a  rule and soliciting public feedback.   The Administrative Procedure Act requires agencies to solicit public  comments on proposed rules except in narrow circumstances. We should be  encouraging agencies to solicit public comments in order to provide  businesses, consumer groups, and other members of the public with the  opportunity to make suggestions to the agency for improving the  proposed rule.   Agency employees are already barred under appropriations bills from  engaging in publicity or propaganda.   Agency employees are specifically barred from engaging in  ``substantial `grassroots' lobbying campaigns'' when those campaigns  are aimed at encouraging members of the public ``to pressure Members of  Congress to support Administration or Department legislative or  appropriations proposals.''   While transparency is always helpful in the regulatory process, a  requirement that agencies report to Congress every communication to the  public--including every oral communication from an agency official-- would be unnecessarily burdensome and would not be feasible for  agencies.   The GAO has already defined covert communications, self- aggrandizement, and purely partisan activities as categories of agency  communications that are often restricted by these appropriations  riders.   Agencies are authorized to regulate by Congress, but this amendment  would further handicap federal agencies from fulfilling their critical  missions.   Under the guise of ``accountability'' this amendment is not even a  thinly disguised attempt to muzzle commonsense regulation by  suppressing even the ability to explain the proposed rule in the first  place.   I urge my colleagues to uphold Congress' confidence in the agency  rulemaking process and vote against this amendment and against the  Regulatory Accountability Act.   The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the  gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Peterson).   The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes  appeared to have it.   