 Madam President, today, we will vote on a resolution that  will take away privacy protections from the American people. By voting  for this resolution, Congress is ignoring the fact that people want  more protections online, not fewer.   In 2016, Pew did a study to determine the state of privacy in the  United States, and the center found ``Americans express a consistent  lack of confidence about the security of everyday communication  channels and the organizations that control them.''   Pew found that this is especially true when it comes to the internet.  People no longer trust organizations--public or private--to protect the  data they collect.   Today, we are going to make that worse. That is because broadband  providers know our complete browsing history. Think about that for a  second. They know everything we do online, everything we search for on  a daily basis. Think about how personal that information is, how it  paints a picture of who we are. It is totally reasonable for broadband  providers to have to ask customers for their consent before they take  that information--our browsing history, what we do online--and sell it  to a third party.   That will no longer be the case after the Republicans vote for this  bill and it is enacted into law. Broadband providers will be able to  take your browsing history and sell it without your permission. The FCC  spent months on this rule, and by using the CRA to get rid of it,  Congress is taking away the FCC's authority to do anything like it ever  again. That will mean there is no Federal agency--not the FTC, not the  FCC--that will even have jurisdiction over the issue of privacy for  broadband providers.   What is the solution here? We should work with the private sector,  the FCC, and the FTC to find a comprehensive solution together.   At a time when data collection and use is increasing exponentially,  Republicans should not be rolling back protections for consumers. This  is yet another repeal without replace.   Fifty-five years ago this month, President Kennedy gave a seminal  speech about consumer rights. He spoke about the march of technology-- how it had outpaced old laws and regulations and how fast that progress  had occurred. That progress is only getting faster. The next massive  technological change will be the ``internet of things,'' in which we  will have tens of billions of devices connected to each other and  interacting with us whether we like it or not.   As technology marches on, what stays the same is the bedrock  principle that President Kennedy outlined, which is that consumers have  a right to be safe, a right to be informed, a right to choose, and a  right to be heard. Those rights are in jeopardy. The FCC took a small  but important step, but the Republicans are walking it back.   Let me be clear. This is the single biggest step backward in online  privacy in many years. I urge a ``no'' vote.   I ask unanimous consent all time be yielded back.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I would like to talk about U.S. support  for Israel. It used to be that U.S. support for Israel was bipartisan.  One of the most deeply disappointing realities in Washington today is  that this support is becoming characterized as increasingly partisan.  That is because--what happened was Republicans came out against one of  President Obama's signature foreign policy achievements, the Iran  nuclear deal.   That opposition came in the face of consensus among national security  experts across the political spectrum, both here and in Israel, that  this deal was good for the security of Israel. Ultimately, what  happened is, it politicized our foreign policy in the Middle East to  the point that what would have otherwise been a bipartisan vote for a  bipartisan consensus Ambassador to the country of Israel from the  United States, will now be confirmed along mostly party lines.   People will look at this confirmation and say: U.S. support for  Israel now exists largely on a partisan basis. Let's be clear. It does  not. I support every penny that goes to Israel. I think it is critical  that the country maintains its qualitative military edge in the region,  and I take a backseat to no one in my personal or professional passion  for the United States-Israel relationship.   That is why I cannot support Mr. Friedman's nomination to be the U.S.  Ambassador to Israel. He has radical views. He has made outrageous and  offensive statements on a wide range of issues.   Here is a sampling of his past comments. Mr. Friedman has said that  the State Department is anti-Semitic. He has said that President Obama  is an anti-Semite. He has said that the two-state solution solves a  ``nonexistent problem.'' Mr. Friedman has called for Israeli citizens  who are Arabs to be stripped of their civil rights. He has lobbed one  of the worst words in Jewish history at large parts of the American  Jewish community, calling them ``kapos,'' which is a term for the Jews  who worked for the Nazis in concentration camps. These are more than  just provocative statements by Mr. Friedman; they are lies.   For decades, the United States has stood firm as an honest broker of  peace. We have said to both sides that they can trust us to help end  this conflict, and that is based on the principle that the United  States is passionate about peace in Israel but dispassionate about how  we get there. Mr. Friedman is not objective about how we get there. On  the contrary, he is very passionately for settlements, and he is very  passionately against the two-state solution, which means he is  basically against decades of bipartisan U.S. foreign policy.   Just a few months ago, the organization he led advertised that they  have a new program that will train students to ``successfully  delegitimize the notion of a two-state solution.'' This group is  actively working to take the two-state solution off the table.   I understand that the Senate is not fully aligned on U.S. foreign  policy when it comes to Israel. I understand we have our disagreements.  We may disagree on whether a two-state solution is best, on where our  Embassy should be located, and on how to approach the peace process,  but there are some things we ought to be able to agree upon: that our  Ambassador to Israel should not be more involved in Israel's politics  than our own, that our Ambassador to Israel should not be so  provocative that they wouldn't even be welcome at the negotiating  table, and that our Ambassador should not be the kind of person who  uses language to fuel violence, hate, and instability. That means we  should be able to agree that our Ambassador to Israel cannot be Mr.  Friedman.  [[Page S1956]]    I urge my colleagues to join me in voting no to support U.S.-Israel  relations and reject Mr. Friedman's confirmation.   I yield the floor.   