 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Republicans have been warning for years  now about the grave damage ObamaCare has done to the American  healthcare system. We have pointed out how the healthcare law's  regulations are destabilizing the health insurance industry. We have  warned that the ObamaCare markets are unstable. We have talked about  the death spiral which has already doomed ObamaCare.   It seems like every day we get more proof that the collapse is well  underway. Last week, the insurance company Aetna announced it was  exiting the individual ObamaCare markets entirely. CNN did a story  about this last Wednesday. The headlines said: ``Aetna to ObamaCare:  We're Outta Here.'' It is interesting because Aetna as a company was  one of the cheerleaders for ObamaCare early on; they jumped in and  said: We are very involved. We want to make this work. Here they are  pulling out, saying it has failed.   Humana had already said it was quitting the exchanges, not just one  place but everywhere.   In the past month or so, we have seen big companies drop out of the  markets in Virginia and in Iowa. There is now just one company left  selling in the exchanges for Nebraska and for Delaware. There is just  one company selling in Alaska, in Missouri, in Alabama, in Oklahoma, in  South Carolina, and in my home State of Wyoming.   For people living in all of these States, there is a monopoly for  whom they get to buy their insurance from under the ObamaCare markets.  That is not a marketplace, it is a monopoly.   The Associated Press looked at all of these companies dropping out.  It now found that 40 percent of America--4 out of 10 counties in  America--will have just 1 company selling insurance in the ObamaCare  exchanges for next year; 4 out of every 10 counties in America. That is  what you get with an ObamaCare exchange.   How is that supposed to bring down prices? Other companies have been  saying how much they will need to charge if they are going to stick  around for 1 more year under ObamaCare. It looks like we will have  another year of incredible price increases. In Maryland, insurance  companies are demanding average premium increases of anywhere between  18 and 59 percent. In Connecticut, they are asking for 15 to 33 percent  more next year.   Democrats are desperate to blame the collapse of ObamaCare on  President Trump. My question to the Democrats is this, What about all  of the companies that dropped out of the marketplaces last year? What  about the double-digit price increases Americans were paying year after  year under ObamaCare?   The premium for the average benchmark plan in the exchanges went up  25 percent at the start of this year. Are Democrats going to try to  blame that on someone else?   In March, the Kaiser Family Foundation reported the results of a poll  on healthcare in America. In this poll, 4 out of 10 American adults  with insurance under ObamaCare said they have trouble affording their  deductible. They have ObamaCare insurance, but 4 out of 10 adults in  America with ObamaCare insurance are having trouble affording their  deductibles. Three out of every ten with insurance under ObamaCare said  they have problems paying their medical bills. One in four Americans  with insurance under ObamaCare said the costs have forced them to put  off healthcare they needed or skip it entirely.   These people are suffering because of President Obama and the  Democrats and what they passed. These Americans are struggling because  of the flawed policies and regulations of the ObamaCare law that  Democrats in Washington wrote.   Republicans are saying what we have said all along: Healthcare reform  should be about helping people get the care they need, from a doctor  they choose, at a lower cost. We need to do something to rescue the  people who are being crushed under this collapsing ObamaCare  system. That is why Republicans are the ones talking about solving the  problems that have been caused by ObamaCare. The House of  Representatives passed a bill that includes some important things that  could help stabilize the markets. It includes things to stop these  double-digit premium hikes that have been occurring every year.    In the Senate, we have already started mapping out the ideas. We are  going to continue offering our ideas. We are going to continue debating  them. I want to invite Democrats in the Senate to come to the floor and  offer their ideas as well. It doesn't have to be a partisan fight. It  shouldn't be a partisan fight that drags on for months and months. We  need to find solutions for the American people who are suffering under  President Obama's healthcare law.   For all the Democrats who are now trying to redirect the blame away  from themselves, the problems they caused, trying to pass the buck, we  are trying to pass a bill. I can tell from listening at home in  Wyoming, where I will be again this weekend and was last weekend,  people know who caused the problems of ObamaCare. The American people  are looking for solutions. They don't care who offers it. They want  solutions. I think if we can get a bipartisan solution, all the better.  I invite the Democrats to come to the floor to give us their best  ideas.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   