 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  organizing this Special Order.   I will be brief. There are a lot of people who want to speak. I will  just speak to the jurisdiction of the Education and the Workforce  Committee, on which I have the honor of serving as the ranking member.   Mr. Speaker, as we consider appointments to the Departments of Labor,  Education, and Health and Human Services, we shouldn't just look at  people's personalities, but at what the policy implications are of  their appointments. The Senate must reject those nominees who will fail  to stand up to the goals and aspirations of America's children and  workers.   The first nominee I will speak to is that of Secretary of Labor, Mr.  Puzder, who was the CEO of CKE Restaurants. He has spoken out many  times in opposition to an increase in the minimum wage. Many States  have recognized that the minimum wage is so low that people who work  full time fail to make a wage that exceeds the poverty level.   What is his position going to be on increasing the minimum wage? With  overtime, are people entitled to work overtime after 40 hours?   The regulation is in place. Will he enforce that new regulation? Or  will he try to overturn the regulation that recognizes and honors the  40-hour workweek, whereby those who work more than 40 hours will get  time and a half?   If you look at CKE's retirement plan, it leaves a lot to be desired  in terms of fees.   What will his position be?   When you look at the fiduciary rule--which requires financial  advisers, when they are looking at somebody's retirement fund, to have  the worker's best interest in the forefront, not their personal profits  and what they can rip off from someone but to look at the worker's  views as paramount--will he change that so that we can go back to the  days in which people could take advantage of unsophisticated workers  and sell them products that are not in their best interests?   What are his positions going to be on enforcing Federal regulations?   CKE Restaurants has been found in violation of many wage regulations.   Will he vigorously enforce those?   Those are the kinds of things that we need to look at when we look at  the Secretary of Labor.   The Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, is best known for her  support of vouchers. Vouchers in Michigan have shown that they fund  schools that are actually worse than the average, so they have not done  any good.   Will she support public education? Or will she support the  privatization of education?   Finally, Health and Human Services: Will we privatize Medicare? Will  we repeal without replacing the Affordable Care Act?   A lot has been said about repeal and then replace later. Let me tell  you, until you have seen a plan, you can just count on the repeal;  there will probably never be a replace.   What will happen to everybody if there is no plan?   Twenty million people--maybe 30 million--will lose their insurance,  and the insurance market for everybody else will be in chaos. We need  to make sure that we look at this and get these decisions straight  before we confirm anybody.   All of the nominees and others should be reviewed not on their  personalities, but on the policy decisions they will be making. The  next generation of Americans will base their education, their jobs, and  their health care on the decisions these nominees will make. The Senate  should reject any of the nominees that will take us in the wrong  direction.   