 Mr. President, I want to thank Chairman Grassley for his  leadership on this issue and for his willingness to sit down and talk  to a diverse group of people who think we have a problem that we should  solve and that we must solve.   Senator Grassley just did such a good job of describing some of the  technical aspects of the SECURE Act and the BRIDGE Act and other  legislation that actually came together to create the SECURE Act.   I want to back up and talk a little bit about what we are actually  trying to do here. There are two key components to this bill and to  efforts that have gone before the point at which we have introduced  this bill that I think are very important.   The first one is the DACA Program. That is Deferred Action for  Childhood Arrivals. The DACA Program is something that was implemented  in 2012 by President Obama. What President Obama sought to do was to  provide some certainty for young adults and children who were brought  across the border--not through their own decisions but through the  decisions of their parents or a guardian to cross the border  illegally--and find themselves illegally present in the United States.  Today, they are still protected because they are still protected under  DACA, but the President announced on September 5 that on March 5 that  program would end.   Now, you can imagine that there are hundreds of thousands of young  men and women who are uncertain about their future status in this  country. It is a problem we need to solve. The other side of the  equation is something that is also equally important to me and to a  number of people in this body. It has to do with our border security  and interior enforcement.   Back in late winter, I spent a week down on the southern border. I  went to the Rio Grande Sector and the West Texas Sector. I spoke with a  lot of people at the land ports that hundreds of thousands of people  cross every day. We listened to their concerns about things we need to  do to better secure the border.   There are two debates in Congress right now. I don't actually embrace  either of the two extremes. There is the one extreme that says build a  big, beautiful wall that is 2,000 miles long. It is impractical and not  necessary.   There is the other extreme that says we don't need borders; we need  bridges. That is impractical and unsafe.   What we need is a solution to border security so that we know who is  in this country and so that we have an orderly way to move between  countries for someone who is in our country who  [[Page S7836]]  wants to come to work or visit the United States and return back in a  legal fashion.   The other thing we have to look at in border security that I think is  oftentimes overlooked is the humanitarian crisis with an unsecure  border. There is one of the numbers that stuck with me. There were so  many that we covered when we were down with border security, but this  stuck with me--actually, two numbers. This one is most heartbreaking:  Over a 20-year period, 10,000 people have died crossing the border  unsuccessfully. Ten thousand bodies have been recovered as a result of  crossing the border and not finding their way to a safe place. About  1,000 of them were children. Unless we have the people, technology, and  infrastructure on the border to know who is trying to cross, we can't  protect them. Even if it means we are going to take them into custody  and potentially deport them, at least they will be alive.   Another statistic was very important to me, too. It was in a  discussion I had with border security agents down in Laredo, one of the  big land ports where people cross every day. I am not going to get into  a lot of the details, except to say that they confiscate about 400,000  doses of methamphetamine about every 48 hours in this one land port.  That is where they confiscate it. By most estimates, it is only a minor  percentage of all of the illegal drugs crossing the border. So we  obviously need more people, technology, and infrastructure to be able  to capture people who are crossing the border in various trucks and  cars. They are finding ways to hide these drugs that are poisoning our  Nation's youth and, really, people of all ages.   So there is a reason for border security. There is a reason to invest  in people, technology, and infrastructure. There is a reason for us to  have a productive discussion about how we can provide a compassionate,  sustainable solution to the children and young adults who came to this  country through not their decision but the decisions of their adult  guardians.   That is what this bill, the SECURE Act, is setting forth. We are  trying to get a productive discussion going with Democrats and  Republicans who will come together and recognize that a balanced bill  provides for border security, provides a sustainable solution for the  DACA population, and get it done before March 5.   There are some people that want to, I think, play a little bit of  brinkmanship. They have already set in their mind how they want this  bill to look. What worries me about a bill where you use timing, maybe  a year-end budget agreement, or some other device to get the bill done,  is that that doesn't necessarily produce a bipartisan outcome that you  can be sure of is always going to be on the books. Those types of  bills--those types of quick ``gotcha'' sort of actions--are oftentimes  the bills somebody will try to come back to and repeal or revise.   We want a sustainable solution. We want a solution that is going to  work and give certainty to this DACA population for the rest of their  lives. I think the provisions of the BRIDGE Act that are now in the  SUCCEED Act do that.   I want to thank Senator Lankford. Senator Lankford and I filed  another bill. We are full of acronyms here. I don't know, but sometimes  they say we are full of other things, but we are full of acronyms. The  SUCCEED Act is another bill, and I think that many of its provisions  will be considered as we go through the negotiation process to get a  bill to the President's desk. The bill that we sponsored is the called  SUCCEED Act. It is the Solution for Undocumented Children through  Careers, Employment, Education, and Defending our Nation Act. It is a  lot like the BRIDGE Act, in that we go to the DACA population, and we  know something about the DACA population that I think is oftentimes  overlooked. It is a great group of people. There are a little bit less  than 2 million. Many of them are working hard, going to school, and  serving in our military. They deserve an opportunity and to be provided  a way to be able to recognize they are legally present in this country.   That is what I think we are going to accomplish with this SECURE Act.  This is what I hope my Democrat colleagues will do, those who actually  endorse the BRIDGE Act. There are many of them. Senator Grassley ran  through the list. I will not do it again. Let's sit down and solve this  problem. Let's accept that there are people at the far left who are  going to stand on one issue at the expense of letting March 5 pass and  have the DACA population at risk. Let's also tell the people at the far  right who want nothing less than full deportation, that that is not  going to happen.   Let the people in the center who want to come up with a sustainable,  respectful, compassionate solution that is paired up with solid border  security measures and interior enforcement, provide a solution for this  population. I think my colleagues who have worked together in the  working group that Chairman Grassley has led are committed to working  with Democrats to come up with a reasonable solution. I know that I am.  I know my colleague, Senator Lankford, is.   I hope that everybody will sit down and recognize that, at the end of  the day, this is for our Nation's security and the security and the  certainty of the DACA population. If we set out about accomplishing  those two goals, then I think we will be very successful. Then we can  start building on that dialogue for so many other things we need to  talk about when it comes to interior enforcement and immigration  reform.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oklahoma.   