 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of this rule that would allow the  House of Representatives to debate legislation I introduced, H.R. 1699,  the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act.  [[Page H9532]]    Homeownership, for many, is part of the American Dream; however,  overbroad and burdensome regulations arising out of the Dodd-Frank  financial control law are limiting the ability of Americans to realize  this dream.   Specifically, a one-size-fits-all regulation issued by the  unaccountable Consumer Financial Protection Bureau makes it harder for  lenders to offer mortgages to hardworking Americans who simply want to  buy a manufactured home. By expanding the range of loan products  considered ``high cost'' under the Home Ownership and Equity Protection  Act, the CFPB has failed to recognize the unique nature of manufactured  housing loans. Because of the increased legal liabilities and stigma  associated with making a so-called high-cost mortgage, some lenders  have simply stopped making these loans.   According to recent Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data, data that is  submitted to the government, the number of manufactured homes of  $75,000 or less has plummeted by 22 percent since this regulation went  into effect. As a result, the CFPB's overzealous regulation harms lower  and moderate-income families, particularly in rural areas, who just  want to purchase a manufactured home but, now, cannot access the  necessary financing. In addition, existing homeowners are harmed  because they won't be able to sell their homes.    These rules are hitting Americans in rural and suburban areas and  those with modest means the hardest. Take, for example, the hospital  worker, in Kentucky, who applied for a loan of $38,500 to finance a  manufactured home. He had an 8 percent downpayment. His monthly income  was $2,200 per month, plenty to cover the all-in housing costs of $670  per month. The payment he would have been investing in his own home  would have been less than what he was spending on rent, but he was  unable to get financing. He contacted local banks and credit unions,  but they no longer finance manufactured homes.   The reason for this crippling lack of lending is the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau and its so-called high-cost loan  regulations and the definitions of ``mortgage originator'' and ``loan  originator'' established in Dodd-Frank. These regulations fail to take  into account the unique circumstances associated with manufactured  housing and the fixed costs associated with any home purchase, large or  small. They fail to recognize the simple mathematical fact that fixed  costs on smaller loans translate into higher percentages of the total  loan.   Even if interest payments on manufactured homes are more than your  average home, the payments are still more affordable than the all-in  cost of a site-built home--or even rent, in many markets. That is not  predatory lending. That is actually getting people into more affordable  housing. This is especially the case when you consider that purchasing  a manufactured home, as opposed to renting, allows the owners to build  equity, leading to financial stability for those Americans.   The Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act recognizes the  unique nature of the manufactured housing industry, and it fixes these  government-caused problems by modifying the definition of ``loan  originators'' and ``mortgage originators'' to exclude manufactured  housing retailers and sellers from the definition of ``loan  originator'' so long as they are only receiving compensation for the  sale of the home and not engaged in the financing of the loans.   The legislation also increases the thresholds for high-cost loans to  accommodate manufactured home purchases of up to $75,000 while still  retaining tough restrictions on lenders to prevent any borrowers from  being taken advantage of.   As Members of Congress, we have an obligation to protect the American  people from regulations that harm their ability to purchase affordable  homes for themselves and their families. We need to end government  policies that are issued under the guise of consumer protection when  those policies actually are protecting Americans right out of  homeownership. Again, that is not consumer protection.   So, for these reasons and the fact that about 40 different  proconsumer and probusiness trade associations support this  legislation, I urge my colleagues to vote for this rule.   This is not the only reason why we should vote for the rule. The  other legislation, introduced by my friend from Kentucky, the Ensuring  a Qualified Civil Service Act, is another piece of legislation that  will help ensure that the U.S. Federal Government has a competent  workforce.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Comer for his hard work on this  issue, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this rule.   