 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to discuss the tax bill, what we  have done before, and what we have now in front of us. That is not what  the American people want. It is what large corporations want--large,  multinational corporations that get their corporate tax rate cut from  35 to 20 percent. It is what the well-to-do want. That is what is  before us.   Now, let me explain. Anyone who says that this bill is all for the  middle class is not giving the full story. What they are not telling  you is that the tax cuts for the middle class expire in 7 or 8 years.  That is not what is being told.   Folks are not telling you that this bill will put small businesses at  a competitive disadvantage, making it easier for large, multinational  corporations to crush local small businesses. I say this as a Senator  from Florida, since small business is the economic backbone of our  State, not the large multinational corporations.   What people are not telling you is that this bill will cause  healthcare premiums to go up by 10 percent and will force 13 million  people to lose their health insurance, and that is according to an  independent analysis by CBO, the Congressional Budget Office.   Folks are not telling you that this bill will send thousands of  jobs--American jobs--overseas. It is not a jobs bill; it is a bill that  is going to send jobs overseas because the tax rate for income produced  overseas for large, multinational corporations is going to be less than  the tax rate for those same corporations producing the income in  America. This is exactly what is in the bill.  [[Page S7382]]    They are not telling you all the other ways that CBO says this bill  will hurt ordinary Americans. For example, beginning in 2019, CBO says  anyone making under $30,000 a year will take a hit from this bill if it  becomes law. Then, in 2021, anyone making under $40,000 will start to  feel the pinch. Finally, in 2027, anyone making under $75,000 is  actually going get a tax increase. That is what folks are not telling  you, but that is what is in print in the bill. All the while, the big,  multinational corporations and those at the economic top will continue  to reap the benefits of tax cuts.   This is not fooling; this is what the bill says. Once folks find out  what is in this bill, there is going to be a day of reckoning. The  question is, When are they going to find out? Are they going to wait  until they see that everybody--in about 7 years--earning under $75,000  is actually getting a tax increase? What the bill needs is balance.   This Senator is a member of the Finance Committee. We tried to add  balance in the committee, but our Republican colleagues insisted on  voting down every Democratic amendment that was brought up, only making  changes on the margin to say that they had gone through regular order.  An amendment of this Senator's to increase the child tax credit was  voted down, 14 to 12.   In the meantime, the real bill is being written in secret by one  party, with a new iteration to change it coming out almost every other  day. I wish I were kidding. In fact, it came out the week before  Thanksgiving. On Monday, we started marking it up. A new version came  out on Tuesday. A new version came out on Wednesday. Then, in the  markup on Thursday before Thanksgiving week, lo and behold, there was a  new version with a so-called managers' amendment. The bill starts  changing colors, with each new version trying to top the last in what  it is doing to the middle class.   This isn't the way we should be doing the people's business. We ought  to be coming together to find a way to negotiate a tax bill that works  for most Americans, not pit red States against blue States or make it  harder for cities to invest in infrastructure. We shouldn't have a tax  bill that makes healthcare less affordable and takes healthcare away  from 13 million people and, on top of all of this, that increases the  national debt by almost $1.5 trillion on top of the $20 trillion of  national debt.   What the American people want is for us to work together, to work on  bipartisan compromise, but what we have is the opposite of that. The  American people want the best way to ensure a good outcome for the  widest majority of Americans. I daresay, if we put a tax bill on this  floor in a bipartisan way, it would end up having 70 to 80 votes out of  100 Senators in a big, resounding, bipartisan vote, but that is not the  course that has been chosen.   I want to give one other example. Some Senators are being told that  the health insurance part of this bill ends up raising rates by 10  percent and taking health insurance away from 13 million Americans.  They are saying that in a series of bills that this Senator has worked  on in a bipartisan fashion, some of them being initiated in a  bipartisan way out of the HELP Committee by Senator Alexander and  Senator Murray--some are saying that those bills, including a bill that  this Senator has cosponsored with Senator Collins to establish a  reinsurance fund--and in some States, the use of it has lowered  premiums by 20 percent--some say that all of those fixes to the  Affordable Care Act will completely overshadow and take away the health  insurance premiums that this tax bill has that CBO has said will raise  premiums 10 percent.   That argument has been made why some Republican Senators should vote  for this tax bill, but, in fact, the Congressional Budget Office came  out today with a letter saying that that is not true, that the rates on  what is being done in this tax bill on health insurance will still go  up 10 percent almost every year for the next 10 years. That is not this  Senator saying that; that is in a letter of November 29 by the  Congressional Budget Office.   So how we ought to do it is the same way the last major tax bill was  passed. It was way back in 1986. It was when Ronald Reagan was  President and the Speaker of the House was Tip O'Neill. They were two  old Irishmen who used to fight like the dickens. But they had a  personal friendship. They had a personal relationship. They could cut  through all the political differences. When it was time to get things  done, they could come to a bipartisan consensus. In 1986, they found a  way to do it, and the middle class was the one that benefited.   We know it can be done. It has been done before. This isn't 1986;  this is 2017. Things have changed. It has gotten a lot more partisan  around here. It has gotten a lot more ideologically rigid. But when you  are doing major tax bills that affect one-sixth of the American  economy, isn't it time to revert to what we did back in 1986 when we  came together in bipartisan consensus? As long as there is a will,  there is a way. And in the midst of this extreme, toxic atmosphere of  high partisanship, what I hope is that we might find the will to cut  through that and say: Indeed, there is a way, and it is a bipartisan  way. We just need willing partners on both sides.   I pray that will occur between now and Christmas before we do  something we are going to regret, so that we can do something for the  American economy and so that we can do something for the American  people, that they finally say: This is the way I want our public  servants to act. I want them to act in consensus building in a  bipartisan or a nonpartisan way. I hope that will be our Christmas  present.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, we do want to go far, and we need to  travel together. We have been trying to make the case that, indeed, we  do this in a bipartisan way instead of being jammed through in a  partisan way.   I don't think there would be a Senator in this Chamber that would not  want to help Puerto Rico, given the fact that Puerto Rico is going  through the ravages of the aftermath of a hurricane, where still today  just under half of the population in Puerto Rico does not have  electricity, and it is 3 months after the hurricane. But we are going  to send another hurricane to Puerto Rico if we pass this bill because  of the provisions that are so punitive to Puerto Rico in this tax bill.   In this tax bill, there is a 20-percent penalty on businesses doing  business in Puerto Rico. It is just unbelievable, a 20-percent penalty  on companies that invest in Puerto Rico, causing one of the daily  newspapers on the island, El Nuevo Dia, to state that 250,000 jobs  would leave the island just as a result of that provision. That is not  something we want to do to Puerto Rico. We want to help Puerto Rico.   Unfortunately, that is not all. The bill eliminates the section 199  manufacturing deduction for Puerto Rico, specifically in the law to  encourage manufacturing in that island Commonwealth, a territory of our  fellow U.S. citizens.   The bill also eliminates the rum cover, which is how they get a  rebate for paying those excise taxes on the production of Puerto Rican  and U.S. Virgin Islands rum. It is a means of offsetting the cost of  economic development in those two territories, Puerto Rico and the U.S.  Virgin Islands.   This bill further fails to put Puerto Rico residents on an equal  footing with those on the mainland by giving them the same treatment on  the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit.   First, the bill is so out of balance, to begin with. But then, when  you get down to the specifics in so many of the items--now, in this  particular item affecting Puerto Rico--this is not what we want to do.  Yet we are just about to vote on this bill, and that is what is going  to happen. That is what is going to happen in Puerto Rico.   I urge some of our Members to reconsider their vote.   I yield the floor.   