 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Reauthorizing the SBIR and STTR programs are critical to supporting  our Nation's most forward-thinking entrepreneurs and innovators. I am  relieved that we are preserving the critical parts of the programs and  continuing to improve upon the programs themselves.   These programs have proven to be one of the most successful Federal  programs for technological innovation in United States history,  delivering more than 70,000 patents and valuable innovations in  agriculture, defense, energy, health sciences, homeland security,  space, transportation, and other fields.   Through Phase I and Phase II SBIR, countless jobs have been created  in the capital region of New York. It is through programs such as SBIR  that our region has developed the underpinnings of support for a boom  in high technology innovation and economic development.   One of many examples of this is Ecovative Design located within my  congressional district in Green Island, New York, which has benefitted  from the SBIR program over a number of years. These efforts will allow  the company to continue its work on a replacement of engineered wood  resins that will be economically competitive and nontoxic.   The resin system represents cost and energy savings, and is capable  of leveraging existing manufacturing equipment in production today.  This funding will help them deliver on the promise of this innovative  technology.   Gavin McIntyre, cofounder and chief scientist at Ecovative said:  ``We're very excited to bring our new material technology to market and  displace toxic formaldehyde-based resins. The SBIR/STTR program was  fundamental to how Ecovative got its start and has enabled us to  continue to take risks and develop game-changing technology.''   While this bill is a positive step forward towards helping more small  businesses, we must do more to help other small businesses develop  these types of game-changing technologies.   I recognize the value of research and I will fight to see more  funding for all these agencies and, in turn, more funding for the SBIR  and STTR programs.   