 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, before I start, what I wanted to share is I have been  blessed to be on the Ways and Means Committee now for 11 months. I have  found the members on the left, the right, a group of folks with pretty  high IQs. It is a smart bunch. We have different views, even within our  own, within your own, but it is fascinating. It is joyful to be on a  committee where when you do argue with each other, particularly when we  have conversations in the back, they happen at a fairly high level.   Can I give you sort of a personal global view of how I am viewing  this tax reform? I truly believe this will be the single biggest, most  important vote I make in my life.   We all know what status quo is. Status quo, in many of the models,  basically says, in about 15, 18 years, we hit a debt crisis. Are we  arguing here for status quo or our change, or are we having an argument  here that you don't like our changes, but you also agree we need to  have a revolution in our economic growth?   If we build our lives as it is set right now with a 1.8, 1.9 percent  GDP growth for the next three decades, my 2-year-old's future is  miserable. Those very seniors whom someone was just speaking about, do  you understand what happens to those earned entitlements? There is no  money. We hit a debt crisis. We are just a few years away from publicly  held debt equaling the size of our entire economy.   If you love people, if you care about this country keeping its  promises, we have got to grow. We have seen the attempts at sort of  managed economy, managed control, managed targeted.   How about something much more elegant: let's make us competitive in  the world again; let's get rid of all the lobbyist-created little  special deals in the Tax Code, or as many as we can politically, and do  everything we can to get this economy growing.   Yes, it is going to require more, in my view of the world, than tax  reform. We are going to have to deal with immigration, we are going to  have to deal with technology, we are going to have to deal with  regulation, but we all know around here that if we do not have a  revolution in this Tax Code, our future is pretty dark.   With economic growth, our future is actually really bright. When you  see the Atlanta Fed telling us, just in anticipation of tax reform, we  have crossed 3\1/2\ percent GDP growth right now, maybe that 1.8  percent misery of economic growth isn't our future, isn't the future  for my little girl, isn't the future for every American, but it is an  opportunity for this country to start looking as it should: a land of  opportunity.   