 Mr. President, I have stood in this place many times and  addressed as ``President'' many Presiding Officers. I have been so  addressed when I have sat in that chair, and that is as close as I will  ever be to a Presidency. It is an honorific we are almost indifferent  too; isn't it? In truth, presiding over the Senate can be a nuisance, a  bit of a ceremonial bore, and it is usually relegated to the more  junior Members of the majority.   But as I stand here today--looking a little worse for wear, I am  sure--I have a refreshed appreciation for the protocols and customs of  this body and for the other 99 privileged souls who have been elected  to this Senate.   I have been a Member of the U.S. Senate for 30 years. I had another  long, if not as long, career before I arrived here, another profession  that was profoundly rewarding and in which I had experiences and  friendships that I revere. Make no mistake, my service here is the most  important job I have had in my life. I am so grateful to the people of  Arizona for the privilege--for the honor--of serving here and the  opportunities it gives me to play a small role in the history of the  country I love.   I have known and admired men and women in the Senate who played much  more than a small role in our history--true statesmen, giants of  American politics. They came from both parties and from various  backgrounds. Their ambitions were frequently in conflict. They held  different views on the issues of the day. They often had very serious  disagreements about how best to serve the national interest.   But they knew that however sharp and heartfelt their disputes and  however keen their ambitions, they had an obligation to work  collaboratively to ensure the Senate discharged its constitutional  responsibilities effectively. Our responsibilities are important-- vitally important--to the continued success of our Republic. Our arcane  rules and customs are deliberatively intended to require broad  cooperation to function well at all. The most revered Members of this  institution accepted the necessity of compromise in order to make  incremental progress on solving America's problems and to defend her  from her adversaries.   That principled mindset and the service of our predecessors who  possessed it come to mind when I hear the Senate referred to as the  world's greatest deliberative body. I am not sure we can claim that  distinction with a straight face today. I am sure it wasn't always  deserved in previous eras either. I am sure there have been times when  it was, and I was privileged to witness some of those occasions.   Our deliberations today, not just our debates but the exercise of all  our responsibilities--authorizing government policies, appropriating  the funds to implement them, exercising our advice and consent role-- are often lively and interesting. They can be sincere and principled,  but they are more partisan, more tribal more of the time than at any  time I can remember. Our deliberations can still be important and  useful, but I think we would all agree they haven't been overburdened  by greatness lately. Right now, they aren't producing much for the  American people.   Both sides have let this happen. Let's leave the history of who shot  first to the historians. I suspect they will find we all conspired in  our decline, either by deliberate actions or neglect. We have all  played some role in it. Certainly, I have. Sometimes, I have let my  passion rule my reason. Sometimes I made it harder to find common  ground because of something harsh I said to a colleague. Sometimes I  wanted to win more for the sake of winning than to achieve a contested  policy.   Incremental progress, compromises that each side criticizes but also  accepts, and just plain muddling through to chip away at problems and  to keep  [[Page S4169]]  our enemies from doing their worst aren't glamorous or exciting. It  doesn't feel like a political triumph. It is usually the most we can  expect from our system of government, operating in a country as  diverse, quarrelsome, and free as ours.   Considering the injustice and cruelties inflicted by autocratic  governments and how corruptible human nature can be, the problem- solving our system does make possible, the fitful progress it produces,  and the liberty and justice it preserves, are a magnificent  achievement.   Our system doesn't depend on our nobility. It accounts for our  imperfections and gives an order to our individual strivings that has  helped make ours the most powerful and prosperous society on Earth. It  is our responsibility to preserve that, even when it requires us to do  something less satisfying than winning, even when we must give a little  to get a little, even when our efforts managed just 3 yards in a cloud  of dust, while critics on both sides denounced us for timidity, for our  failure to triumph.   I hope we can again rely on humility, on our need to cooperate, on  our dependence on each other to learn how to trust each other again  and, by so doing, better serve the people who elected us. Stop  listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio and television and  the internet. To hell with them. They don't want anything done for the  public good. Our incapacity is their livelihood.    Let's trust each other. Let's return to regular order. We have been  spinning our wheels on too many important issues because we keep trying  to find a way to win without help from across the aisle. That is an  approach that has been employed by both sides: mandating legislation  from the top down, without any support from the other side, with all  the parliamentary maneuvers it requires. We are getting nothing done,  my friends. We are getting nothing done.   All we have really done this year is confirm Neil Gorsuch to the  Supreme Court. Our healthcare insurance system is a mess. We all know  it, those who support ObamaCare and those who oppose it. Something has  to be done. We Republicans have looked for a way to end it and replace  it with something else without paying a terrible political price. We  haven't found it yet. I am not sure we will. All we have managed to do  is make more popular a policy that wasn't very popular when we started  trying to get rid of it. I voted for the motion to proceed to allow  debate to continue and amendments to be offered.   I will not vote for this bill as it is today. It is a shell of a bill  right now. We all know that. I have changes urged by my State's  Governor that will have to be included to earn my support for final  passage of any bill. I know many of you will have to see the bill  changed substantially for you to support it. We have tried to do this  by coming up with a proposal behind closed doors in consultation with  the administration, then springing it on skeptical Members, trying to  convince them it is better than nothing--that it is better than  nothing--asking us to swallow our doubts and force it past a unified  opposition. I don't think that is going to work in the end and probably  shouldn't.   The administration and congressional Democrats shouldn't have forced  through Congress, without any opposition support, a social and economic  change as massive as ObamaCare, and we shouldn't do the same with ours.  Why don't we try the old way of legislating in the Senate--the way our  rules and customs encourage us to act. If this process ends in failure,  which seems likely, then let's return to regular order. Let the Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, under Chairman Alexander and  Ranking Member Murray, hold hearings, try to report a bill out of  committee with contributions from both sides--something that my dear  friends on the other side of the aisle didn't allow to happen 9 years  ago. Let's see if we can pass something that will be imperfect, full of  compromises, and not very pleasing to implacable partisans on either  side but that might provide workable solutions to problems Americans  are struggling with today.   What have we to lose by trying to work together to find those  solutions? We are not getting much done apart. I don't think any of us  feels very proud of our incapacity. Merely preventing your political  opponents from doing what they want isn't the most inspiring work.  There is greater satisfaction in respecting our differences but not  letting them prevent agreements that don't require abandonment of core  principles; agreements made in good faith, that help improve lives and  protect the American people. The Senate is capable of that. We know  that. We have seen it before. I have seen it happen many times. And the  times when I was involved, even in a modest way with working on a  bipartisan response to a national problem or threat, are the proudest  moments of my career and by far the most satisfying.   This place is important. The work we do is important. Our strange  rules and seemingly eccentric practices that slow our proceedings and  insist on our cooperation are important. Our Founders envisioned the  Senate as the more deliberative, careful body that operates at a  greater distance than the other body from the public passions of the  hour. We are an important check on the powers of the Executive. Our  consent is necessary for the President to appoint jurists and powerful  government officials and, in many respects, to conduct foreign policy.  Whether or not we are of the same party, we are not the President's  subordinates, we are his equal.   As his responsibilities are onerous, many, and powerful, so are ours.  We play a vital role in shaping and directing the judiciary, the  military, and the Cabinet; in planning and supporting foreign and  domestic policies. Our success in meeting all these awesome  constitutional obligations depends upon cooperation among ourselves.   The success of the Senate is important to the continued success of  America. This country--this big, boisterous, brawling, intemperate,  restless, striving, daring, beautiful, bountiful, brave, good, and  magnificent country--needs us to help it thrive. That responsibility is  more important than any of our personal interests or political  affiliations. We are the servants of a great nation, ``a . . . nation,  conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are  created equal.'' More people have lived free and prosperous lives here  than in any other Nation. We have acquired unprecedented wealth and  power because of our governing principles, and because our government  defended those principles.   America has made a greater contribution than any other nation to an  international order that has liberated more people from tyranny and  poverty than ever before in history. We have been the greatest example,  the greatest supporter, and the greatest defender of that order. We  aren't afraid. We don't covet other people's land and wealth. We don't  hide behind walls. We breach them. We are a blessing to humanity.   What greater cause could we hope to serve than helping keep America  the strong, aspiring, inspirational beacon of liberty and defender of  dignity of all human beings and their right to freedom and equal  justice? That is the cause that binds us and is so much more powerful  and worthy than the small differences that divide us.   What a great honor and extraordinary opportunity it is to serve in  this body. It is a privilege to serve with all of you. I mean it. Many  of you have reached out in the last few days with your concern and your  prayers. It means a lot to me. It really does. I have had so many  people say such nice things about me recently that I think some of you  must have me confused with someone else. I appreciate it, though, every  word, even if much of it isn't deserved.   I will be here for a few days--I hope managing the floor debate on  the Defense authorization bill, which I am proud to say is again a  product of bipartisan cooperation and trust among the members of the  Senate Armed Services Committee. After that, I am going home for a  while to treat my illness. I have every intention of returning here and  giving many of you cause to regret all the nice things you said about  me, and I hope to impress on you again that it is an honor to serve the  American people in your company.   Thank you, fellow Senators.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   (Applause, Senators rising.)   