 DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise today in  opposition to this terrible bill. Many of my colleagues have called it  a scam, and they are absolutely right.   Supporters of this bill have said that everyone gets a tax cut. That  is not true. Millions of Americans get a tax increase; more and more  each year, in fact.   Supporters of this bill have called it a middle class tax cut. That  is not true. The lion's share of the money goes to corporations and  households making $1 million or more, not to the family struggling  paycheck to paycheck.   What this bill gives to the middle class in one hand, it takes it  away with the other with devastating consequences for households with  high medical costs, student loans, or high State and local taxes.   Supporters of this bill have claimed that it will keep companies from  moving jobs overseas, create new jobs here at home, raise wages for  American workers. That is not true. While this bill cuts corporate tax  rates, it creates new incentives for shipping our jobs abroad.   Finally, does anyone really believe that tax cuts for corporations  and the rich will trickle down to the rest of us?   It didn't work in the Reagan administration. It didn't work in the  Bush administration. It didn't work in Kansas, and it is not going to  work today.   Make no mistake, this massive tax cut for corporations and the rich  will increase deficits and the national debt by trillions of dollars,  sticking the rest of us, especially our kids, with the bill.   Madam Speaker, this massive tax cut for corporations and the wealthy  is not a middle class tax cut. It won't create jobs or raise wages. It  isn't simple, it isn't reform, and it certainly won't pay for itself.   If we want to increase economic growth, let's give a real break to  the middle class and the small businesses. They will put that money  right back into the economy. That is the way to create jobs and boost  wages.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this giveaway to the  rich and to start over with a bipartisan bill that truly benefits the  middle class.   