 Mr. President, tonight, President Trump will address a  joint session of Congress for the very first time. This, of course,  will be his first opportunity as President to talk about his agenda and  his vision for the Nation with the American people, who will be  listening. I look forward to hearing what he has to say.   He will, undoubtedly, talk about the promises he made during the  campaign and how he is working to deliver on them for the American  people. I know the cornerstone of that vision for America is that of  reviving our economy and boosting job growth.   Fortunately, he has already taken a few steps--through Executive  action--in that direction, for which I am grateful. He has also  nominated top-notch financial and economic advisers to look at our  archaic Tax Code and to review our trade agreements so as to get our  country back on track. He has begun to trim the fat of our bureaucracy,  and he continues to push for measures that keep the government from  interfering unnecessarily in the lives of American families.   Congress has also played an important role. Earlier this month, we  passed the first of several resolutions of disapproval under the  Congressional Review Act--one, to roll back the erosion of Second  Amendment rights and another to repeal a job-killing rule that targeted  our energy providers. There were others as well.   These rules have one characteristic in common, which is that all of  these rules that we are rolling back through congressional resolutions  of disapproval were put in place under the Obama administration. They  frequently represent overreach in executive authority or in, certainly,  what is prudent when it comes to regulation. There is such a thing as  prudent regulation and overregulation, and I think what we saw is  regulatory overreach under the Obama administration.   We finally have a President in the White House who will sign these  bills into law that we pass here. I am glad the President is delivering  on his promise to protect American jobs and to grow our economy, and he  is willing to work with Congress to do just that.   Another area in which Congress and the administration are working  together is in repealing and replacing ObamaCare. ObamaCare is,  perhaps, President Obama's signature legacy. His healthcare law, by all  accounts, is completely unsustainable and is, essentially, creating a  real crisis for the people who happen to be on those exchanges.   Texas families cannot afford these high monthly premiums or the sky- high deductibles that so often go along with them. In fact, here is an  interesting statistic. In Texas, if you have a gross income of $24,000  a year, you could well end up spending 30 percent of your gross income  on healthcare costs. That certainly doesn't sound affordable, which was  the promise of ObamaCare.   I look forward to working with our colleagues to deliver on the  promise we made to the American people to repeal ObamaCare and put in  its place a healthcare law that actually works for people, not against  them--one that provides them with more choices and fewer mandates; if  they like their doctors, they can keep their doctors; if they like  their plans, they can keep their plans; and, yes, they can even save  money. All of this was promised under ObamaCare, but none of it has  proven to be true.   We do know some of the basic principles of that replacement for  ObamaCare--that of moving healthcare decisions, for example, away from  Washington to where they belong--with patients, their families, and  their doctors. Actually, I think this is sort of the healthcare  counterpart of what we did with the Every Student Succeeds Act, which  was the follow-on to No Child Left Behind in moving more of the  decision-making out of Washington and back to the States--back to the  people most intimately affected and the people most interested in the  results.   We also believe in giving patients the right tools they can use, like  health savings accounts, to make their healthcare more portable and  more affordable; in breaking down barriers that restrict choice and  prevent Americans from picking the insurance plans that are best for  them and their families; and, finally, in empowering small businesses  to provide employees with the same kind of affordable health coverage  that meets their needs. Association health plans is, perhaps, one of  the most commonly recognized means of doing that.   I am glad that we finally have a President in office who will work  with us and not against us when it comes to repealing and replacing  ObamaCare and in giving the American people more choices at a price  they can afford when it comes to their health care.   For our economy to grow, we have to have a stable and safe country,  though, where our people can flourish. That brings me to President  Trump's latest promise to restore national security as the number one  priority in our budgeting process. He has already nominated and we have  confirmed two incredibly strong leaders to key posts in his national  security Cabinet. That would be Defense Secretary Mattis and Homeland  Security Secretary Kelly. I am confident that these men will do a  stand-up job. America is lucky to have them continuing to serve our  Nation in these new positions, and I am grateful to them for their  service. The safety of our communities and the safety of our country  and world peace is our chief job.    As Ronald Reagan demonstrated, the best way to keep the world  peaceful is for America to remain strong because when America retreats  from the world stage, when America no longer leads or when we underfund  our national security requirements, all it does is encourages the  bullies and the tyrants and the thugs around the world to fill the gap.  That is what we have seen time and time again, ranging from Vladimir  Putin in Russia--the best message we can send to Vladimir Putin is not  necessarily additional Russian sanctions, which I would vote in favor  of, but to quit the reversing of our spending on national security  priorities. That is something he understands--strength. That is  something he will respect. He does not respect weakness. In fact, it is  an enticement to him to dangerous activities, as we have seen not only  in Crimea and Ukraine but also now in Syria and the Greater Middle  East.   I have to say that the truth is, since the Budget Control Act of 2011  and the sequestration process that came along with that, we haven't  made national security our No. 1 priority--the priority it should be. I  hope, working together with our colleagues and the administration, we  can fix that because there are a lot of things the Federal Government  funds that are simply things that we would like to do but are not  absolutely essential to our existence, our prosperity, and our welfare,  such as national security.   I think President Trump has demonstrated that he understands what the  priorities should be, and I know he will keep the goal of national  security at the forefront. We ought to do everything we can, working  together with this administration, to make that a success.   I look forward to hearing the President talk about some of his  accomplishments in the 5 short weeks since he has been in office. You  look at the stock market, for example, at historic  [[Page S1463]]  highs. I think there is a lot of anticipation, a growing confidence not  only in our economy but that America is now back in a leadership role  and that the whole world will end up benefiting--most importantly, the  American people.   I am eager to learn about how Congress can continue to partner with  our new President to make his administration a success, so that America  can remain a success, and to make the rest of his campaign promises a  reality.   