 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are here to consider another joint  resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act. This one,  H.J. Res. 69, repeals the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's regulation  and would allow extreme and inhumane hunting practices on National  Wildlife Refuges in Alaska.   My first concern about this measure is that it is a distraction. It  benefits special interests to the detriment of the American people at a  time when Congress should be focused on much more pressing issues.   Mr. President, 24 million Americans are at risk of losing their  healthcare. Clean air and clean water protections are threatened. The  President is proposing to cut Meals on Wheels, Head Start, the arts and  humanities, and the National Institutes of Health. Each day we learn  more details about the President and his team's connections to Russia  and about Russia's involvement in our elections.   The American people want Congress to work together to rebuild our  Nation's infrastructure and boost our economy. Instead, Congress is  wasting time and energy using the Congressional Review Act to repeal  commonsense rules that protect people, places, and iconic species.  These rules have been vetted over months and years through a thorough  public process, but if we repeal them using the CRA, these measures  will be permanently blocked unless Congress passes a new law directing  the government to act.   My second concern is just as serious. I support responsible hunting  practices. Many New Mexicans hunt for sport and for food, but the vast  majority of hunters also recognize that some practices are  counterproductive, unsportsmanlike, cruel, and they can even wipe out  species and the diversity of wildlife in certain regions. The Fish and  Wildlife's rule deals with that issue, and it carries Congress's  express direction that the Service protect natural diversity at  national wildlife refuges in Alaska.   We are talking about national wildlife refuges. These are the  country's refuges. The Service bars a few extreme practices for hunting  bears, wolves, and coyotes that are totally inappropriate on national  wildlife refuge land. These extreme practices include targeting and  killing black bears and brown bears and their cubs, and wolves and  coyotes and their pups during denning season; baiting Grizzly bears  with food so they are easier to kill at point-blank range; trapping  brown and black bears with steel-jawed traps that shut on the animal's  leg, leaving them to suffer indefinitely; and shooting bears from  aircraft or killing them same-day from spotting them with aircraft.  Many of these practices violate ``fair chase'' ethical standards  established and used by sportsmen across the country. Alaska voters  actually oppose these practices.   We are not talking about private hunting land. This is Federal refuge  land. Fish and Wildlife's rule is based on sound science and  appropriate wildlife management standards. The rule doesn't change or  restrict the taking of fish or wildlife for subsistence purposes, which  some Alaskans count on to feed their families, and it doesn't restrict  sport hunting. Fish and Wildlife's rule is not an anti-hunting rule. It  is a commonsense guideline that ensures bear and wolf populations, as  well as caribou, elk, and moose, are sustained for generations to come.   Let me reiterate that. Like the vast majority of New Mexicans, I  support hunting and sportsmen's access to public lands consistent with  State and Federal law and sound wildlife management practices. Fish and  Wildlife's rule  [[Page S1881]]  doesn't affect these uses at all in any way. Fish and Wildlife's rule  carries out Congress's intent in three longstanding pieces of  legislation that are now law: the 1980 Alaska National Interest Lands  Conservation Act, or ANILCA; the 1966 National Wildlife Administration  Act; and the 1964 Wilderness Act. Importantly, none of these laws  prevents reasonable hunting. Together, those acts establish national  wildlife refuges and provide for their management, and they establish  the 76 million acres of national refuges in Alaska. Alaska accounts for  over 85 percent of our National Wildlife Refuge System, so this is not  a State or parochial issue. The rule governs the vast majority of  refuge lands designated for protection by Congress.   Again, none of these laws prevents reasonable hunting on national  refuges. National wildlife refuges are established for the benefit of  ``present and future generations of Americans'' and for the whole  nation. Every American has an ownership stake in and a right to enjoy  public lands and the astounding scenic, cultural, and natural qualities  that make these places so special.   The first listed purpose of ANILCA is to ``conserve fish and wildlife  populations and habitats in their natural diversity.'' The words  ``natural diversity'' are important to this discussion. My uncle,  Congressman Mo Udall, was the floor manager for the House when ANILCA  passed in 1980. On the House floor, he said the term natural diversity  meant ``protecting and managing all fish and wildlife populations  within a particular wildlife refuge system unit in the natural `mix,'  not to emphasize management activities favoring one species to the  detriment of another.''   He also said that in managing for natural diversity, Congress's  intent was to ``direct the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to the best  of its ability . . . to manage wildlife refuges to assure that habitat  diversity is maintained through natural means, avoiding artificial  developments and habitat manipulation programs; to assure that wildlife  refuge management fully considers the fact that humans reside  permanently within the boundaries of some areas and are dependent . . .  on wildlife refuge subsistence resources; and to allow management  flexibility in developing new and innovative management programs  different from the lower 48 standards, but in the context of  maintaining natural diversity of fish and wildlife populations and  their dependent habitats for the long-term benefit of all citizens.''   Fish and Wildlife's rule carries out congressional intent by managing  the national refuges in Alaska for natural diversity through natural,  not artificial means, by continuing to allow for subsistence hunting,  and by managing the law for the benefit of all--exactly what  Representative Mo Udall said the act was intended to accomplish.   Maintaining natural diversity means promoting the health of all fish,  wildlife, and plants in the ecosystem, not favoring certain species and  harming others, and not interfering with natural ecosystems. Protecting  bears and wolves and other apex predators is essential. It helps  maintain predator-prey relationships and the health of Alaska's Arctic  and sub-Arctic ecosystems.   Federal and State laws overlay management of public lands, including  national wildlife refuges. State law on fish and wildlife management  applies on national refuge land as long as it is consistent with  Federal law. The Fish and Wildlife Service in the State of Alaska  worked together for years to manage fish and wildlife on Alaskan  refuges, and Federal requirements ensured that hunting was balanced  with conservation of wildlife and their habitat.   Alaska law did not conflict with Federal law until an Alaskan  administrative agency, the Alaska Board of Game, adopted rules allowing  for extreme hunting practices on national wildlife refuges within  Alaska's borders. The Board of Game said it targeted reduction of wolf,  black bear, and brown bear to increase the moose, caribou, and deer  populations for harvesting. But the indiscriminate killing of bears and  wolves to provide more game hunting is contrary to ANILCA. That law  directs the preservation of the ``natural diversity'' or ``natural  mix'' of wildlife. The Board of Game regulation allowing extreme  hunting practices is not consistent with the law.   As I said earlier, while the Fish and Wildlife's rule does not allow  extreme hunting practices, it does not change the rules for subsistence  hunting or sports hunting. It even authorizes a process for predator  control to benefit prey species and to meet refuge purposes. The  process is based on sound science, an evaluation of alternatives, and  an assessment of impacts to subsistence uses and needs. Again, Alaskans  don't support overturning the Service's rule to allow indiscriminate  killing of apex predators. A February 2016 Remington poll found that  Alaska voters oppose the extreme hunting practices banned under the  Fish and Wildlife's rule by wide margins. Alaska voters don't want to  see unsporting and cruel practices used to kill bears, wolves, and  coyotes on National Wildlife Refuges in their State.   Wildlife watching is an important part of Alaska's economy. Each  year, thousands of tourists visit Alaska's national wildlife refuges to  see iconic wildlife. According to a Fish and Wildlife report, wildlife  watching on the National Wildlife Refuge System contributed over $2  billion to Alaska's economy in 2011. That same year, hunting  contributed approximately $425 million.   Congress's repeated use of the Congressional Review Act with no  public hearing, no record or evidence, no use of science, and no  stakeholder involvement is a bad way to legislate. It makes government  opaque and inaccessible, and what people want to see is transparency  and openness, which we didn't have here. It caters to special interests  behind the scenes and outside of public view. It makes the swamp  murkier than ever.   Fish and Wildlife's rule carries out what Congress wanted when it  established the wildlife refuges--to conserve our wild American land  and wildlife for generations to come. The rule prohibits the most  extreme of hunting practices--against grizzlies and black bears and  their cubs and against wolves and coyotes and their pups--and protects  the natural diversity. We should not rush to undermine this important,  national, long-term goal for short-term political gain--to benefit  select special interests.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   