 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his leadership,  along with my classmate, who is also a very fantastic person. So I  thank both of you for your leadership in terms of the Congressional  Black Caucus and exactly what that means.   My colleague from Florida said that budgets are values. Something  that you may not know, I have spent 36 years in the Pennsylvania  Legislature. Of those 36 years, I spent 28 years on the appropriations  committee, and 20 of the 28 years as the chairman of that committee. So  my colleague from Florida is absolutely correct that it is put your  money where your mouth is, and that sets a tone for what you believe  and what you think.   The President's proposed budget puts America's middle neighborhoods  at greater risk, tilting towards decline.   What do I mean by ``middle neighborhoods''?   Middle neighborhoods are the neighborhoods that are caught between  growth and decline, neighborhoods that, with just a little love and a  little help, you can keep those neighborhoods. Those neighborhoods are  all over America. Those are communities that we should value. We should  understand that affordable housing and stable communities in those  neighborhoods are very important to the backbone of America.   So these American middle neighborhoods are neighborhoods we should  relish. We should value the importance of these communities. But under  the proposed budget, they do not give our seniors, our children, or our  working families a chance to get ahead--major cuts, Mr. Speaker, in  funds for Federal student services, such as LIHEAP, grants for  afterschool programs, community development block grants, community  service block grants, and others to help families and help raise them  out of Pennsylvania poverty.   Last week, Mr. Speaker, I met with students from the Pennsylvania  TRIO, Gear Up, and Upward Bound programs. President Trump's budget  proposes cuts for millions of these programs, which would support  first-time, first-generation college students through outreach to low- income and minority middle and high school students.   This is our future. This is our future. We are in the 21st century.  We understand if we are to be very competitive in the world, we must  leave no child behind.   It is important, Mr. Speaker, to recognize that the investments we  are talking about benefit all of us. If we want a strong economy, these  middle neighborhoods are essential. These middle neighborhoods are  where people grow and develop. They go on to college. They do well in  school, and they hold our society together.   The President's budget undermines and cuts the crucial investments we  have made in our cities and our neighborhoods, neighborhoods that we  all come from, neighborhoods where we all recognize the importance of  these communities. We should not take this for granted because the  reality is, as my colleague from Florida said, our values are where our  dollars are.   I totally agree with her because she is really telling us all that  you can pay now or you can pay later. It is better to pay on the front  end rather than the back end. It is better to understand that these  communities are communities that help America be what it is today.   The President's budget undermines and cuts critical investments. The  President's budget does not give our cities the adequate resources to  invest in our communities and moves our cities in the wrong direction.   I think that the President, as my colleague just said earlier, says:  What do we have to lose? Well, we have a lot to lose under this  proposed budget.   This budget is no new deal for Black America. As a matter of fact,  this is no deal at all. We clearly understand that this means cuts in  health care, education, affordable housing, and food nutritional  programs.   This is no deal because we understand that we must make investments.  If we are talking about moving America forward and we are talking about  making it what we know it can be in terms of America, we must make this  investment. But we cannot make these investments, we cannot be talking  out both sides of our mouths, and we cannot, on one hand, say what do  we have to lose and then, on the other hand, do nothing in the budget  whatsoever. So it is clear, Mr. Speaker, that we have a missed  opportunity here.   I am proud to stand as a member of the Congressional Black Caucus and  join with all of my colleagues, as the chairman of the Congressional  Black Caucus has said, as being the conscience of the Congress. It is  important to understand that we don't take that lightly. That is why we  stand here today, Mr. Speaker.   We stand here to raise the voice, to stress to people that we are not  going to give up, that we recognize that we all have a responsibility  and an obligation in this democracy, that this is our democracy and it  is something that we should never take for granted.   We have a lot to lose. We stand to lose everything that made our  neighborhoods stronger block by block. So, Mr. Speaker, I stand here  with all of my colleagues to carry this message to everyone that we are  never going to give up--never, never, never.    