 I thank the gentleman for his good work on the  budget.   Mr. Speaker, the budget is about choices, and those choices involve  arithmetic. Apparently, the Republican strategy on the budget does not  recognize arithmetic. When you start with a deficit, their strategy to  deal with the deficit is to increase defense spending and to pass  massive tax cuts. That will not end up helping the deficit.   As we have seen with the choice in health care, they made bad  choices. Whatever you think about the Affordable Care Act, their plan  was demonstrably worse. Their plan would increase the number of people  uninsured by 24 million, bring higher prices and worse policies, but  tax cuts for millionaires.   What I couldn't understand was not what were the ups and downs for  politics, but who was for that--24 million more uninsured, higher  prices, and worse policies?   Democrats will work with Republicans to improve the Affordable Care  Act, but we are not going halfway and saying only 12 million uninsured  and slightly higher prices and slightly worse policies. If we are going  to have a policy to increase the number of insured, lower prices, and  provide better policies, we will work.   We can also produce a better budget. For almost an hour, we have  heard the problems with the budget introduced by the President of the  United States. The Congressional Black Caucus is not just about  complaints. We have a budget, and it is a responsible budget.   We make choices. The choices avoid those devastating cuts that we  have heard about. The Congressional Black Caucus budget is realistic.  It requires $3.9 trillion in additional revenues, but it outlines over  $10 trillion in choices that could be made to come up with  [[Page H2462]]  that money, possibilities like canceling the Bush tax cuts. That is  $3.9 trillion right off the bat. Over $10 trillion in total choices.   First, with that revenue, we cancel the sequester both for nondefense  and for defense. Then we make investments in the future of American  families with investments in education, job-creating infrastructure,  the environment, scientific research, and maintain a strong social  safety net. In the end, we reduce the deficit by a cumulative amount of  an over $2 trillion reduction in the deficit.   So let's be clear. we are going to make choices with the budget,  choices like we made a few years ago. People say a lot about the  proposal by Senator Bernie Sanders and $900 billion for free college.  Could we afford that? Just think, a couple of years ago, we passed,  with one vote, an extension in tax cuts of $3.9 trillion. We could  have, with the same amount of money, extended $3 trillion in tax cuts,  and with the money left over, free college, but we didn't make that  choice. All $3.9 trillion went to tax cuts. The $900 billion could have  gone to free college.   Make no mistake about it, we are making choices. This year, again, we  will make choices with our budget: massive tax cuts, or we can focus on  a better feature and produce a more humane and responsible budget. I  would hope that this year we make the right choice.   