 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak in opposition to  the confirmation of Jay Clayton as Chair of the U.S. Securities and  Exchange Commission.   Just 100 days into the Trump administration, the truth is becoming  crystal clear to the American people: There is no ``America first''  policy, and there certainly is no ``middle class first'' policy. There  is just one policy, and that is a ``Wall Street first'' policy. It is a  policy designed to steer even more wealth and more power to those who  are plenty wealthy and plenty powerful, a policy built on the misguided  view that our economy does better when banks do as they please, when  CEOs receive runaway pay, and when bigger profits never translate into  bigger paychecks for workers. That is why we have seen no Executive  orders designed to hold big banks accountable, no Executive orders  designed to protect borrowers from abusive student loan companies, no  Executive orders helping more workers save for retirement. Instead, we  see the administration rolling back protections for consumers and  students and seniors, actively exploring how to put taxpayers back on  the hook for Wall Street's recklessness, and ordering oversight  agencies to, quite simply, conduct less oversight.   There is no greater example of the Trump administration's ``Wall  Street first'' policy than its decision to nominate Jay Clayton as the  Chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission.   The SEC is our Federal Government's cop on the Wall Street beat. And  let's remember why we have a Securities and Exchange Commission and why  it needs to be the cop on the beat. In 1929, the stock market crashed,  and our Nation was sent into a deep and devastating depression. That is  why President Franklin Roosevelt signed financial reforms into law  aimed at curbing rampant speculation and risky behavior on Wall Street,  and the creation of the Securities and Exchange Commission was one of  those reforms.   The SEC was designed to enact safeguards and promote fairness in our  markets, to protect investors and prosecute fraud, and to ensure that  our businesses have access to capital so they can grow and create jobs.  When we have a watchdog ensuring that everyone plays by the rules, risk  is more distributed, markets are more stable, and capital is more  available.   The American people know all too well what happens when we take our  eyes off of Wall Street. Not even a decade has passed since the worst  financial collapse in 80 years put taxpayers on the line for billions  of dollars--billions of dollars--in bailouts.   In the years leading up to the crash, our regulators, including the  SEC, turned a blind eye to excessive risk-taking and corporate  misconduct. We needed a cop on the beat, but instead we had a regulator  asleep at the switch. As a result, we suffered a crisis that cost 8.5  million Americans their jobs and 10 million Americans their homes--8.5  million Americans their jobs and 10 million Americans their homes--a  crisis that destroyed $19 trillion in household wealth and left small  businesses devastated nationwide, a crisis that sank local and State  governments into a sea of red ink. And, of course, it left us with the  great recession. It took us years to dig this economy out of that  ditch. Now, after all we have been through, is it really time to go  easier on Wall Street?   Since the financial crisis, the SEC has been instrumental in  reshaping the rules of the road and holding corporation wrongdoers  accountable. Now, less than a decade since that devastating crisis,  this administration wants to give the keys to the castle to one of Wall  Street's most loyal guardians.   We need someone at the helm willing to root out bad behavior in our  financial sector, but Mr. Clayton is not that someone. He is no expert  in enforcing the law. Indeed, Mr. Clayton has made a career out of  fighting the SEC and other financial regulators on behalf of Wall  Street's biggest institutions. His resume is built around defending  Wall Street's most notorious offenders from ever being held  accountable.   Let me again remind my colleagues that the SEC was not created to be  Wall Street's support group in Washington. Investors and the American  public at large deserve an SEC Chair who will fight to hold firms  accountable, who will prosecute misconduct and wrongdoing, and who will  improve investor protections. Mr. Clayton has not met that burden.   There are three reasons why I am concerned that an SEC led by Mr.  Clayton would be an SEC that bends the rules for corporations and  ignores the needs of hard-working Americans.   First is Mr. Clayton's singular focus on corporate bottom lines. When  asked to lay out his vision for the agency, Mr. Clayton offered no path  to preventing another financial crisis. He provided no commitment to  strengthening the agency's enforcement abilities, and he callously  overlooked investor protections. Mr. Clayton failed to give an iota of  support to anything other than boosting corporate bottom lines. He  spoke exclusively about reducing compliance and registration costs for  companies, and that is all fine, but not at the expense of critical  investor protections and of healthy, stable, and fair markets for the  economy at large.   Let's remember why this is important. Without strong protections and  disclosures, we will sacrifice investor confidence. And when we  sacrifice investor confidence, less capital will flow through our  markets. When less capital flows through markets, businesses will  struggle to grow and to innovate. In other words, a stable and fair  financial sector is vital to our economy as a whole.   My second concern involves Mr. Clayton's potential conflicts of  interest. Mr. Clayton has spent his entire career representing big  players on Wall Street before, during, and after the crisis. His work  has undoubtedly produced many conflicts of interest. As a result, Mr.  Clayton will be forced to sit out of numerous important decisions  integral to the role of the SEC Chair. This is a problem because the  SEC currently has just two Commissioners. The absence of Mr. Clayton  could very well undermine the agency's ability to prosecute wrongdoing  on Wall Street.   Finally, I was alarmed by Mr. Clayton's refusal to answer any  questions of substance during his confirmation hearing.   When asked if he would implement congressionally mandated rules, like  the provision I wrote into Dodd-Frank requiring corporations to  disclose how much money CEOs make in comparison to their employees, Mr.  Clayton gave no straight answer.   When asked if he would fairly consider the 1.2 million comments--the  greatest number of comments ever received on any SEC rulemaking process  by the SEC--urging that companies disclose their political spending,  Mr. Clayton gave no straight answer.   Finally, when asked if he would restore the subpoena power of the SEC  attorneys so that they can initiate investigations, Mr. Clayton showed  his true colors. When it comes to enforcement at the SEC, he said we  had to be ``mindful that even the commencement of an investigation can  have significant adverse impacts'' on public companies. So instead of  explaining his vision as SEC's Chair and the SEC's role as a cop on the  beat, he said the agency should consider a company's bottom line before  investigating potential wrongdoing. This, to me, is in essence what  defines this nominee's approach and this administration's approach:  Wall Street profits that prevail over Main Street protections, no  matter the risks  [[Page S2670]]  posed to the American people. It is precisely this kind of thinking  that made our system too vulnerable to a financial crisis of epic  proportions.   Given Mr. Clayton's inability and refusal to answer basic questions  about important issues--like whether he would restore the authority of  the Securities and Exchange Enforcement Division or implement the CEO- to-worker pay ratio rule mandated by Congress or require disclosure of  corporate political spending--1.2 million citizen comments, the  greatest in the history of the SEC--or ensure that retail investors  receive advice that is in their best interests--I can't help but  conclude that Mr. Clayton appears best suited to continue representing  Wall Street rather than to working on behalf of the American people.   The President's nomination of Mr. Clayton is a bow to Wall Street and  a cold shoulder to hard-working, middle-class families. I will not be  voting for his confirmation.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   