 Mr. Speaker, I must begin by commending Chairman Walden;  Chairman Upton; Ranking Member Pallone; our friend and colleague from  the great State of Colorado, Congresswoman DeGette; and the committee  staff and all for working with my office to bring the 21st century  workforce legislation to the House floor today.   I must also publicly acknowledge the leadership of my colleague Mr.  Hudson of North Carolina and his staff, who played an instrumental and  very important role in helping us to get to this point.   Mr. Speaker, the 21st century workforce bill represents hope and  represents opportunity for many of our fellow citizens who feel as  though they have been locked out of the American Dream. Mr. Speaker,  this workforce bill also provides an example of how Congress should  function and work on behalf of the American people.   This legislation enjoys the overwhelming support of Members of  Congress who represent various constituencies from diverse regions of  our Nation and who come with different and varying political  persuasions. However, Mr. Speaker, we were able to put aside our  political differences, our regional differences, and our cultural  differences and focus our efforts on bringing forth a jobs bill that  would benefit all communities and help lift up the American economy for  all its people.   Mr. Speaker, this bill directs the Secretary of Energy to prioritize  the training of underrepresented groups, including minorities, women,  and veterans, as well as displaced and unemployed energy and  manufacturing workers. This bill directs the Secretary of Energy to  take into full recognition the hurt and the pain of the White middle  class, of the White working class,  [[Page H4833]]  the African-American, the Black working class, and the Brown working  class in order to increase the number of skilled candidates trained to  work in the related fields that were brought to bear by the energy  renaissance in our Nation.   This bill will strengthen and more fully engage Department of Energy  programs and national laboratories in order to carry out the  Department's workforce development initiatives. This legislation will  help to develop a skilled labor force trained to work in a wide array  of sectors, including renewables, energy efficiency, oil and gas, coal,  nuclear, utility, pipeline, and alternative fuels, as well as energy- intensive and advanced manufacturing industries.   Mr. Speaker, as we know, the energy and manufacturing industries are  two of the most critical and fastest growing sectors both domestically  as well as internationally. The potential of these two industries can  help bolster the American economy and are also vital to the growing  number of people seeking middle class status--not just a change of  lifestyle, but seeking more money. They are satisfied with their  lifestyle; they just need more income.   It is important, Mr. Speaker, that we equip our citizens with the  skills needed to meet this growing demand so that we can tap into these  tremendous opportunities, and this bill, Mr. Speaker, will help us  accomplish that goal.   Mr. Speaker, this 21st century workforce legislation addresses an  issue that is neither partisan nor bipartisan, but, rather, it is  nonpartisan. It is a nonpartisan issue that benefits communities,  benefits industry, and benefits the overall American economy.   This bill brings together government agencies, including the national  labs, the energy and manufacturing industries, unions, schools,  community colleges and universities, among others, and promotes  cooperation and collaboration to ensure that we are tapping into a  wealth of underutilized talent and are training and preparing workers  for the energy and manufacturing jobs of the present and also of the  future.   Mr. Speaker, one of the challenges that many of my constituents--and  constituents all across the land--have brought to my attention pertains  to individuals participating in training programs that, in many cases,  don't even lead to finding a job.   With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, this bill will help industry,  schools, and community-based workforce organizations to identify  candidates for enrollment into training and apprenticeship programs.  The objective will be to ensure that the skills learned are immediately  transferable to good-paying jobs and good-paying careers within the  energy and manufacturing sectors regionally, nationally, and, indeed,  internationally.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is important because it matches up the needs  of industry with a willing and able workforce and, in the process,  helps start new cycles of hope and opportunity for groups who have, in  many cases, been overlooked and underserved: the White working class,  the Black working class, and the Brown working class.   This legislation can help to open new pathways to jobs, careers, and  entrepreneurial opportunities for women, minorities, our veterans, and  all the different working classes that comprise the American workforce  while also helping to move our overall economy forward.   Mr. Speaker, at a time when African-American and Latino unemployment  rates are too high, when coal miners throughout the Rust Belt and  beyond are finding themselves without work, when too many female heads  of household cannot find adequate employment to take care of their  families, and when veterans returning from defending our country still  cannot find a job, it is a travesty--Mr. Speaker, a travesty--that  eager employers still cannot locate the trained workers that they so  desperately need.   This is common sense, Mr. Speaker, and this is a commonsense jobs  bill that will help match up trained and qualified candidates with  good-paying jobs and careers that will help lift up communities,  strengthen the energy and manufacturing industries, and bolster the  entire American economy as a whole.    With its focus not only on underserved communities such as  minorities, women, and veterans, but also displaced and unemployed coal  miners and other out-of-work energy workers, I can assure you, Mr.  Speaker, that when this legislation ultimately becomes law, it will go  a long way in helping not only communities that look like the one I  represent on the south side of Chicago, but look like communities all  across the Nation, including communities in West Virginia, Kentucky,  Indiana, and New Mexico--all across this country, every community and  every district throughout this Nation.   