 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for  those kind remarks.   I am so proud to represent the most honest and hardworking Americans  you can find anywhere. Maine's Second Congressional District is, if not  the largest, the second largest congressional district east of the  Mississippi River. It is about an 8-hour drive from Fryeburg to  Madawaska, and you are going to spend about half your time dodging  moose and other critters on the road. We are tough, we are rugged, but  we need jobs. We need jobs.   We have had a situation in our State for the past 30 years where many  of our paper mills and sawmills and textile mills and leather tanneries  have closed. We have a handful left. And right smack in the middle of  our State is the great city of Old Town, Maine, just a little bit north  of Bangor. Old Town has also suffered the closure of a significant  mill--or two, actually.   Ron Harriman, who is the economic development director of Old Town,  reached out to our office and said: Bruce, we have a problem here. We  have a terrific piece of property surrounding our airport. We have gone  through extensive work and cost to the town to extend utilities to this  piece of land. But lo and behold, there is a Federal deed restriction  on that land that dates back decades that doesn't allow us to sell the  land and develop it for more jobs.   I don't doubt at the time, Mr. Speaker, that the Federal Government  that was buying up local property across the country, reclaiming it and  turning it into agricultural land, I don't question the purpose of that  and the good intentions of that; but that was a long time ago.   We now have a situation where the city of Old Town needs to be able  to sell this property in order to attract other investment and other  jobs to help our families in central Maine. Removing this deed  restriction will allow that to happen.   I am asking everybody in this Chamber, Republicans and Democrats--and  I thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Peterson)--please support  H.R. 1177. There are many times, Mr. Speaker, when all the government  needs to do is get out of the way. This is one example. Let the Federal  Government get out of the way. We know how to create jobs in the State  of Maine. Let's remove this red tape. Let's let this land be sold for  folks who want to create jobs. I would be very grateful for everybody  in this Chamber to support H.R. 1177 and let the people of central  Maine live better lives with more jobs and more freedom.   