 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.  Con. Res. 95, and I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for  their advocacy in this regard. We need a strong public-private  partnership to address computer science education in this country.   I want to talk about a school in my district, Howard High School. The  great Reggie White went there. It is a school that I proudly adorned  the hat when we played baseball. It is an inner city school. I went  there this year, as I also did at Barger Elementary in Chattanooga-- inner city schools.   The students have a great desire for computer science literacy. They  actually taught me to code. I am basically computer science illiterate.  I use pads and the like, and that is okay. But we know that the jobs of  the future--no, the jobs of today--are not being filled due to a lack  of skill. It is projected that, by 2020, we are going to have about 1  million unfilled jobs that require computer science education. We are  filling about 10 percent--only 10 percent of them.   What does that mean? I am a champion of workforce development, and I  know my colleagues on both sides of the aisle champion workforce  development. What does that mean? That means that we will have jobs to  fill that we can't fill. For national defense, we will need computer  science literacy. This is something that we have got tremendous  bipartisan support for.   I can say this: as a proud appropriator--to my friend from the other  side of the aisle--as a proud appropriator and a member of the Labor,  Health and Human Services, and Education Subcommittee on  Appropriations, I am committed to that funding. We actually have  language this year in that bill.   So let us all come together, I would say in not only a bipartisan and  nonpartisan way, to support computer science literacy. The private  sector is there, the public sector will step up, and America's children  in K-12 will be the beneficiaries. It will truly make America a greater  and stronger place.   