 Mr. President, today we are shaken and encouraged. My  prayers remain with my friend Steve Scalise and his family; as well as  with Zach Barth, the congressional staffer; Matt Mika, who was  volunteering at the baseball field; and the two brave police officers,  Crystal Griner and David Bailey.   I have played on the Republican baseball team. I have practiced on  that field. I am sure that no one woke up this morning imagining this  tragedy was possible, not a single player who woke up this morning and  who wanted to make sure they invested their time and their energy in  such a way to help nonprofits around the area benefit from drawing a  crowd together to watch Republicans and Democrats play baseball for the  express and specific benefit of helping those who cannot help  themselves.   I am also encouraged today. I am encouraged specifically by law  enforcement and, more specifically, the Capitol Police who, because of  their swift action, saved lives this morning at the baseball field.  Thank you to the men and women who put on the uniform to keep others  safe and, as we can tell by the injuries of Crystal and David, put  themselves in harm's way.   I am also encouraged that in the midst of this crisis, we have seen  our country come together. We have seen this body come together. At  noon today, we had a prayer vigil led by Senator Coons, a Democrat, and  Senator Lankford, a Republican. We are no longer in the midst of a  crisis--Black Americans and White Americans or liberal Americans or  conservative Americans, Republicans or Democrats. We are not even  swayed by the current environment of sensationalism. No, sir. We are  simply Americans, blessed by God to be a part of the American family.   The polarization that pulls on the fabric of this great country is  very, very dangerous. Too often, we find ourselves splitting into  smaller factions. We stop listening to others' points of view. We react  immediately with hostility, doubting the very intentions of folks who  do not agree with our perspective. This is very dangerous for our  future. We seem to have forgotten how to disagree without being  disagreeable, and today's shooting is one of the manifestations of  that.   This weekend marks 2 years since the massacre at Mother Emanuel  Church in Charleston, SC--my home--where a racist who wanted to start a  race war decided that he could take advantage of the cracks in our  foundation, that he could drive to Charleston, SC, and take advantage  of those cracks. But the families of the victims, understanding and  appreciating the notion of Matthew 5:44--loving those who seem to be  our enemies--did not allow their grief and their anger to overpower  their senses. They believed in the power of love. They believed that  love is more powerful than hate. They believed in each other. And  because of their conviction, my city and my State stood together, Black  South Carolinians and White South Carolinians, and said to the world:  Not in my place, not in my city, not in my State, and not in my houses  of worship. We stood together. We did not allow this spirit of  oppression and division to separate us. We allowed the power of love to  unite us.   So whether it is race or politics, whether it is gender or any other  number of ways that we could be divided, we have to--I implore all of  us--remember that we are first Americans.   As I think back to the funerals, to the vigils, I think of my good  friend from Hawaii. She is not a Christian; she is of another faith.  She is not a Republican; she is a Democrat. But she flew down to South  Carolina only a couple of days after the massacre because two of her  friends--myself and Trey Gowdy--were attending the funerals, attending  the first major events. She wanted to worship with us. She wanted to be  there with us. This is a classic example of when and how our Nation  pulls together, setting aside our differences.   We must work together, ensuring opportunity for all, not profiting  from the division in this Nation, not looking for ways to get more  clicks on our pages. And why is that? It is simple--because America is  stronger than this. America is better than this. We are the American  family, and we must let love be the light to show us the way.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   