 Mr. President, my colleagues have spoken tonight eloquently  about a number of consequences that would follow from the repeal of the  Affordable Care Act: increasing drug costs for seniors, a devastating  impact on rural hospitals, elimination of consumer protection in  everybody's health insurance--not just those on the Affordable Care  Act--and limitations on mental health coverage and substance abuse. All  of those issues have been presented eloquently and passionately.   I want to do something a little different. This isn't easy for me,  but I want to tell my own story and why I feel so strongly about the  issue of health insurance for all of our people.   Forty-three years ago--I think it was just about this week--I was a  young staff member here in the Senate. I was a junior staff member who  was covered by health insurance provided by my employer, the U.S.  Senate. I paid a share, and the Senate paid a share. The health  insurance that I had, as part of it, had free preventive care--exactly  like that required by the Affordable Care Act.   The other thing the plan I chose had was a Wednesday night doctor's  session. So because I had a free checkup and because it was on  Wednesday night and I didn't have to miss any work, in late January or  early February of 1974, I went in for a checkup--the first one I had  had in 8 or 9 years. Everything looked fine. As I was putting my shirt  back on, the doctor said: Well, you have a mole on your back, Angus,  and I think you ought to keep an eye on it.   That night, I went home and mentioned it to my wife. The next  morning, she said: I don't like the looks of that thing. Let's have it  taken off.   I went back in the following Wednesday night because they had  Wednesday night hours and I didn't have to take off from work. I had  coverage so I didn't have to worry about what it was going to cost me,  and the mole was removed. When they called me to come back in--I will  never forget this moment as long as I live--the doctor said: Angus, I  think you had better sit down. He told me that I had what was called  malignant melanoma.   At the time, I didn't know what it meant. I thought it was simply a  skin cancer. You hear about those all the time. You have them taken  off, and it is no big deal. No, malignant melanoma is one of the most  virulent forms of cancer. One of its characteristics is that it starts  with a mole, but if you don't treat it, it then gets into your system  and goes somewhere else. If you don't catch it in time, you will die.   I caught it in time. I had surgery. They took out a big hunk of my  back in surgery and up under my arm. To this day, my shoulder is still  numb from that surgery, but here I am.   It has haunted me since that day that I was treated and my life saved  because I had health insurance. I know to a certainty that had I not  had that coverage, had I not had that free checkup, I would not be here  today. It has always stayed with me that somewhere in America that  week, that month, that year, there was a young man or a young woman who  had a mole on their arm or their back or their neck, couldn't do  anything about it, didn't really think about it, didn't do anything  about it until it was too late, and they are gone. And I am here. I  don't know why I was saved. Maybe I was saved in order to be here  tonight. But for the life of me, I cannot figure out why anyone would  want to take health insurance away from millions of people. It is a  death sentence for some significant percentage of those people.   In 2009, the American Journal of Public Health did a study--a  comprehensive study. What they concluded was that for every million  people who are uninsured, you can predict about 1,000 premature  unnecessary deaths. So the math is pretty simple. Right now, we are  talking about over 20 million people who have been afforded health  insurance, either through the exchanges or through the expansion of  Medicaid, who didn't have it before. If we take that away, that is  22,000 deaths a year. How can we do that with good conscience? How can  we sentence people to death? We are talking about bankruptcies. We are  talking about all the kinds of stories we have heard. They are all  valid. They are all important. But for me, this is personal. This is  about life itself. It is about our ethics, our morality, and our  obligation to our fellow citizens.   Like all the other speakers, I know there are lots of problems with  the Affordable Care Act. I wasn't here when it passed. It isn't exactly  the way I would have worked on it or written it. I am ready to sit down  with anybody who wants to talk about finding a solution, but let's not  talk about the solution being ripping coverage away from people who  desperately need it. It is just wrong.   I understand the political impulse. Folks on the other side of the  aisle have been talking about this for 6 years, and, by golly, they are  going to repeal it and get rid of it, and people cheer and all of that  kind of thing. But now it is real. This isn't rhetoric anymore. This  isn't a bumper sticker anymore. This isn't a rally anymore. This is  real people's lives.   So let's just slow down. If people want to come up with a different  solution, if they want to modify the current system, if they want to  try to make changes that make it easier for small businesses and change  the hours of work and the definition of full time--all of those things  can be discussed. I don't care who leads it. I don't care whether we  call it TrumpCare, McConnellCare, or RyanCare. We can call it whatever  we want, but the fundamental principle here is that health insurance is  a life or death matter, and we should honor the commitment that has  been made to those millions of people--including over 80,000 people in  Maine--who have taken advantage of this program, many of whom have  never had health care before, many of whom have had tragic stories that  we have heard all night about children born with birth defects or  children that had some disease at a young age or an adult who, as we  just heard a few minutes ago, finds they had cancer and if they hadn't  had the coverage and gone in, they wouldn't be here.   This isn't politics. This is people's lives. I can't believe that the  good people that I know in this body on both sides of the aisle can't  figure out a way to say: Let's slow down. Let's slow down and talk  about how to fix it, how to change it, how to replace it. But put that  before repeal because once repeal occurs, there are all kinds of bad  results, even if they are grandfathered.   People say we are going to repeal and delay. That is repeal and  chaos. The insurance industry is going to start to pull back. The  health care industry is going to say: Well, we don't know what the  situation is going to be. We are going to have to slow down. We are  going to stop hiring. We are going to lay people off.  [[Page S175]]    All those changes are going to start happening right away. They can't  be prevented. To tell people don't worry, we are going to cover you-- that is cruel. I don't think my colleagues intend to be cruel. There is  not a mean-spirited person in this body. We just have a different view  of how to achieve these results. But the fundamental results should be  people have health insurance so they don't have to risk their lives  every day and live under that threat. That is what this discussion is  all about. That is why I am here.   I view this as much more than a political issue. I understand the  differences, I understand the history, and I understand the politics of  it, but I just think that now that it is real, let's slow down and find  another way to solve this problem that protects the gains that have  been made and sands off the rough edges of the law but allows us to  protect the fundamental idea of helping people to find health insurance  they can afford and keep them from being denied health insurance for  reasons through no fault of their own.   I think this is a moral and ethical issue, and I go back and I feel  so strongly about this because of my own experience. I feel I owe it to  that young man in 1974 who didn't have insurance, who didn't have the  checkup, who had melanoma, and who died. I have an obligation to that  young man to see that doesn't continue to happen in the wealthiest,  most developed society on Earth.   This is something we have within our power to do. I deeply hope that  we can take a deep breath, back away from this idea that we have to  repeal, and talk about fundamental principles of helping people to cope  with this most serious and personal of issues.   I have confidence in this body. I have confidence in the good will of  this body and of the American people. If we can get away from talking  about it in the abstract as a political issue, we can talk about real  people. That is what I hope we can do over the next weeks and months,  and I am convinced we can come to a solution--not that will make  everybody happy but that will save lives and make our country a better  place.   I yield the floor.   