 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to talk about 55 million  Americans who presently lack the authority to save for retirement  directly from their paychecks. I am here to talk about preserving,  protecting, strengthening retirement savings for all Americans, and I  am here to talk about providing State and local governments with the  tools they need to expand access to retirement savings accounts in  order to reach that goal.   I am here to oppose H.J. Res. 66. This misguided proposal would tear  down ongoing efforts at the State and local levels to help families  achieve financial stability in retirement after years of hard work and  sacrifice. These ongoing efforts at the State level should be  encouraged, not deterred.   The numbers here tell a dramatic story. Many private sector employees  have the option to set up and contribute to their own individual  retirement accounts, often called IRAs. We know them well. But fewer  than 10 percent of workers without access to a workplace plan  contribute to a retirement savings account. This lack of retirement  savings often leads to ruins--life-transforming disasters at ages when  nobody deserves them, jeopardizing access to adequate meals, housing,  healthcare, and other necessities for older Americans across the  country.   In response to this catastrophic possibility for so many Americans,  in August of 2016, the Department of Labor promulgated what has become  known as the State-sponsored auto-IRA rule. This rule provides basic,  critical guidance for States on how to administer programs designed to  improve access to retirement accounts among private sector employees.  These State-facilitated programs allow State governments to provide  automatic enrollment in State-sponsored IRAs, with the opportunity,  importantly, to opt out at any time.   The rule that has been promulgated by the Department of Labor, which  was also expanded to include a limited number of larger cities and  counties, made it clear that any auto-IRA program established by a  State or municipal authority must limit the employer's role in the  program. In addition, the rule clarifies any ambiguity regarding the  application of the Employment Retirement Income Security Act. It makes  clear the conditions under which ERISA does not apply.  [[Page S2713]]    The misguided proposal before us today seeks to overturn all of this  critical rulemaking, carefully devised and developed. If it is passed,  the resolution will cripple efforts at the State level to ensure that  retirement savings opportunities are more readily available for all  workers.   I have always assumed that my colleagues across the aisle were in  favor of State initiatives and State authority and State experiments  and States addressing the issues of their citizens directly. These are  basic States' rights--but not so much in this case.   H.J. Res. 66, in fact, will be particularly harmful in States like  Connecticut, which has already begun to bridge the retirement savings  gap for nearly 600,000 people who lack access to employer-based savings  for retirement in our State. The Connecticut Retirement Security  Authority has pioneered this effort. I am very proud to say,  Connecticut is among several States that have made real progress toward  expanding secure pathways to retirement savings for their private  sector employees.   By leveraging State facilitation with private providers, these plans  allow workers access to secure, low-cost retirement savings which, in  turn, allow more workers to adequately prepare for retirement,  improving life for those workers and also reducing the burden on  taxpayer-funded services. In fact, encouraging increased retirement  savings yields important savings for Federal and State budgets in the  future, not just now.   Studies have shown that expanded retirement savings programs could  potentially reduce Medicaid expenditures in Connecticut by over $65  million in the first 10 years after implementation. That $65 million in  savings on Medicaid is for Connecticut alone. Think of the whole  country. Think of the savings in Medicaid and other critical service  programs that go to aid our seniors. They would much rather save for  themselves.   I ask my Senate colleagues who believe we ought to be spending our  time expanding, not limiting, access to secure retirement solutions to  join me in opposing this legislation. There are many of our Republican  colleagues who have long called for reduced government spending and in  increased autonomy for State governments. They should be joining in  opposing H.J. Res. 66.   There are many of our Republican colleagues who have long advocated  giving people the freedom and the opportunity to plan for their own  future. They ought to be joining in opposing H.J. Res. 66.   I ask all of us now to join me in voting no on H.J. Res. 66 because  States ought to have the flexibility and the opportunity to implement  proven strategies to support hard-working Americans who wish to prepare  themselves for retirement. Give them that opportunity. Do not destroy  it in H.J. Res. 66.   I yield the floor.   