 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, some really big things are happening right  now that are happening under the radar; people are not aware of them.  One of them is the fact that the Obama war on fossil fuels is  officially over now and good things are happening.   This coincides with a time when we have a shale revolution. We have a  situation where we are actually reviving an industry that had been  pushed for the last 8 years. Oil and gas accounts for over 5 percent of  the jobs in the entire country and accounts for over $1 trillion in  economic impact in the U.S. gross domestic product.   In my State of Oklahoma, the industry directly employs nearly 150,000  people, and each of those jobs support more than two additional jobs in  the State. Thanks to the election of President Trump, help has arrived.   There are some very vocal sectors in America that want to put the  fossil fuel industry out of business. We know that. They are out there.  They are alive and well, and the attacks will keep coming. While most  inroads were made toward that goal during the Obama administration, the  environmental extremists will continue to use our court system and the  media to ensure that the war on fossil fuels continues, putting  American jobs and the economy at risk.   Back in Oklahoma--it is kind of funny--I have an established policy  for the last 20 years that every year, at the end of every week, I will  either--if I don't have to be in Afghanistan or someplace else--I am  always back in the State, never here.   I have been in aviation for many years so I get one of my airplanes  and travel around the State and talk to people--real people. People  don't understand this because you don't get logical questions asked or  responded to here in Washington. They will say, for example--and this  happened early in the Obama administration. They would come up to me  and say: Explain this to me, Senator Inhofe. We have a President who  has a war on fossil fuels, trying to do away with fossil fuels. He  doesn't like nuclear either. Yet nuclear and fossil fuels, which is oil  and gas, account for 89 percent of the energy it takes to run this  machine called America. So if he is successful, how do you run the  machine called America? The answer is that you can't.    With the election of a Republican-led Congress and a Republican in  the White House, we should be working together to address the concerns  of the industries that provide cheap, reliable fuel for American  energy. Unfortunately, as what always seems to be the case when we are  in power, Republicans can't seem to get together and work toward a  common goal, dividing themselves over some of the issues. Healthcare is  no better example.   But the threat against the industry and fossil fuels should be a  priority of all Republicans and Democrats, whether or not they come  from a State dependent on these resources for jobs, because cheaper and  more reliable energy is an issue that affects all Americans, helping  them to get to work, to heat their homes, and to cook their meals. Yet  we already have examples of Republicans not working together to defeat  threats to our energy sector.   We only had one CRA vote fail, and that was the one on the BLM  venting and flaring rule. It was held up by some of the Republicans who  want to expand a mandate they already have, and that is the renewable  fuels standard. It was ultimately defeated by another Republican. Now,  the oil and gas industry considered this to be one of the real key  regulations that was imposed by  [[Page S4075]]  President Obama and that needed to be released.   If anyone is interested, in my office we have accumulated all 47 of  the regulations this administration either is in the process of doing  away with or has already done away with, and these are the things  putting people out of business.   So some good things are happening right now. We know that programs  were created at the time in our history when we were dependent on  foreign oil or when our energy production at home was receding, and  that all has changed. Some might not be old enough to remember. I am.   Back in the early 1970s, OPEC in the Middle East retaliated against  us for helping Israel against Egypt and Syria in the Yom Kippur  invasion by imposing an oil embargo. This resulted in long lines of  cars at the pumps and in rationing. It was pretty traumatic. In the  late 1970s, unrest in the Middle East again disrupted the oil market,  once again causing shortages and prices to skyrocket.   There is the corporate average fuel economy, or CAFE, standards  program, as we call them. The CAFE standards program was created during  this time of uncertainty in the oil and gas market, when we were  dependent on oil from the Middle East. But the bleak future we were  facing at that time didn't happen. It wasn't the end of the world as  they said it was going to be. In fact, just the opposite happened. The  United States is no longer dependent on foreign sources for oil and gas  and is in the position to export our resources and provide for better  security for us here.   I was very proud of the President the other day when he was in Poland  and he made a speech with Putin right there. He talked about the fact  that we are going to start exporting our oil and gas--and we are  already doing it now--to some of these former satellite countries of  the Soviet Union and other countries where they want to import from us  but Iran and Russia have had a lock on the exports and so they were  forced to be dependent on them. That is not the case anymore.   I would say, parenthetically, to anybody who believes this President  was trying to cater to Putin at any time, that he stood up and said: We  are going to be the ones exporting, instead of Russia, when their  economy is dependent upon their exports. That is actually happening  right now.   The cost of cars went up, even though that didn't work. The CAFE  standards were by government officials who thought they could force the  public into smaller cars, more mileage, and all that, but that is not  the way the American people responded. The cost of cars did go up  $3,800 per vehicle from their standards put together for 2016. This was  significant when it happened, but it didn't change the behavior of the  American people. So any small benefit of new standards estimated at  0.007 degrees by 2100 is outweighed by the fact that consumers are  doing something different than the government predicted--I am happy  about that--which always seems to be the case when the government  starts messing with industry.   None of this touches the effect the California waiver has on the fuel  economy debate and the consumer market. If California and the States  that have followed had their way, liquid fuels would be phased out  altogether and consumer demand and prices wouldn't really matter.   Another way Congress has tried to manipulate the fuel market when the  energy future was uncertain is through the renewable fuels standards.  This is not a partisan issue because it is really more of a  geographical issue. People up in the core area are very strongly  supportive of the renewable fuels standards. Some other people are not.  So it is not a partisan thing, as most of the things we talk about on  the floor of the Senate are.   In 2005--and then expanded in 2007, despite my best efforts--the RFS  was created to address decreased energy production at home and to  decrease carbon dioxide emissions. However, with the shale revolution,  our dependency on foreign energy stopped. The more we learn about corn  ethanol, the more we know RFS has not been the environmental solution  as sold to us.   In case we forgot--it has been a while ago--Al Gore was the guy who  invented ethanol. This was supposed to solve all the problems out  there, until Al Gore realized that the environmental community, which  motivated him to get involved with this issue, said: No, that is the  worst thing in the world for the environment. So he had to back down.   Land is increasingly set aside for the production of corn to feed the  mandate, and the more corn that is diverted to ethanol production, the  less there is for our food consumption and for ranchers who need corn  to feed their livestock, making the cost of our food rise. That is  another major issue nobody talks about anymore.    Fuels with corn ethanol are less efficient than gasoline diesel by 27  percent. So while consumers may pay less at the pump than conventional  fuel, they are coming back to the pump more often, and the math works  so that it costs them more.   This also translates into more greenhouse gases being released into  the atmosphere to make up for the efficiency lost in using corn  ethanol. Oklahomans know this and demand for clear gas remains high.   This is very common in Oklahoma. I actually took this picture myself.  People know, No. 1, that it is bad for the environment; No. 2, it is  not good for mileage; and, No. 3, it destroys small engines. So in  Oklahoma, this is what you see in almost every community. They know the  demand for clear gas--gas which doesn't have any additives--remains  high in my State. Retailers in Oklahoma continue to advertise it.   They also don't like corn ethanol because they understand it is not  good for their engines. We heard testimony from people in the small- engine business, such as outboard motors and those things, talking  about how they are quite often sued and then have to defend the thing  because the damage was actually caused by the ethanol as opposed to the  manufacturer.   Ethanol supporters claim the warning labels on the pump are  sufficient to alert customers, but studies show consumers make fueling  choices by price, and they have ruined boats and small engines, causing  manufacturers and retailers to invest in a nationwide campaign to  prevent misfueling.   Furthermore, the mandate is not living up to its promises of  advancing biofuels. In fact, over the last 5 years, the EPA has had to  lower the total renewable volume requirements to amounts below  statutory requirements because advanced biofuels have not been  developed in the capacity drafters of the RFS had hoped, even with a  mandate. To comply with the RFS, we have become reliant on foreign  imports of soybeans and ethanol from South America to count toward the  RFS--the exact opposite of what the mandate was supposed to prevent in  the first place.   Meanwhile, supporters of the RFS want more. They want a waiver for  even higher ethanol levels in gas. Currently, gas with 15 percent  ethanol or higher can't be sold during the hot summer months because of  its negative effect on ambient air quality. Ethanol supporters want a  waiver now so that E15 and higher can be sold year round. Right now, it  can't be sold during the hot summer months, for obvious reasons. With  all the problems with RFS, we should not give them this waiver without  addressing the larger issues with the program. Between CAFE and RFS,  the fuel industry has had its hands full. But the war is being waged on  all fronts, and I will continue to work to make sure that doesn't  happen.   There are no guarantees that the next administration after President  Trump will not return to the ``regulate to death'' plans of the Obama  administration. I am not talking about the war on fossil fuels. We need  to work together to address the regulations that we were not able to  address with the CRA process. By the way, the CRA process, the  Congressional Review Act process, is one of the two ways that you can  minimize or eliminate onerous regulations. It has been very effective.  The mandate was the only one that has not been successful. All the rest  of the CRAs have been successful. We went 20 years, using it  effectively once in 20 years, and we have used it 47 times now. So  times have changed.   We are going to work with our colleagues to get as much as we can on  any legislation that looks like it might be moving both in my committee  of jurisdiction and on the Senate floor. Any  [[Page S4076]]  regulation that is a threat to the energy sector should be addressed so  we don't find ourselves in the situation of hoping for favorable court  rulings again, which is what we relied on before.   There are many regulations that threaten the availability of cheaper  energy, and I will be pursuing any means available to address them. As  for the waters of the United States rule, when we talk to the farmers  and the ranchers around the country and ask what the major problems  are, they say: It is nothing found in the farm bill; it is the  overregulation by the EPA. Which one regulation do they single out as  being the most serious one? It is the waters of the United States.   In my State of Oklahoma, the Panhandle is a very arid area. If we  change the jurisdiction from the States to the Federal Government, I am  sure it will become some type of a serious problem with all of the  water that is not out there. We have the waters of the United States,  the Clean Power Plan, the EPA, and the BLM methane rules, and fixing  compliance issues with the most recent NAAQ standards.   I will also be pursuing ways to amend the RFS and CAFE programs--from  rescinding the California waiver that drives CAFE issues and  harmonizing the EPA and DOT rulemaking to reforms of the RFS program,  including requiring that any E15 or higher blend be tied to the  commercial availability of cellulosic ethanol, or requiring that  certain criteria be reached before an E15 waiver is triggered.   There are many ways in which I will be looking to address the issues  I have outlined here today, and I look forward to working with my  colleagues to ensure that not only is the environment protected but  that the entire fuel industry is, as well, and that we have the  available fuel.   The latest battle on fossil fuels was won with the election of  President Trump, but the war is still being waged. I will continue to  defend that industry and any industry that employs that number of  people and provides cheap energy for Americans.   Again, the question that I got back in Oklahoma--where the real  people are, I might add--if the Obama administration had been  successful--and we are dependent upon the very thing he was trying to  do away with for 89 percent of the industry--how do we run the machine  called America? The answer is, we can't.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   