 Mr. Speaker, I greatly appreciate my colleague from  Colorado for leading this Special Order on the Bible, its importance to  each of us, and its influence on our constitutional Republic.   Our Founding Fathers understood that Biblical values were the basis  for our Republic and that this country would be slowly destroyed if the  people's knowledge and adherence to those values were ever lost.   In reference to this danger, John Adams wrote: ``Democracy will soon  degenerate into an anarchy, such an anarchy that every man will do what  is right in his own eyes, and no man's life or property or reputation  or liberty will be secure, and every one of these would soon mold  itself into a system of subordination of all the moral virtues and  intellectual abilities, all the powers of wealth, beauty, wit, and  science, to the wanton pleasures, the capricious will, and abominable  cruelty of one or a very few.''   In a simpler language, that means ``tyranny.''   When Alexis de Tocqueville visited the United States early in the  19th century, he wrote in ``Democracy in America'' that our Nation's  ``religious atmosphere was the first thing that struck me on arrival in  the United States.'' He believed that adherence to the virtuous  standards was indispensable for the preservation of liberty.   Mr. Speaker, he was correct in this assessment. This brings me to one  of my own favorite passages in the Bible: the Apostle Paul writing to  Timothy, in 2 Timothy 3:16 through 2 Timothy 4:5. And I might add that  I find this passage to be more and more relevant to our times with each  and every passing day.   It reads: ``All Scripture is inspired by God and profitable for  teaching, for rebuke, for correction, for training in righteousness; so  that the man of God may be adequate, equipped for every good work.   ``I solemnly charge you in the presence of God and of Christ Jesus,  who is to judge the living and the dead, and by His appearing and His  kingdom: preach the Word, be ready in season and out of season,  reprove, rebuke, exhort, with great patience and instruction.   ``For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine;  but wanting to have their ears tickled, they will accumulate for  themselves teachers in accordance to their own desires and will turn  away their ears and will turn aside to myths.   ``But you, be sober in all things, endure hardship, do the work of  the evangelist, and fulfill your ministry.''   