 Mr. President, I have a simple unanimous consent request,  but before I do, I congratulate the new Senator from Alabama. It is  unusual that I have someone here taller than I am.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to yield  the remainder of my time on the issue before us to the senior Senator  from New York.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Perdue). The Senator has that right.   The Senator from Virginia.    Mr. President, the Cabinet nomination we are considering  today is one of great consequence. The reach of the Department of  Health and Human Services is extensive, with direct and indirect  consequences for the health and well-being of all Americans. Like many  other nominations that this body is rushing to confirm, Representative  Price has not satisfied the many questions that have been raised about  his ability to defend programs that are vital to so many Americans. In  fact, his record in Congress runs counter to these goals.   I have always believed that all Americans deserve access to quality,  affordable health care. We made a tremendous step in this direction  through the Affordable Care Act, ACA, which has extended health  insurance coverage to more than 20 million Americans and their families  through cancer screenings, immunizations, and preventative health care  at little or no cost-share. The law has ensured that vulnerable  populations have access to quality care through State expansions of  Medicaid. The ACA stopped insurance companies from discriminating  against women, seniors, and individuals with preexisting conditions.  And it has already saved taxpayers billions in Federal health care  costs, while bolstering reserves for our Nation's Medicare and Social  Security Trust funds.   Unfortunately, Representative Price does not see it this way. As one  of the first lawmakers to draft legislation calling for the full repeal  of the ACA, Representative Price believes that health care should once  again be under the largely unfettered control of big businesses and  insurance companies. He may say that he wants more Americans to have  ``access to affordable coverage,'' but his record in the House shows  otherwise.   It is not only the Affordable Care Act that Representative Price has  put in the crosshairs, but virtually every Federal, health program.  Representative Price's track record in opposing programs like Medicaid,  Medicare, and Social Security is extensive. As Congressman, he has  proposed dissolving or block granting Medicaid and replacing Medicare  with vouchers, unadjusted for income, for consumers to purchase private  plans on the market. In November, he released an agenda proposing  across-the-board cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. He  has also long fought against women's healthcare and access to family  planning services. And he has advocated banning abortions and  abolishing funding for Planned Parenthood, which would make it far more  difficult for women to have access to health care.   Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid are crucially important to  patients and their families. Medicaid provides vulnerable populations,  including children, with essential and comprehensive health benefits,  like mental health care and substance abuse treatment, which are  required to be covered by Medicaid under the ACA. And for decades,  Medicare and Social Security have offered health care protections to  low-income Americans and seniors, offering guaranteed resources in  retirement. These are earned benefits that hard-working Americans have  paid into throughout their lives. It is only fair that these people  should expect to have these resources when they enter retirement.   We cannot deny the vital health protections of Medicaid, Medicare,  and Social Security to our Nation's families. And I cannot in good  conscience support someone who does not share this game goal. Lives,  literally, are at stake.   I am also deeply concerned about allegations of Representative  Price's violation of the STOCK Act, which prohibits Members of Congress  from making investment decisions based on information they receive as a  result of their roles in Congress. Serious questions of his all-too- coincidental trading with medical companies, after introducing  legislation that supports these very companies, are troubling, and  signal that this nominee is unfit to lead the very agency responsible  for protecting the health of Americans.   I am glad the minority members of the Senate Finance Committee  refused to join the business meeting scheduled to move Representative  Price's nomination last month. There remain serious questions relating  to potential conflicts he would have as Secretary. Despite these  concerns, Republicans on the Finance Committee made the unprecedented  decision to change the rules and confirm Congressman Price without even  one Democratic member present. This move runs counter to the majority's  own rules. But more importantly, it contradicts what we stand for in  promoting the interests of Americans as their elected officials.   If confirmed, there are valid reasons for the American people to be  concerned that Representative Price's agenda will make its way into the  Department of Health and Human Services, and Americans will suffer for  that. It is the responsibility of this agency to uphold and protect the  well-being of the people of this great and good country, and it would  be counter to this goal to allow someone like Representative Price to  oversee such efforts. That is why I will strongly oppose his  nomination, and I encourage all in the Senate to do the same.   