 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is fitting that today, June 6, the  anniversary of D-day in Europe and the Battle of Midway in the Pacific,  we are talking about our country's veterans in the debate that is going  on in the Senate. The brave men and women who have served our country  deserve the very best care our Nation can give them. That is why I rise  today in support of the VA Accountability and Whistleblower Protection  Act, which I believe will pass by a voice vote in the Senate later this  afternoon.   This bipartisan bill will help improve the quality of care our  veterans receive by reforming the Department of Veterans Affairs and  making it easier for the Secretary of the VA to fire poorly performing  employees. The legislation will allow the VA to hold its employees more  accountable. It will also create new protections for whistleblowers-- those who report wrongdoing. And it would ensure that any employee who  is terminated has an adequate opportunity to appeal their dismissal.   For years, the VA has been plagued by reports of inefficiency and  long wait times. I might say that often we find those reports are true,  but that is completely separate from the quality of medical care that  is given through the VA healthcare system. If you talk to almost any  veteran, they are very pleased with the quality of that medical care.  It is the administrative stuff getting in the way, and that is what  there has been such an outrage about.   Well, this VA bill is going to help the VA get rid of the bad actors  while protecting the good ones. I want to make it clear that the vast  majority of VA employees perform their work admirably in an often  thankless environment. These dedicated public servants work hard to  provide the day-to-day care our veterans deserve, and they should be  protected. That is why, while I believe it is important to hold poorly  performing employees accountable, I also believe that it is important  to protect the rights of the employees who may have been wrongly  terminated, especially at the lower levels, by giving them the  opportunity to appeal a supervisor's decision to fire them. This bill  we are going pass does that. It is supported by dozens of veterans  service organizations, the Office of Special Counsel, the Secretary  himself. So I urge our colleagues to join me and join so many of us in  voting in favor of the bill.    I would also say that on this very famous day, this anniversary, June  6, I have been to the beaches of Normandy, I have been to Omaha Beach.  As a matter of fact, while there, it is impossible to walk into that  cemetery on the cliff overlooking the beach--it is impossible to walk  into that beautiful, beautiful American cemetery and not become very,  very emotional, realizing what happened in 1944.   I felt so strongly about this that at one point I wanted to put on my  jogging shoes and run the 4 miles of that Omaha Beach. I wanted to  reach back into time, having been there where so many sacrificed so  much.   Then, of course, the Battle of Midway, the time which turned the  battle in the Pacific, where a young admiral showed his courage and his  superiority in planning. As a result, that battle turned around the  course of the war in the Pacific with Japan. What a day to remember,  June 6.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask consent that LCDR Michael Chesnut,  U.S. Navy, a defense legislative fellow in my office, be granted floor  privileges for the duration of his fellowship.   