 Mr. President, what is the issue before the Senate?    Thank you, Mr. President.   Mr. President, Rex Tillerson of ExxonMobil has been nominated to be  our Secretary of State. We are going through a procedural 30 hours of  debate, moving to that issue. As we can tell, many speeches are being  given on the floor on a lot of different topics, but the underlying  order of business is the next Secretary of State of the United States  of America. His nomination comes to us at a particularly challenging  time. We live in a dangerous world. We know that. We learned it on 9/ 11, and we learn it every day when men and women in uniform are risking  and sometimes sacrificing their lives for this great Nation.   We also live in a complicated moment in time with the changeover in  Presidents and clearly a changeover in foreign policy. We note that in  the first 12 days--the first 12 days of the Trump Presidency--how many  serious foreign policy issues have arisen, some the creation of the new  President of the United States.   It is customary, it is traditional, for the President of the United  States to make one of his first major visits to Mexico, or Mexico to  the United States. The reason, of course, is they are our third largest  trading partner, and in so many different areas, we work together  closely with Mexico. We certainly work together with them on issues of  security, issues of terrorism and narcotics and trade issues that go  on, on a daily basis. Unfortunately, this new President Trump is off to  a rocky start with the President of Mexico, to the point where the  President of Mexico canceled his visit to the United States.   Strong statements were made during the campaign by President Trump  about building a wall and the Mexicans will pay for it. How many times  did we hear that? Over and over again, the Mexican Government has said:  We will never pay for it. So that standoff over a campaign threat or  promise is at this moment inhibiting a relationship which traditionally  has been strong for generations.   Secondly, since being elected President of the United States,  President Trump has said that NATO is obsolete. NATO is the alliance  created after World War II to protect Europe against aggression from  outside, particularly from the Soviet Union. Since the fall of the  Soviet Union, NATO has expanded to include many other countries--the  Baltics, for example, and Poland. As a result, these countries have  become dependent on NATO for their security.   The theory behind NATO is very basic. If one of our NATO allies is  attacked, we will all defend. So we can understand why a small country  like Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, even Poland, realizing that they are  vulnerable to Russian attack, count on NATO. When the President of the  United States says that NATO is obsolete, people living in those  countries wonder: What about tomorrow? What happens tomorrow if  Vladimir Putin, who has been guilty of aggression in Georgia, as well  as Ukraine, decides to pick a Baltic country next?   So the uncertainty created by President Trump's statement on NATO is  one that haunts us to this moment.   But the one that is really overwhelming over the last few days is  President Trump's Executive order when it came to refugees and  immigration. The story of refugees in the United States does not have a  good start. Going back to World War II, a man named Breckinridge Long  was in charge of immigration into the United States during that war. He  worked in the administration of Franklin Roosevelt. Sadly, his view on  refugees was harsh, and as a result, the United States was caught up  many times denying access to the safety of the United States to people  who were vulnerable to persecution and genocide. The most noteworthy  example was the  [[Page S513]]  SS St. Louis in 1939, which brought 900 people from Nazi Germany to the  United States to escape the Holocaust. They were turned away. They were  forced back into Europe, and hundreds died as a result of it. That was  the policy of the day.   When Robert Wagner, the Senator from New York, asked that we allow  10,000 German children to come into the United States to escape the  Holocaust, that measure was defeated in committee in the U.S. Senate-- children coming to the United States.   After World War II, when we saw 6 million Jews killed in the  Holocaust and so many others whose lives were compromised and lost, we  decided to change the U.S. approach when it came to refugees. Instead  of pushing back against them, we began to embrace them. And do you know  what has happened since? We developed a reputation around the world as  the safe place to be, the country that cared. Ask over 600,000 Cubans  who came to the U.S. shores to escape Castro's regime. Remember, at  that time, Castro had allied with the Soviet Union, our mortal enemy of  the Cold War. Yet, without vetting--without extreme vetting--we said to  these Cubans: You are welcome to be safe in the United States, and they  came in the thousands. Are they an important part of America? You bet  they are, and there are three Cuban-American U.S. Senators to prove it.   Today, a question has been raised by the Trump regime as to what our  view is going to be toward refugees in the future. Thank goodness we  didn't raise it with Cuba, nor did we raise it when Jews in the Soviet  Union were facing persecution. They asked for a chance to come to the  United States. Synagogues and communities across the United States  opened their arms and gave them a chance, and over 100,000 came to our  shores. We are better for it. We really have demonstrated that our  ideals and values as a nation apply to those who came to our shores.   The list goes on and on, from Yugoslavia to Viet Nam, to Somalia, and  many other places where the United States has shown that we are a  caring nation. Now comes this new President who says: It is America  first; we are going to redefine this refugee policy.   Well, this redefinition of America around the world is something that  many of us believe is just plain wrong. These Executive orders were  issued by President Trump without consultation with even his own  Cabinet members who have been appointed. Those in the area of national  security, for example, weren't consulted before these Executive orders  went into effect. When I talked to the Department of Homeland Security  and Customs and Border Protection, it turns out they were given  instructions at the last minute as to how to treat passengers coming  into international terminals over the weekend.   I know what happened at O'Hare. Over 130 people were stopped and  detained and questioned, and some were never allowed to board planes in  other countries, and some were returned to those countries. It was  chaotic. It didn't show basic competency in running a government, and  it was fundamentally unfair.    Let me say it wasn't just a matter of an uncomfortable situation. It  wasn't just a situation of people being inconvenienced. One of our  priorities when it comes to refugees, even from those seven countries  that President Trump noted, were those who were in desperate medical  conditions. So when the President said: I just wanted a pause--a pause  for these seven countries--let me ask what we think that pause means to  that 9-year-old Somali child in an Ethiopian refugee camp with a  congenital heart disease that can't be treated anymore in that camp and  who was finally going to get to come for medical care in the United  States. That pause by President Trump could be deadly. A 1-year-old  Sudanese boy with cancer. A Somali boy with a severe intestinal  disorder living in a camp that doesn't even have medical facilities. A  pause. We will get it together. We will get back to you later. That is  the kind of human condition that is being affected by these orders  issued by our new President. Is it any wonder that so many people  around the world have reacted?   First, they should react when it comes to our security. Do we know  how many terrorist refugees have come from these seven countries on the  list? None. Not one. Not one Syrian refugee has engaged in terrorist  activities in the United States. If you watched ``60 Minutes'' over the  weekend, you will understand why.   This is not an easy ask. You don't just hold up your hand and say: I  am ready to go to the United States. You first submit your name to the  U.N. Commission on Refugees. Then we cull the list to find the ones we  might consider in the United States, and that is about 1 percent. Then  we put them through a vetting process that can go on for 2 years--2  years of being interrogated, investigated, examined, watched, and  challenged. Then, finally, after those years, they may have a chance to  come to the United States.   So now we are going to move to extreme vetting? What is that going to  be--trial by fire? What is left? We are doing the very best. The fact  that there has not been one refugee from any of these countries engaged  in terrorism is an indication that we have a good process that is  stronger than any nation on Earth. Yet the President has said we are  going to stop these refugees from coming indefinitely from Syria and  for months from these other six countries.   Then he made a statement on a Christian broadcasting show that he was  on that really went far over the line. During the course of the  campaign, he said repeatedly: This will be a Muslim ban. Then he said:  They told me to stop saying ``Muslim ban,'' so he stopped for a while.   It turns out that Rudy Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, said:  Well, he called me in and said, How do I put together something legal  that is a Muslim ban? I think Mayor Giuliani may have been speaking out  of school, but it is an indication of what was really going on in the  Trump campaign and this administration.   On this Christian broadcasting show, the President was explicit that  he would give priority to Christians because he believes they would be  persecuted in those countries. That flies in the face of some  fundamentals in this country--the fundamentals of our Constitution-- because we have said that when it comes to religion, this government  shall not favor any religion. Here we have the President of the United  States on a television show saying the opposite.   It is being challenged in court, at least to some extent. It has been  slowed down by retraining orders issued by Federal courts and judges  around this country.   Last night, the Acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, said that in  good conscience, she could not defend President Trump's decisions in  these Executive orders. For that act of courage, she was fired. I am  sure she expected it. But I want to say that for a woman who has given  her life--20 years of it, at least--as a prosecutor and who had an  exemplary career at the Department of Justice, my hat goes off to her.  I think she did what she thought was right and faced the consequences.  History will prove her right and this decision by the administration  wrong.   So now we have Rex Tillerson, who wants to be Secretary of State of  the United States of America. How would you like to take over that job  tomorrow in light of what I have just mentioned--the Executive orders  issued by the President without consultation with the Department of  State; judging NATO to be obsolete in his Twitter; and then having a  relationship with Mexico where the President is cancelling trips to the  United States, not to mention other things said about China and other  countries. It is an awesome challenge. It is a challenge that we have  to ask whether Mr. Tillerson is prepared for. He has had 40 years of  success with ExxonMobil, starting as a production engineer and going to  the top of the company. Now the question is, Is he ready to give up his  loyalty to a company and to have a loyalty to a country even if the  decisions he has to make as Secretary of State may be inconsistent with  the best business policy for that company?   I am going to yield the floor. I see my colleague from the State of  Wyoming is here. I believe this will be ongoing, so I yield the floor.    Mr. President, the Senator from Wyoming from the other  side of the aisle is my friend. We spend time in the gym together; I go  there regularly--for no apparent reason. But we are friends, and we  disagree on some political issues. I just wish to clarify one or two  things.   When it comes to Congressman Price, I don't know him personally. He  has been chosen by President Trump to head up the Department of Health  and Human Services, one of the biggest and most important. He has  stated, as a Member of Congress from Georgia, that he believes we  should change the Social Security system as well as the Medicare system  and privatize Medicare. That is a worrisome suggestion for 50 million  or more Americans who count on Medicare and do not exactly look forward  to being placed in the loving arms of an insurance company at some  point late in their lives. So there are questions there.   But the question at hand was brought to the attention of the American  public today, not in some liberal newspaper, but in the Wall Street  Journal. It turns out that Congressman Price has been engaged in the  purchase of stock that  [[Page S515]]  has a direct impact on the medical profession. Whether he properly  filed disclosures in buying that stock or whether he did something  improper is still to be resolved.   Part of the reason the nominees for President Trump are taking longer  than others is that many, like Congressman Price, have extensive  financial holdings. We found that when a billionaire from Chicago-- Penny Pritzker--was nominated for Secretary of Commerce under President  Obama, it took literally 6 months for us to gather all the financial  information about her and to divest her of any potential conflicts of  interest. It turns out that many of these nominees did not have their  ethics filings on file in time to be considered in a timely fashion,  and, in some cases, information about them was found to be in conflict  with reality, and now there is a further investigation necessary. It  isn't just a matter of spite; it is a matter of doing our due  diligence, as required by the Constitution and required in the U.S.  Senate.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   