 I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to send my deepest thoughts and  prayers to our colleague Whip Scalise, the Capitol Police officers, and  the staff members that were injured in yesterday's shooting.   Although my Republican colleagues and I have robust policy  discussions, ultimately, we desire the same goals. Today is no  different, and our institution is based on the respect and thoughtful  debate that remain important pillars of our democracy.   Mr. Speaker, this discussion and debate that we are about to have  here is an honest disagreement. There is no suggestion here that there  is anybody on this side of the aisle that is any less enthusiastic or  less sincere in their support of what it is that our veterans need and  desire. This is an honest policy dispute.   And I must tell you, based on long service in this institution, this  is an unusual manner in which to proceed. We are actually being asked  today to amend a piece of legislation that a month ago left this  institution. I have not been witness to this, I believe, in the past;  and I hope that, as we go on for the next hour, we will have a chance  to connect the dots for our colleagues about why this underlying bill  is less than desirable.   Last month, the Republicans brought TrumpCare to the House floor and  every Democrat in this institution opposed it. This was the Republican  leadership's second attempt to pass the repeal, and it seems that their  first attempt was not harmful enough to the American people.   The measure, as passed, takes health insurance from millions of  Americans, raises premiums for working families, and places an age tax  on older Americans. Middle class Americans would end up on the losing  end, while millionaires would receive a handsome, nearly $1 trillion  tax cut.   Perhaps most concerning is that Members voted in favor of this  legislation without understanding its impact on the American people.  There were no hearings on TrumpCare. Amendments were rushed to the  floor without committee consideration, and the CBO score was not  available at the time the House considered it.   CBO, based on nonpartisan career professionals, provides important  context and independent advice for Members of Congress. It provides an  opportunity for us to look at the long-term results and ramifications  of policies we are considering.   Clearly, our Republican friends don't care about the jarring  consequences CBO foretold. The House has ignored certain procedures  when considering these important measures.   First, since the Republican repeal bill passed, the CBO confirmed  that the measure would leave 23 million Americans without health  insurance. It would cut Medicaid by $800 billion, discriminate against  individuals with preexisting conditions, and drastically raise premiums  for older Americans.   Earlier this week, the CMS actuary confirmed that out-of-pocket costs  will rise by 61 percent, and premiums will be 5 percent higher than  under current law. Simply put, TrumpCare would force Americans to pay  more for lower quality healthcare coverage.   Second, this bill is not appropriate to consider now because it  amends the TrumpCare bill, as I noted a moment ago, that has not passed  the Senate. And our Senate colleagues have stated they are rewriting a  House bill that the President called ``mean.''   Now I would like to turn to my substantive concerns with this bill.   H.R. 2372 would amend the AHCA to allow veterans not enrolled in  military-related coverage to receive tax credits. It does nothing to  fix the issues in the TrumpCare bill.   Whether or not you initially supported the wars in Iraq and  Afghanistan--and I was one of the few in this institution that voted  and spoke against the war in Iraq those years ago--these wars have  created 1 million more veterans, and we need to do what we can to  provide them with the support that we promised them.   Let me remind my colleagues that the TrumpCare bill would shift costs  onto veterans through per capita caps, roll back Medicaid expansion for  veterans, and erode essential health benefits and preexisting  conditions protections.   The Republican health plan would dramatically cut Medicaid, a program  that provides healthcare for nearly 2 million veterans. And the  President's recently released budget takes it a step further by cutting  veterans' programs, including disability benefits.   Even if this bill is incorporated into TrumpCare legislation, it  would not undo the terrible cuts in the bill: enormous coverage losses,  more than $800 billion worth of cuts to Medicaid, unravel important  consumer protections or cuts to programs designed to help address the  opioid addiction crisis in my State of Massachusetts and throughout the  Nation.   I am quite sure everyone in this institution at this moment and those  who are viewing know somebody close to them who is addicted to opioids.   In addition, Medicaid is now a program that many middle class  Americans rely on for long-term care. Thanks to Medicare and Medicaid,  your parents are not living in your attic.   This bill does nothing to fix the Republican healthcare plan and  could create new problems. If Republicans are serious about addressing  middle class American healthcare needs, they should go back to the  drawing board and start over and work with us.   This exercise is a distraction from the real issue, which is the harm  caused by the underlying TrumpCare bill. Instead, we should be  considering issues that help hardworking Americans and their families.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Kind).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Kind).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Takano), who is a well-known advocate for veterans.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from  New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster).   Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on H.R.  2372, the VETERAN Act. However, before I speak about this bill, I would  like to take a moment to thank my colleagues, General Bergman and Dr.  Wenstrup, both colleagues of ours on the very bipartisan Veterans'  Affairs Committee, for their bravery on the ball field yesterday.   Yesterday was a harrowing day for my colleagues, and their courage  under fire made this Congress and America proud. While Majority Whip  Scalise is still in critical condition, our colleagues, who both served  our country in uniform, gave Mr. Scalise a fighting chance. Please keep  Mr. Scalise, Matt Mika, Zack Barth, and U.S. Capitol Police Officers  Crystal Griner and David Bailey in your thoughts and prayers.   I rise before you today on the VETERAN Act to voice my concerns on  the underlying bill it seeks to fix: the American Health Care Act.   My colleagues and I criticized the AHCA a few weeks ago because it  did not give veterans access to, and choice for, affordable healthcare.  I am very glad to be here today now that my Republican colleagues have  realized this error and are seeking to help veterans gain access to tax  credits.   I renew my commitment to work in a bipartisan way to improve the  healthcare system in America. Our goal should be a system that provides  access to affordable healthcare to all Americans, including those who  have served in uniform.   But no one should be under the illusion that the AHCA, with or  without the VETERAN Act, will achieve these goals. The AHCA includes  significant negative changes to Medicaid. This Congress and the  American people should know that more than 2 million veterans rely upon  Medicaid for their healthcare, and millions more spouses and children  of veterans also rely on Medicaid. The AHCA would slash $834 billion in  Medicaid coverage.   When 40 percent of working-age veterans have no other coverage,  passing the AHCA will mean that these veterans and their families have  no access to lifesaving healthcare.   As co-chair of the bipartisan task force combating the opioid  epidemic, I urge my colleagues to consider that Medicaid provides vital  mental health and substance abuse treatment for many of these veterans  and their families that they will not receive otherwise. For our  veterans seeking treatment for combat wounds, PTSD, MST, and other  conditions, under the AHCA, military service to our country could be  considered a preexisting condition resulting in a denial of care.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to make sure that the American people  understand the impact of the underlying bill that H.R. 2372 intends to  amend.   The bill purports to make a fix to the Republicans' harmful  healthcare bill, but the fix is inadequate for the harm the underlying  legislation would cause.   We have independent verification from both the CMS actuary and the  Congressional Budget Office to reinforce our position. The Republican  healthcare bill would cause millions to lose health insurance, face  higher premiums and out-of-pocket costs, and jeopardize the health  security that Americans with preexisting conditions have today.   We should be working to improve our healthcare system, not making it  more difficult and unaffordable for America's families. If this is such  a great policy, let's not tie it to a bill that is doomed in the  Senate. In fact, if anybody can find out where it is even being  discussed or authored in the Senate, they should inform us. It clearly  is not being done in the open. Let's not tie it to that simple  provision, and pass it as it stands alone today.   Middle class Americans can't afford this recipe. I urge my colleagues  to work over the next few months to educate the American people about  the Republican health plan and how harmful it is to our Nation's  health. Hospitals oppose it, doctors oppose it, and patient groups  oppose it. The bill needs to be scrapped. We should instead be helping  the middle class, not giving giant tax cuts to the wealthy.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to express again, as I did earlier, the support  we have for the Capitol Police and others for the good work they do  every single day and extend our best wishes to Majority Whip Scalise.   My friend, Mr. Tiberi, who is managing time on the Republican side,  said he was, I think, 17 years old. If he were here and had supported  the Clinton healthcare bill, that never would have happened. That would  be another way that we might want to look at.   Mr. Speaker, as I said a bit ago, this is an unusual procedure. We  are being asked to amend legislation that left the institution. Heaven  knows where the Republican healthcare bill rests today. The President  calls it mean; the Senate won't tell us where they are, as they write  the bill, and when it might emerge; and we find ourselves offering  amendments to something that is not going to happen.   H.R. 2579, the Broader Options for Americans Act, would allow premium  tax credits to be used for unsubsidized COBRA coverage under TrumpCare.  Unfortunately, this does nothing to fix the AHCA, the underlying  measure this bill intends to amend.   Older Americans are likely to rely on COBRA, and the AHCA would allow  insurers to charge older Americans up to five times more than they  charge younger Americans. The tax credits in H.R. 2579 would not make  COBRA coverage any more affordable for the American people. In  addition, it could potentially weaken the risk pool coverage because it  would encourage older and sicker workers to remain on COBRA that could  hurt small businesses. This is simply a backdoor way for States to  discriminate against existing conditions.   Because of weakening essential healthcare in the underlying  [[Page H4930]]  TrumpCare bill, COBRA is going to be needed again to help people who  leave employment for health reasons or have preexisting conditions.   Let me remind the American people how we got here in the first place.  Last month, Republicans brought TrumpCare to the House floor and passed  it without a single Democrat supporting it. The measure, as passed,  would take away health insurance for millions of Americans, raise  premiums for working families, and place an age tax on older Americans.   The bill is just one of the many promises the Republican leadership  continues to make in an effort to twist arms for votes from their  caucus to pass TrumpCare.   I am also concerned that the House ignored important procedures when  considering bills that are on the floor today.   First, since the Republican bill passed, the CBO numbers confirmed  the measure would force Americans to pay more for lower quality  healthcare coverage. That is not in dispute.   Second, this bill is not appropriate to consider now because it  amends TrumpCare, and it hasn't even passed the Senate.   Even if this bill was incorporated into TrumpCare, it would not undo  the terrible cuts included in the measure. It would leave 23 million  Americans without health insurance, cut Medicaid by $800 billion,  discriminate against individuals with preexisting conditions; and will  drastically raise premiums for older Americans.   It would unravel important consumer protections or cut programs  designed to address the opioid addiction crisis in my State of  Massachusetts, and throughout the Nation. I am quite certain everyone  here and watching this debate has someone close to them dealing with a  drug or alcohol addiction.    In addition, many middle class Americans rely on Medicaid for long- term care. That is beginning to resonate with the American people.   This bill does nothing to fix the Republican repeal measure, as I  have noted, and it is likely to create more and new problems.   I encourage my Republican friends and colleagues to go back to the  drawing board, craft a bill with us, and fix the problems in the  Affordable Care Act. There is a chance to do that.   Twenty-three million more Americans have health insurance because of  the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Now is not the time to retreat.  In times like this, we should be advancing these arguments in this  institution for hardworking Americans and their families.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the gentleman yield?    What is a conference committee? When is the last time one  of those occurred in this institution?   