 Mr. President, before my friend, the Senator from Texas,  leaves, I am sure he understands that I am rising now in support of the  nomination of Congressman Mike Pompeo to be Director of the Central  Intelligence Agency. But before I speak on the nominee, I do want to  take a moment to address the criticism that has been leveled against my  colleagues who asked for time to debate the nomination.   As Members of the U.S. Senate, we are responsible to the American  people to make measured, thoughtful decisions. I will support this  nomination, but, again, I fully respect the right of my colleagues to  ask for time to debate the nomination on its merits. I know Senator  Wyden and others will be coming to the floor later today to address  their issues.   To be clear at the outset, I do not agree with some of the views that  Congressman Pompeo has expressed, and our personal and political views  are wildly divergent. While Congressman Pompeo and I disagree on many  issues, I believe he can be an effective leader of the CIA.   In our private discussions, and in the open and closed hearings, he  has convinced me that he will follow the law banning torture. And let  me be clear. As the vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee, I will  oppose any effort to change law or policy to once again torture  detainees, and I will keep a careful watch to ensure that no one ever  tries to do so again.   I have also received public and private assurances from Congressman  Pompeo that he will accurately represent the unvarnished views of the  analysts and folks who work for the CIA and that he will relay those  views no matter what the President or others want to hear.   One of the most important jobs of the Intelligence Committee is  speaking truth to power.   Congressman Pompeo has also given me assurances that he will support  those who work for the CIA and not discriminate against anyone based on  their personal views and, not in the least, that he will cooperate with  Congress, particularly as we look into Russia's efforts to interfere  with our election system.   I heard my friend, the Senator from Texas, call out the former  Director of National Intelligence, General Clapper, who has over 50  years in the intelligence business. And again, Mr. Clapper, along with  all the other leaders of the intelligence community, basically has said  that the Russian efforts to interfere in our elections in this past  year were unprecedented.   We all know that President Trump has said some unacceptable things  about the intelligence community, accusing them of leaks and of  politicizing intelligence. Those of us who serve on the Select  Committee on Intelligence--indeed, all of us in Congress, and I know I  see my friend, the chairman of the committee, is sitting here on the  floor--know that those attacks were unwarranted and should not be  continued.   Congressman Pompeo did not participate in those attacks. Instead,  throughout his tenure on the House Intelligence Committee, he showed  respect for the intelligence community and worked to help make them  even better.   His former colleagues and staff on the committee speak highly of him,  even when they disagree.   Since he was nominated for the position of Director, Mr. Pompeo has  spent a great deal of time at the CIA, working with the professionals  there to understand his new role and the challenges he will face. We  have had a number of conversations about that.   I have heard nothing that undermines my view that he will treat the  employees of the Agency with the decency and fairness they deserve. And  since most of those employees also happen to be my constituents, I will  watch his actions very carefully.   Under Congressman Pompeo, the CIA will face many challenges. For  example, the growth of open source information and big data will  supplement and challenge traditional collection means. The Agency has  the increasing need to operate in expeditionary and nontraditional  environments, which will drive a need for changes in personnel,  support, and training. The Agency will have and will need an  increasingly diverse workforce which grew up online, which will create  new opportunities but also new problems, for example, in establishing  and maintaining cover. And if he is confirmed as Director, Mr. Pompeo  will have to complete and sometimes tweak the reorganization begun by  his predecessor, John Brennan.   While Congressman Pompeo and I disagree on many issues--and I suspect  will disagree on many in the future--I support his nomination. I  believe he can be a good leader for the CIA and will cooperate with the  oversight of the SSCI and Congress.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Carolina.   