 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Congressman Mick Mulvaney to serve as the Director of the Office of  Management and Budget.   Under most circumstances, I always give the benefit of the doubt to  the incoming President for obvious reasons; that he is the choice of  the American people. So it is with great reluctance that I come to the  floor of the Senate to rise in opposition to the nomination of  Congressman Mick Mulvaney.   President Trump has committed to ``end the Defense sequester and  rebuild our military.'' Earlier this month, the President promised  troops at CENTCOM headquarters that his administration ``will make an  historic financial investment in the armed forces of the United  States.'' I fully support the President's commitment. I fear that  Congressman Mulvaney, as the Director of the Office of Management and  Budget, does not.   I believe we must rebuild our military while at the same time putting  our Nation on a sustainable, long-term fiscal path. We can and must do  both. Unfortunately, Congressman Mulvaney has spent his last 6 years in  the House of Representatives pitting the national debt against our  military. He offered amendments in support of cutting our national  defense funding year after year after year.   As my colleagues and I sought repeatedly to find legislative  solutions to reverse dangerous defense cuts and eliminate arbitrary  defense spending caps, it was Congressman Mulvaney and his allies who  repeatedly sought to torpedo these efforts.   In 2013, Congressman Mulvaney succeeded in passing an amendment to  cut $3.5 billion from the Defense appropriations bill. His website  featured an article touting the achievement, but when I asked him about  that vote during his confirmation hearing, Congressman Mulvaney said he  didn't remember that amendment. I think anybody who treats our national  defense with the seriousness it deserves would remember a vote like  that.   President Trump has said that defense cuts over the last several  years have depleted our military. Our military leaders have testified  that these cuts have placed the ``lives of'' our military  ``servicemembers at greater risk.'' That is an exact quote from our  military leaders, but Congressman Mulvaney has said that in the greater  scheme of things, sequestration cuts were not that big. He also said:  ``The only thing worse than those military cuts would be no cuts at  all.''   This is the kind of statement that can only be made by a person  detached from the reality of what these cuts have meant to military  servicemembers. Tell that to the thousands of soldiers who were forced  out of the Army because of these cuts. Tell that to the Marine pilots  who fly fewer hours per month than their Russian and Chinese  counterparts because of these cuts. Tell that to the Air Force  maintainers, stealing parts from retired aircraft and museum pieces to  keep their planes in the air because of sequestration. Tell that to the  crew of the submarine USS Boise who can't deploy because their boat is  no longer qualified to dive and can't receive required upkeep because  of chronic maintenance backlogs. Tell that to the thousands of Navy  sailors who have picked up the slack for an overworked Navy by going on  extended deployments and spending more and more time away from their  families, all because of the defense cuts.   Congressman Mulvaney's beliefs, as revealed by his poor record on  defense spending, are fundamentally at odds with President Trump's  commitment to rebuild our military. This record can't be ignored in  light of the significant authority exercised by the Director of the OMB  over the Federal budget.   Almost every one of my colleagues in this body--all but one--voted  for Jim Mattis to be Secretary of Defense because they knew he was the  right leader to help the Department of Defense confront growing threats  to our national security. I share that same confidence, but I also know  he can't do it alone. Voting in favor of Congressman Mulvaney's  nomination would be asking Secretary Mattis to spend less time fighting  our enemies overseas and more time fighting inside the beltway budget  battles with an OMB Director with a deep ideological commitment to  cutting the resources available to his Department.   Congressman Mulvaney's record is equally troubling when it comes to  foreign policy. Apparently, Congressman Mulvaney shared President  Obama's naive assumptions about Russia's threat to Eastern security  when he voted to require the withdrawal of two Army brigade combat  teams from Europe in 2012. He compounded the error in 2013 when he  voted to withdraw the 2nd Cavalry Regiment from Europe. Congressman  Mulvaney and others  [[Page S1190]]  supported these withdrawals in the name of saving money, but the  shortsighted decision to withdraw troops and capabilities from Europe  ended up costing the taxpayers billions more, not less.   When Russia invaded Ukraine in 2014, America's military presence in  Europe was inadequate to the scale and scope of Russia's threat to our  interests and our allies. Addressing this problem has required billions  of dollars in new investments to enhance our deterrent posture in  Europe; in other words, American taxpayers, quite literally, paid the  price for the strategic mistake of withdrawing from Europe, supported  by Congressman Mulvaney.   In 2011, Congressman Mulvaney voted for the immediate withdrawal of  all U.S. troops from Afghanistan. I repeat that. This is not a  typographical error. In 2011, Congressman Mulvaney voted for the  immediate withdrawal of all U.S. troops from Afghanistan. Congressman  Mulvaney voting to abandon America's mission to prevent Afghanistan  from becoming a safe haven for terrorists to attack our homeland as  they did on September 11, is disturbing enough, but Congressman  Mulvaney's testimony during his confirmation hearing that he did so at  the urging of a single constituent, with no apparent regard for the  national security consequences, leaves me with serious doubts about his  judgment on matters of national security.   Beyond matters of defense and national security policy, I am also  concerned about Congressman Mulvaney's support for reckless budget  strategies that led to a government shutdown. He made frequent attempts  to diminish the impact of the shutdown by referring to it as a  ``government slowdown,'' or the more Orwellian term, ``temporary lapse  in appropriations.'' There are few people whose views and record are  more representative of the dysfunction that has gripped Washington for  the last several years than that attitude.   Over my 30 years in the Senate, I have shown great deference to  Presidents of both parties in selecting members of their Cabinet, but I  cannot on this nominee. My decision to oppose this nomination is not  about one person. It is not about one Cabinet position. This is not  personal. This is not political. This is about principle. This is about  my conviction as chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee that  providing for the common defense is our highest constitutional duty and  that rebuilding our military must be the No. 1 priority of the Congress  and the White House.   I will vote to oppose Congressman Mulvaney's nomination because it  would be irresponsible to place the future of the defense budget in the  hands of a person with such a record and judgment on national security.   This is the beginning, not the end, of the fight to rebuild our  military. I will continue to stand on principle as this body considers  a budget resolution for the coming fiscal year and Defense  authorization bill and a Defense appropriations bill, and I will  continue to stand on principle in fighting to bring a full repeal of  the Budget Control Act's discretionary spending caps to the floor of  the Senate.   For 6 years now, Washington dysfunction has imposed very real  consequences on the thousands of Americans serving in uniform and  sacrificing on our behalf all around the Nation and the world.   From Afghanistan to Iraq and Syria, to the heart of Europe, to the  seas of Asia, our troops are doing everything we ask of them. It is  time for those of us in this body to do all we can for them. So long as  I serve as chairman of the Armed Services Committee, it is my pledge to  do just that.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   