 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island  for convening this Special Order hour and for his incredible leadership  on this issue of the importance of the National Endowment for the Arts  and the National Endowment for the Humanities, not only here in  Congress, but for what the gentleman does back in Rhode Island to  ensure that all Rhode Islanders have the ability to experience and  enjoy the beauty of the arts and culture in our great State.   As the gentleman knows, and I am sure he has referenced, we come from  the State of the late Senator Claiborne Pell, the founder of the  National Endowment for the Arts. So we feel a special privilege, and it  is a great honor to stand and defend this great institution. As has  been mentioned, art not only nourishes our soul, but it makes us more  human and creates beauty in the world.   We have had a number of events recently in Rhode Island where we have  brought in invited artists and people who enjoy art to speak about what  the impact might mean if we defunded the National Endowment for the  Arts. There were so many beautiful words that were shared by a young  woman who said: Art helped me find my voice.   And she described kind of what her life had been before she became an  artist.   We know the economic impact of the arts. In my congressional  district,  [[Page H2774]]  there are 1,340 arts-related businesses that employ almost 7,000  people. We spend in this country a very modest amount, .004 percent, so  four one-thousandths of 1 percent is the budget of the National  Endowment for the Arts. So it is a very modest budget.   Forty percent of the programming for the National Endowment for the  Arts supports activities in high-poverty areas. So the contributions it  makes are enormous to our economy. For every dollar that is invested in  the arts, it yields $51 in economic activity. So there are tremendous  economic benefits to this.   In addition to that, as was referenced by Representative Price from  North Carolina, arts, culture, and creativity are essential parts of  the job skills for the 21st century. People want to employ people who  are entrepreneurial, creative, problem-solving; and arts and music are  some of the best vehicles to develop those skills.    So it is something which is important to the future economy of our  country, to the kind of civilization that we will be a part of. It adds  to the lives of everyone that we will represent.   I thank Representative Langevin for giving me an opportunity to  reinforce the importance of funding the National Endowment for the Arts  and the National Endowment for the Humanities. It makes all the  difference in the world to the kind of art experiences people have in  this country. We invest a very modest amount of money, and it yields so  much more that it is hard to imagine America without the National  Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Rhode Island (Mr.  Langevin) for leading this effort and for convening this Special Order  hour.   