 Mr. President, I take this time to talk about the pending  business, which is the tax proposal going into a conference committee  between the House and the Senate. As I am sure the American people now  know, at 2 a.m., on early Saturday morning, the Senate passed its  version of tax reform. The House had already done that. We were working  on a House bill. Now the motion before us is to take that bill and send  it to a conference. We would be better off sending it back to committee  so that we could have public hearings and understand what we are voting  on, rather than sending it to the conference committee.    I hope, though, that we will take advantage of the conference to deal  with  [[Page S7865]]  the three fundamental flaws that were included in both the House and  Senate bills. First was the process that was used that did not allow us  to really know what we were doing. As a result, it is my understanding  there are numerous provisions in both the House and Senate bills that  will not work and will require changes.   Secondly, we professed to want to do this to help middle-income  families, but, in reality, both the House and the Senate bills hurt  middle-income families. I hope that will be corrected in conference.   Third--and there is no dispute about this whatsoever--the House bill  and Senate bill will add anywhere between $1 trillion to $2 trillion to  the deficit of this country. We shouldn't be deficit-financing a tax  reform bill.   Let me first talk very briefly about process. Let's not repeat the  mistakes that we made. It is outrageous that late Friday night we got a  500-plus page amendment to the pending bill and tried to read it, but  we couldn't even read the handwritten changes that were put in the  margins, and then we were asked to vote on that later in the evening.  That process is just not befitting the U.S. Senate, and it is not  befitting a democratic process in which we have an opportunity to read  and understand, and the public has an opportunity for input, before we  attempt to modify and change dramatically the Tax Code of this country.   So I hope that the conference committee will have a very open  process, that there will be opportunities for input, and that we all  will understand what is being done.   Secondly, it is critically important that this bill be corrected so  that it really does help middle-income families. This bill doesn't do  that. It provides massive tax cuts for the wealthy and significant cuts  in business taxes, which are made permanent, while the relief given to  middle-income families is temporary, and many middle income families  will end up paying more in taxes. The House bill and the Senate bill  have that fatal flaw.   One of the premises here is that if we give businesses big tax cuts,  they are going to take those tax cuts and give workers higher wages.  That just doesn't happen. There have been significant profits by  American companies, but we have seen in too many of those cases that  those profits have gone to buybacks, their stock, and to increase the  value for their shareholders. It is their right to do that. But we  shouldn't be pretending that we are going to be cutting taxes to help  workers of these companies when, in reality, their first priority is  going to be the shareholders and increasing the value of their stock.   We need to make sure that this bill, at the end of the day, will help  middle-income families, and that is our focus, not the House bill or  the Senate bill that focuses on our most wealthy taxpayers and the  business community rather than focusing on middle-income families.   Then, third, the deficit--and I find this unconscionable. I will just  lay this out. I find it unconscionable, when we have worked to say that  the deficit is hurting our country and we need to work together to rein  in the debt of America, yet we find the Republican Party prepared to  acknowledge a $1.5 trillion deficit in their budget instructions. In  reality, if this bill were to become law as passed by the U.S. Senate,  it would increase the deficit by $2 trillion if we extend all the tax  provisions, and even if we accept dynamic scorekeeping, which is  changing the rules--$1 trillion of deficit. So under any of the  assumptions, we are adding to the debt. That is just plain wrong. If  our priority is to recognize that our debt is something that is wrong  for our children and grandchildren, that we are wealthy enough today to  pay our own expenses, then we must make sure that the bill that returns  from a conference committee does not add one penny to the deficit. That  should be a commitment that we are all ready and willing to make.   Let me also bring up a couple of other issues that I hope the  conference committee will consider. The Senate bill includes the  elimination of the required coverage under the Affordable Care Act.  What does that mean? Well, it means that when it is fully implemented,  13 million Americans aren't going to have health coverage. That is what  it means. It means that we are going to again see an increase in those  who use the emergency rooms of our hospitals as their primary care  centers because they have no health insurance. It means that people  will be entering our healthcare system in a more costly way because  they are not going to get preventive healthcare, because they don't  have health insurance to cover preventive healthcare. It means that we  are going to see a lot of people who can't afford their healthcare  because they don't have health insurance.   Before the Affordable Care Act, we know that healthcare costs were  the No. 1 reason for bankruptcy. We will see personal bankruptcies  increase. And guess what. We are going to see uncompensated care go up.  When uncompensated care goes up, guess who pays the bill? All of us do  through higher premiums. It is called cost shifting.   Why is that in this tax reform bill? Do my colleagues want to know  the reason? Because it gets scored as a savings by the Congressional  Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation. It is a savings  because we are going to be spending less money in health subsidies, in  the Medicaid Program. It cuts the Medicaid Program.   This is a phony savings from the point of view of our Tax Code, but  guess what the Senate did with that savings. They used it to make  permanent the tax cuts for businesses. In other words, they spent the  savings in the Tax Code to help corporations with permanent tax  changes, and individuals didn't get that.   Well, I hope the conference will correct that by eliminating this  health provision from the Tax Code. It shouldn't be in this bill. It is  wrong on policy and it is wrong on process and it is wrong on fiscal  responsibility. I hope, for all of those reasons, that provision will  be eliminated.   Then, the bill passed by the Senate includes another provision that  shouldn't be in a tax reform bill; that is, opening up Alaska to  drilling. First of all, the policy is wrong. We should protect this  pristine area of our Nation. Secondly, we don't need more sites for  fossil fuels. We know that our future is in renewables; our future is  in a more carbon-friendly environment. So from that point of view, it  makes no sense. Then, on process, putting it in this bill makes no  sense at all. So I hope my colleagues will correct that mistake that is  in the Senate bill.   Then, both the House and Senate bills still have an assault on State  and local governments in so many different ways. We make it so much  more difficult for State and local governments to handle the problems  in our communities. I was speaking to the mayor of Baltimore this week  about our problems with public safety. I know the challenges our  Maryland General Assembly will face in January, in dealing with  transportation infrastructure, in dealing with public education, in  dealing with the challenges of our environment. All of those issues are  going to be more difficult for the State of Maryland and all of our  States and all of our local governments and our municipalities to be  able to handle if either the House or the Senate bill becomes law. But  to add insult to injury, we then take away the State and local tax  deduction so that county taxpayers and State taxpayers, who are the  same people who are paying Federal taxes, will have to pay a tax on a  tax.   Senator Wyden brought to my attention something that is pretty  fundamental. With the first income tax that was passed by the U.S.  Congress, the deduction they allowed was for State and local taxes. Of  course, the Constitution had to be amended, and the States had to  consent to the amendment, and that is how we got the income tax. It was  a fundamental decision made that under Federalism and respect for the  different levels of government, we wouldn't impose a tax on a tax. Now,  over 150 years later, we are talking about removing that deduction.  That is outrageous from the point of view of the Constitution and the  principles of the Constitution on Federalism.   There are also some consequences that I am sure my colleagues haven't  thought about as to what impact that is going to have on property  values, what impact that is going to have on a lot of other issues;  they haven't thought that out. But it is just wrong from a policy point  of view.  [[Page S7866]]    There are many provisions in the House bill that are not in the  Senate bill, but now that we are going to conference, we have to be  concerned about them. Are we going to restrict what individuals can  deduct for medical expenses? That is in the House bill. So if you are a  family that happens to have a child that has severe medical needs, are  we now going to say that we are not going to allow them to deduct those  costs that they have to pay for out-of-pocket?   The House bill contains restrictions on the deduction of education  costs for those who have student loans. Are we going to make it more  expensive for families to be able to afford higher education? It is  already too expensive. Are we going to increase that cost?   We also have a restriction in the House bill that deals with mortgage  interest deductions. I have already talked about the impact of the  Senate bill and the House bill have on SALT--that State and local tax  deductions have on the value of real estate, but when we restrict the  deductions on mortgage interest, it has an even more dramatic impact on  property values.   So there is a lot of work that is going to have to be done in  conference. As I said, the best way to proceed is to send this bill  back to the committee. Let's have open public hearings. Let's work  together.   I know my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I have worked with  my Democratic and Republican colleagues, and I know that when we work  together, we produce some really great results. It is not hard for  Democrats and Republicans to work together on the Tax Code, because we  share the same goal. We know our Tax Code needs to be reformed. We know  that there are burdens in our Tax Code that need to be eased. I  honestly believe that Democrats and Republicans believe we shouldn't be  adding to the debt, and we should be helping middle-income families. So  it seems to me that this is not a heavy lift for Democrats and  Republicans to come together in order to write the right tax bill for  this country.   So I hope we take advantage of this opportunity, as we have a new  look at the Tax Code, to deal with the fundamental flaws that are in  both the House and Senate bills. I am not terribly optimistic because I  know what the House and Senate have already passed. But I urge all of  my colleagues to find a way that we can really fix our Tax Code, help  middle-income families, and certainly not add to the deficit of this  country. That should be the mutual desire of all Members of the U.S.  Senate.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   