 Mr. President, we have had an opportunity for the last  several hours to go back and forth to debate the benefits or the  negatives of this bill. This is a historic night for America 31 years  in the making. If you are watching this debate at home, you might be a  little confused. As Democrats and Republicans continue to talk about  the same bill using very different perspectives, folks must be  wondering where is the truth.   I would like to spend a few minutes clarifying some of the important  points, some of the misinformation that is coming from the left. First,  this is not a healthcare bill. Our friends on the left have suggested  that somehow, some way this bill will eliminate coverage for millions  and millions of  [[Page S8136]]  Americans, and they will lose their coverage. The only thing this bill  actually does is it eliminates the penalty for those folks who decide  not to buy health insurance. In other words, this bill reduces the tax  burden on families who are working paycheck to paycheck. One-third of  the families who pay the penalty are families who make less than  $25,000, and 80 percent of the folks who pay the penalty make less than  $50,000. Contrary to popular belief on the left, no one loses their  insurance, but they will have the option to do what is in their  family's best interest, what is in the individual's best interest.   We have sought for ways to work with our friends on the other side  because we know this legislation is not about the Republican Party, it  is not about conservatives, nor is it about liberals. It is about  Americans--Americans who for too long have worked too hard and have  seen too little in their paychecks.   The government does not create jobs. No matter what either side says,  we don't create jobs, but we can, through this tax reform package,  increase take-home pay by taking less out. Now, some may ask the  question, What does that mean taking less out? Well, for your average,  single parent in America who makes the average income of $41,000, as my  good friend from Alaska already stated, that individual household will  see about a 73-percent cut in their taxes. Said differently, that means  an increase in their take-home pay.   Now, I was thinking about folks back at home in South Carolina--one  person in particular--Sherrie, who is a single mother with two kids and  trying to start a new business. Here is an opportunity to have just a  little more margin at the end of each pay period--$1,300. These are  real dollars, and my friends on the left seem to suggest that a 73- percent cut in the typical single-parent household's tax burden is not  an increase.   Well, the story continues. For the average family in America making  $73,000, they are looking at a tax cut of 58 percent--over $2,000 more  in their paycheck. When I talk to my friends who are typical  Americans--Michelle and Joe living in South Carolina, working hard,  raising two beautiful kids--having a 60-percent cut in their taxes is  real middle-class relief.   This is a bill that delivers, and the good news is, only in about 7  or 8 weeks, the average American will have an answer to which side is  right; is it the left or is it the right? The fact is, they will be  able to take a look in their own paychecks and determine for themselves  the benefits of this tax cut.   When we think about the things we should be working on to restore  confidence that the average person has lost in the government, we do  that by making sure our tax proposal speaks to the average family. So  we do double the standard deduction for individuals from $6,300 to  $12,000; for single-parent households from $9,300 to $18,000; and for  two-earner households, we essentially create a zero-percent tax bracket  for folks living at the Federal poverty level of $24,000. By doubling  the standard deduction to $24,000, we have essentially created a zero- percent tax bracket.   The good news is, it gets better. For those folks with children in  the house where your child tax credit used to be $1,000, now the child  tax credit is $2,000, with 70 percent of that amount being refundable-- an increase from what it used to be.   So many folks on the other side have talked about whether this is  simplification, but when 95 out of 100 tax filers can simply use the  standard deduction, it means that, yes, on the back of a clean piece of  paper, someone can determine their tax burden. This is good news. Of  the 6 billion hours spent annually doing their taxes, we are going to  cut that number down significantly.   For our friends living in blue States where the SALT, State and local  tax, debate has been so important, we have decided to sweeten the SALT  solution by allowing a hybrid of either your property taxes or income  taxes to be used within that $10,000 threshold.   We have even made it easier through 529 plans to prepare and to pay  for education, K-12, as well as college.   The one thing I will say that we have heard a lot of from our friends  on the other side--and you will hear more of it tonight--it is FEAR. It  is an acronym that means false evidence appearing real. It is not the  truth, but fear sells. It seems as though my friends on the other side  have decided, if you just keep saying it, it must be true, and over and  over and over--and we will hear it more when I am finished--there are  folks demonizing this legislation.   The facts are simple, and Senator Cardin said it himself. I wrote it  down when he said it because I was like: Wow. That is a clear, concise,  true statement. Senator Cardin said major tax relief for families, our  bill.   We are on the verge of resetting American competitiveness. By  lowering our corporate tax rate, we will allow the jobs of the future  to be created here at home. With a 20-percent cut in your qualified  business income, we will see small businesses prospering, and when they  prosper, they will hire more folks. When I was in the gym this past  weekend, a small business owner who runs a battery company with seven  employees said, on January 1, he is hiring a new person.   A survey done of 7,000 manufacturers, the vast majority said that  with this tax cut, they will hire more people, they will increase  wages, and they will improve benefits. This is good news from a global  perspective, this is good news from a small business perspective, and  this is good news from an individual perspective.   It is time for us to complete the people's business and vote yes for  tax cuts, vote yes for an improved business climate, and vote yes for a  global competition where American companies and American workers are  winning.   I yield the floor.   