 Mr. President, tonight, once again, Congress is proving  to the American people that Washington is broken. This bill is not a  product of deliberation of the world's most deliberative body. It is a  not a product of meaningful public hearings. It is not a product of  compromise or months of hard work among multiple committees. It is  certainly not the product of a grand legislative idea that was  desperately needed to meet the demands of the public. The bill in front  of us is the product of dysfunction, partisanship, and political  desperation.   Thirty years ago, the Senate passed President Reagan's tax reform 97  to 3. After the conference committee had worked it over, it passed  overwhelmingly with 74 votes. That could have been the case today, but  there was never an attempt to have an honest debate about this bill,  and there was no attempt to get bipartisan buy-in. I reached out to  lend my perspective and Montana's perspective--the perspective of rural  America--but my offer fell on deaf ears, and I never heard back.   I asked the President to work with me. I raised my concerns early,  and they have never made an attempt to address those concerns. There  was no effort to reach across the aisle and build consensus for this  bill.   Once again, the leadership of this body chose to draw a line in the  sand. They chose to empower the fringes and leave those in the middle  out in the cold. As a result, the first major tax bill in Congress in a  generation will likely pass with the support of only one party. That is  not what the Founding Fathers had in mind.   As for me, I wanted a tax bill that would ensure that hard-working  Montana families and businesses had a say in this process. I wanted to  construct a bipartisan bill that provided folks with tax relief without  adding to the debt. I wanted to simplify the Tax Code without gutting  provisions that would help build our middle class. Today, we are stuck  with this final bill that does none of those things, and our options  are yes or no.   There are some things in this bill that are good--three, to be exact.  This bill keeps in place important medical deductions that benefit  seniors and help them pay for care as they age. It expands the child  tax credit to provide a boost to families across the country. It lowers  income tax brackets to keep a few extra bucks in your pocket each year.  But when we look at the bill, we have to weigh the good and the bad.   Speaking of those individual tax cuts--the ones I just talked about a  few seconds ago--well, they are only temporary. They are short-term  promises that will disappear with the wind. Estimates show that more  than 80 percent of this bill's benefits will go to the top 1 percent;  60 percent will go to the top one-tenth of 1 percent of our population.  In fact, hard-working families will actually see a tax hike within 10  years.   But for this country's biggest corporations, this bill makes their  tax cuts permanent. So at the same time that taxes start rising for  teachers and farmers and electricians and nurses  [[Page S8112]]  and working folks, large corporations and big businesses will still be  reaping the benefits from the giveaways in this piece of legislation.  On top of huge benefits, this bill makes no attempt to ensure that  these corporations will use the savings to create more good-paying  jobs.   This bill also destroys the foundation of our healthcare system.  Because of this bill, 13 million Americans will become uninsured, and  everyone else's premiums will go up by about 10 percent. It will be  more expensive to see your doctor. It will be harder for rural  hospitals and clinics to keep their doors open. More folks will end up  in emergency rooms--the most expensive medical treatment. They will be  sicker, their treatment will be more expensive, and the rest of us will  be forced to pay for it.   The bad list doesn't stop there. It forces a $25 billion cut to  Medicare. This bill pushes millions of people out of itemizing their  deductions--reducing incentives to buy a home or donate to a charity.  It caps State and local income tax deductions, and this targets middle- class families. It changes the way we adjust tax brackets for  inflation, which will force future generations to play catchup. It will  force State budgets into the red and put critical healthcare,  education, and law enforcement initiatives on the chopping block. It  opens up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for oil drilling, but that  is not the worst thing about this bill. The worst thing about this bill  is it saddles our kids and grandkids with more crushing debt.   In 2008 and 2009, this country was going through one of the worst  economic crises since the 1930s. The debt was increased in that period  of time. People often say that the government needs to be run like a  business. Well, if you have a business, and income is not coming in,  you have to borrow some money. That is what happened. With the economic  downturn, the money wasn't coming in, so our debt went up. On the other  side, if you are in business and you are making a few bucks and times  are better--and they are good--you pay that debt down. Well, this  country is in a lot better shape now than it was in 2008 and 2009. We  should be paying that debt down at this moment in time, not adding $1.5  trillion to it.   I am going to tell you, as sure as I am standing here today, within  the first quarter of 2018, there will be folks standing up on the other  side of the aisle saying that we need to cut Medicare, we need to cut  Social Security, and we need to take away subsidies for everyone,  whether they be farmers, mothers, young families, the disabled, or  veterans. Money that is used to keep our public lands in public hands,  dollars that are used to make education more affordable, dollars for  healthcare overall--they will tell us that we simply cannot afford them  because our debt is so high. But today we are going to tack on $1.5  trillion for the sake of giving the richest of the rich a tax benefit  and middle-class families a temporary benefit that will go away over  the next 10 years.   How they have so quickly forgotten the fiscal restraint that we  talked about when Democrats controlled this body. Our national debt is  already above $20 trillion. This is more than $64,000 for every man,  woman, and child in this country. The path we are on is truly  unsustainable.   It is not the first time we have been down this road. Bush tax cuts  were sold to the American people, and we were told that they would pay  for themselves. Guess what. Today those Bush tax cuts are directly  responsible for one-third of that $20 trillion debt. We know this to be  true. Yet here we are, about to swipe the credit card one more time for  over $1.5 trillion--to put our kids and our grandkids on the hook to  pay it back while we get temporary relief and the large corporations  get permanent relief.   For those of us who were ignored during this process, this is what we  are stuck with. There are some good things but a whole bunch of bad  things--more than I can count on my hands. We can't celebrate the good  things and ignore the bad. Just because we ignore it doesn't mean that  it is not going to come true.   This bill will not strengthen the middle class. It will not improve  our schools. It will not lower the cost of healthcare.   Let's call it what it is. It is a tax giveaway to the wealthy masked  as tax reform, and those who vote yes on this bill will do so at the  expense of our kids and our grandkids. They will be paying this tab  long after we are gone. What is ironic about this is that most of the  people who serve in this body say: I am here to make sure the next  generation has an opportunity. We are taking away their opportunity  with this bill. It will limit their opportunity. It will cap their  potential--all for what? I am not really sure because when I go back to  Montana every weekend, folks aren't stopping me on the streets and  telling me that the corporations and the wealthy need a tax giveaway.  What they do tell me is this: We need to make sure programs like CHIP  are around. We need to make sure Medicare and Social Security are there  for future generations. We need to protect our public lands. We need to  pass a farm bill that works. We need to invest in infrastructure.  Folks, this tax bill takes away all of that potential.   We have been at war for 16 or 17 years. The military needs  rebuilding. It makes it much tougher. Everyone knows what is going on  in North Korea. The potential to have to spend a bunch of money there  is real. Infrastructure--whether it is broadband, highways, bridges, or  water systems--is in dire need of help.   The fact is, the tracks are greased; this bill is going to pass.  Rather than working on the pressing issues around here, the next excuse  is going to be entitlement reform, which means we are going to do our  level best, in the name of the debt, to gut Medicare and Social  Security. Who knows what else will be put on the chopping block to be  ripped away from working families?   This bill ties our hands and prevents us from making the kinds of  investments we need to build a strong middle class, which has been the  envy of the world, and it puts our most vulnerable at risk.   I am going to vote no on this bill because it is a step backward. It  raises the debt. It does nothing to solve the income inequality in this  country, and it pushes the American dream further out of reach.   I yield the floor.   