 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from North  Carolina for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Self-Insurance Protection  Act, of which I am a proud cosponsor. Restoring health care is more  than one bill--our plan has always included a series of efforts to  directly address the challenges facing our healthcare system. The  challenges resulted from ObamaCare. This legislation is one such  effort, part of a series of measures to increase choice and access.  This bill would make it easier for families to get health insurance  from their employers.   As my colleagues have noted, more than 160 million Americans get  their insurance from an employer. Of that, 60 percent of employers  offering healthcare coverage are self-insured, meaning employers  directly reimburse healthcare providers and employees for medical  expenses. These self-insured plans provide more flexibility than  traditional healthcare plans, as they can be designed and operated to  meet the unique needs of workers and families. For many years, the  company I led, in fact, was self-insured, and we bought stop-loss  coverage.   For most self-insured employers, choosing to buy stop-loss insurance  simply assists them in avoiding catastrophic losses. It is a business  insurance policy. Regulating it like a traditional healthcare insurance  would restrict access to self-insured plans dramatically.   We should be making it easier, not harder, for employers to offer  their employees comprehensive health packages, and it certainly should  not be left to an unelected bureaucrat to decide which types of plans  or which benefits work for American families.   This legislation is a simple, straightforward approach to protect  self-insured healthcare plans. It offers clarity, reaffirming  longstanding policies recognizing that stop-loss insurance is a  distinct business insurance and prevents bureaucrats from--one more  time--tinkering with our economy and damaging health care.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, as it is an  important measure to promote and to increase access to health care.   