 Mr. President, the past 8 years have been tough on  Americans. Despite the fact that the recession officially ended in June  of 2009, the economy never really rebounded. President Obama presided  over the weakest economic recovery in 60 years. His Presidency was  characterized by poor economic growth, a dearth of jobs and  opportunities, and almost nonexistent wage increases.   In 2016, the economy grew at a dismal 1.6 percent, far below the  level of growth displayed by a healthy economy. Typically 3 to 3\1/2\  percent is the average, going back to World War II. The GDP report for  the first quarter of this year underscored the need to implement the  kind of pro-growth policies that were lacking during the Obama years.  Republicans in Congress and the White House have already acted to  repeal a number of burdensome Obama regulations that were foisted onto  the American people near the end of his Presidency. We plan to keep up  our efforts.   Getting rid of unnecessary regulations will go a long way toward  freeing up businesses to grow and create jobs and put more money in  Americans pockets. Of course, repealing burdensome regulations is just  one of the things we need to get our economy healthy again. Fixing our  broken Tax Code is another. As a member of the tax-writing Senate  Finance Committee, I will be introducing tax reform legislation in the  near future, targeted primarily for Main Street businesses that pay  taxes at the individual rate.   I am looking forward to working on comprehensive tax reform with  Chairman Hatch and the rest of my colleagues on the Finance Committee  as we move forward this year. It is critical that passthrough  businesses, which are the main focus of my bill, are not left behind in  this effort.   Today, I want to talk about spurring growth in a specific sector of  our economy, one that is very important to my home state; that is, the  agricultural sector. Like so many other Americans, farmers and ranchers  in South Dakota and across the country have had a rough time of it over  the past few years. Market prices for farm and ranch products have been  on a steady decline since 2013, and net farm income has dropped  substantially as a result of that. Worse, there is little expectation  that prices will improve over the next few years, which means farmers'  and ranchers' incomes are likely to continue to decrease.   Farmers are struggling to repay their debts. Between 2014 and 2016,  the delinquency rates on farm non-real estate loans more than doubled.  Delinquencies on farm real estate loans rose from $1.18 billion in 2014  to $1.66 billion in 2016. While these numbers are not all-time highs,  the increases are disturbing and show no signs of reversing any time  soon.   Farming and ranching are not just careers in South Dakota; they are a  way of life, one that connects communities and families to the land and  one generation to the next. Nearly 3,000 South Dakota farm families  have been honored as operating century farms, meaning the same family  has operated at least 80 acres of that farm for 100 years or more. But  in today's weak agricultural economy, many families are afraid they  will be the ones to lose the farm or ranch that has been in their  family for generations. That would be a loss not just for them but for  our country.   Few of us understand the sacrifices that go into this way of life.  When we pick up a gallon of milk or a loaf of bread at the grocery  store, we don't think of the farmer who rose long before the Sun and  finished his day long after the Sun had set. Our country is made  stronger by the hard work, fierce dedication, and unconquerable spirit  of America's farmers.   We need to make a concerted effort to help farmers meet the  challenges they are facing right now so that America can continue to  help feed the world and Americans can continue to have access to the  home-grown products they depend upon.   So how do we do that? One thing we can do that would immediately  improve agricultural prices would be to quickly negotiate new bilateral  trade agreements. Agriculture is heavily dependent upon trade, and in  today's economic climate, we cannot afford to have our agricultural  exports restricted by inadequate trade policies.   U.S. farmers have lost ground internationally. Our current share of  the global grain market is just 30 percent, down from 65 percent in the  mid-1970s. We need to take steps to level the playing field for  American farmers and ranchers so they can be more competitive  internationally. I have encouraged the President to start by  negotiating a bilateral trade agreement with Japan.   Japan is one of our most important trading partners, but U.S. farmers  too often face hefty tariffs on the products they sell in Japan. U.S.  negotiators made important progress toward reducing these barriers  during the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations.   We need to build on the work they did and negotiate a bilateral  agreement with Japan as soon as possible. This would benefit a wide  variety of American producers, including South Dakota beef producers  who currently face a massive 38.5-percent tariff on the beef they sell  in Japan.   Trade agreements would help tremendously, but there is more we need  to do to ensure the long-term sustainability of production agriculture  in the United States.   Every 5 years, Congress has the opportunity to reset Federal farm  policy when it passes the farm bill. The current farm bill expires in  2018, and it is not too early to start the drafting process for the  next bill.   I served on the Agriculture Committee in the House and now serve on  the Senate Agriculture Committee under the strong leadership of my  friend from Kansas, Chairmanship Pat Roberts. I will be working on my  fourth farm bill, and I take this responsibility very seriously.   I spend a lot of time talking to farmers and ranchers while I am back  home in South Dakota, and I have been developing legislation based on  the feedback they give me about Federal programs. I have already  introduced two key proposals that I hope will be part of the final farm  bill that we pass next year, and I will be introducing several more  farm bill legislative proposals this year.   All farmers are familiar with the Conservation Reserve Program, or  CRP, which provides incentives for farmers to take environmentally  sensitive land out of production for 10 to 15 years. But a lot of  farmers have told me that they don't want to retire portions of their  land for a decade or more. To address this, I am proposing a new  program that would reduce operating costs by providing a modest rental  payment and increasing crop insurance premium discounts.   The program I am proposing, the Soil Health and Income Protection  Program, would provide a new, short-term option for farmers that would  allow them to take their worst performing cropland out of production  for 3 to 5 years, instead of the 10 to 15 years required by CRP rules.  This program would result in improved soil health and reduced crop  insurance costs, and it would provide beneficial areas for wildlife  while also improving the bottom line for participating farms.  [[Page S2668]]    The other key proposal I have introduced would make a number of  revisions and management improvements to the CRP program and other U.S.  Department of Agriculture easement programs.   CRP plays a very significant role in South Dakota's economy, as it  provides a major portion of the habitat for the Chinese ringneck  pheasant, which brings more than $250 million each year to my State's  rural areas, towns, and cities. Unfortunately, farmers have spent years  frustrated by some of the ways the Department of Agriculture has  managed this program.   We need to make sure that Federal farm programs don't discourage  farmers and ranchers from participating, especially in times like  these, when these programs are sorely needed to provide valuable safety  net assistance and to help protect soil and water.   My conservation program legislation addresses major concerns that  farmers have with CRP and other USDA conservation programs by allowing  commonsense use and management of land enrolled in these programs,  which improves these programs for farmers and at the same time saves  taxpayers' money.   My legislation also expands the CRP acreage cap by 25 percent and  uses historical acreage averages to make sure CRP will be available in  States that have used it and that need it the most. Above all, the  acres enrolled in CRP and other easement programs must be effectively  used and managed to maximize their usefulness and effectiveness for  land and water conservation and wildlife, and I will work to make that  happen.   In addition, both of my legislative proposals contain provisions to  provide additional support to young, beginning, and socially  disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, as well as to military veterans. We  need to ensure that young and beginning farmers and ranchers and others  have opportunities to succeed, especially now, when even seasoned  farmers are struggling.   Along with trade agreements and the farm bill, there are other things  we can do to help farmers and ranchers and small businesses. This year,  we plan to take up major reform of our broken, bloated Tax Code. Making  sure that we consider the needs of farmers and ranchers during this  debate will be one of my priorities.   We can also help farmers and ranchers by removing burdensome  government regulations that do little to help the environment but force  farmers to spend untold hours and dollars on compliance.   One example of this kind of burdensome regulation is the so-called  waters of the United States rule, something with which every farmer and  rancher is familiar. This EPA regulation improperly used the Clean  Water Act to justify expanding the EPA's regulatory authority to waters  like small wetlands, creeks, stock ponds, and ditches. The rule  specifically targeted the Prairie Pothole Region, which covers five  States, including nearly all of eastern South Dakota. I am grateful  that the President chose to protect farmers and ranchers by announcing  a review of this rule in February of this year.   We could further support American farmers by removing yet another  unnecessary regulatory hurdle, and that is the Reid vapor pressure  regulation, which restricts the sale of E15 fuel during the summer  driving season.   Providing a waiver for E15, as enjoyed by other fuels, is a  bipartisan, no-cost way to roll back regulation and grant consumers  real choice at the pumps, as well as to help our farmers.   Our Nation and the world depend on American farmers and ranchers. We  need to make sure they can sustain their operations and continue to  efficiently feed America and the world.   I look forward to continuing our work on tax, trade, regulatory, and  farm bill policies that support farmers and ranchers in South Dakota  and throughout our country.   When agriculture does well, I would argue, our national economy does  well.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   