 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4324, which I  cosponsor, the Strengthening Oversight of Iran's Access to Finance Act,  introduced by Congressman Roger Williams.   I stand with the courage of my convictions while I listen to others  stand with the courage, apparently, of a conviction to coddle the  world's largest state sponsor of terrorism.   I have a problem, and I am not going to apologize for it, and my  colleagues aren't going to apologize for it; when we have an adversary  of our Nation overthrowing foreign governments, financing terror,  developing intercontinental ballistic missiles in violation of U.N.  Security Council resolutions, calling Israel the Little Satan and  America the Great Satan, pledging to wipe Israel off the map, chanting  ``Death to America.''   Just a few weeks ago, the CIA dropped 470,000 documents collected in  May of 2011, in the raid of Osama bin Laden's compound. In those  documents, it shows a strong relationship between Iran and al-Qaida,  and Iran offering finance and arms for carrying out attacks against  America.   I signed up to run for the United States Congress and take an oath to  protect this country, and, right now, while we are here this holiday  season--tonight is the second night of Hanukkah. We are about to have  Christmas, New Year's--we have people who are overseas, sometimes on  their 8th, 9th, 10th deployment, willing to risk everything in defense  of our freedoms and liberties, putting themselves in harm's way.   So when 10 Navy sailors end up getting held hostage and embarrassed  with photography and videography, being shamed by the Iranians, and  then we say, as a matter of response, thank you? That was our response  when they released our 10 detained Navy sailors.   And you want to question the conviction of Congressman Williams  introducing legislation that is incredibly important for protecting the  United States and our servicemembers and our allies; and you want to  mock us for having a problem with them chanting ``Death to America?''  Whose side are you on?    For anyone who has the courage of conviction to coddle the world's  largest state sponsor of terror.   Since the U.S. entered the JCPOA, Iran's state-owned airline, Iran  Air,  [[Page H9886]]  has used its access to the U.S. aviation industry to purchase planes  that aided the Assad regime in carrying out its war crimes in Syria  against its own citizens, innocent women and children.   Courage of convictions to stand with the United States, with our  allies, and on behalf of the women and children being targeted by the  Assad regime in Syria. We have a problem with that, and we want to do  something about it.   Don't try to shame us into being apologetic and unwilling and afraid  to stand up for all of those right principles. That is the courage and  conviction that I stand up with today, with Congressman Williams, with  Chairman Hensarling, and all the others who are encouraging a strong  ``yes'' vote for more accountability, for a stronger national defense,  for a better future.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I would like everybody  to know we are not trying to shame anybody. If we were going to shame  someone, we would shame them and that party about connection to Russia.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Price), an ardent supporter of the Iran nuclear agreement.   Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to  this bill. The Iran nuclear agreement stands as a major diplomatic  achievement that has destroyed Iran's capacity to develop a nuclear  weapon.   Detractors point to Iran's bad behavior in other realms--ballistic  missiles, support for Hezbollah, violations of human rights. We  acknowledge these problems. Nobody is talking about coddling Iran or  apologizing for Iran. I resent that implication by the last speaker.   The fact is, we take these problems and these challenges very, very  seriously; but we also note that there is not a one of them that  wouldn't be much more serious if we were dealing with a nuclear-capable  state. So we have got to protect this agreement. We have got to be wary  of any proposals that would directly or indirectly threaten it.   And that brings us to the bill before us, H.R. 4324, the so-called  Strengthening Oversight of Iran's Access to Finance Act, which would  make it much more difficult for Iran to purchase commercial aircraft  from firms that do business with the United States.   Now, as we all know, Iran's ability to replenish its aging civil  aviation fleet, which was depleted by decades of sanctions, was a key  incentive for Tehran to sign on to the JCPOA.   Kenneth Katzman of the Congressional Research Service said: ``Iran  would view the bill's enactment into law as a breach of the JCPOA. The  agreement contains a clear U.S. commitment to undertake such sales to  Iran.''   But this bill imposes reporting and certification requirements that  could well prompt the Treasury Department to cease issuing licenses  allowing for such sales if this certification were to be contingent on  non-nuclear factors, factors outside the deal.   Richard Nephew, the lead sanctions expert for the U.S. negotiating  team, put it this way. He said: ``My take on this bill is that, if  implemented the way I expect, it probably would violate the JCPOA.''   Now, I suppose we have to entertain the possibility that that  actually is what the authors of this bill have in mind. Maybe that is  the idea, to give the Trump administration and the Iranian hardliners a  way of sabotaging the agreement.   Already, President Trump has tried to undermine the JCPOA by refusing  to certify Iran's compliance with the deal when, by all accounts, Iran  is, in fact, complying.   Now, by directly blocking a specific provision of the agreement,  namely, the permissible sale of commercial passenger aircraft, this  legislation would send a clear message to Iran that the United States  does not negotiate in good faith. It would imply that we expect to have  it both ways, with Iran dismantling its nuclear facilities and getting  nothing in return.   The bill before us today would also break faith with our P5+1  negotiating partners in a reckless and dangerous way.   Because of this agreement, Mr. Speaker, the breakout time for Iran to  develop enough weapons-grade material for a nuclear weapon went from 2  or 3 months to more than a year.   Because of this agreement, the international community has 24/7  access to Iran's nuclear sites, an unprecedented degree of access,  intrusive inspections.   And because of this agreement, we possess an enforcement mechanism to  ensure Iran's compliance. Why on Earth would we give up these  capabilities by failing to uphold our end of the bargain?   That is the way agreements work. We uphold our end of the bargain. We  don't sabotage agreement by deceptive legislation like that bill before  us.   So, in light of renewed tensions on the Korean Peninsula, now is  especially not the time for the United States to go back on its word to  our allies and to the international community.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 4324.   