 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be  30 minutes equally divided for debate only, with no amendments or  motions in order and with the majority leader being recognized at the  conclusion of that time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.   The Senator from Oregon.    Mr. President, this is a big day because we are about to  provide tax relief to millions of people in Ohio and around the  country--middle-class tax cuts, doubling the standard deduction,  doubling the child tax credit, lower rates for people in every bracket.  In my home State of Ohio, we have the opportunity to see people who are  making $50,000 a year, with two kids, see a 26-percent tax cut. That is  important.   My colleague just talked about his concern about some of the  provisions that are before us. I will say, these have all been filed.  That doesn't always happen around here, and it should. These have all  been filed, and people can go on rpc.senate.gov. These were made  public. Nothing is on this list that hasn't been filed publicly.   Just looking at it, the biggest one that my colleague talked about as  being something to help rich people is the deduction for property  taxes. It is capped at $10,000. There is a deduction for allowing  people to deduct their property taxes, which is incredibly important  for middle-class families around the country. Some people on the other  side want to go much further and provide much larger deductions and  make those for State and local taxes.   By the way, their proposal would go primarily to upper income people,  the proposal they have. That benefit goes primarily to those who are  making higher incomes. How is it paid? It is a $10,000 deduction for  property tax. It is paid for by exactly the provision my colleague from  Oregon just complained about because he said he wanted to be sure  people had to pay an alternative minimum tax, and that alternative  minimum tax is being used to pay for this middle-class tax cut we are  talking about. Anyway, that is the biggest item by far.   The second biggest item is for the passthrough companies. These are  the smaller businesses in America, and it is to try to have some more  parity between the passthrough companies and the so-called C  corporations. Again, that is something that is really important to  small businesses in my home State of Ohio and around the country.   I encourage him to take a look. All of these have been filed. He can  look at them now or he can go online, as any citizen can, and take a  look at these things. I would say that at the end of the day, I know we  had a difference of opinion on whether there should be tax cuts, but we  think tax relief is appropriate right now. We think the middle-class  families who have not seen an increase in their wages, not just for the  last few years but the last couple of decades, need a little help.  Their expenses have not gone down. They have gone up. Wages have been  flat. That middle-class squeeze is addressed through these tax cuts--on  average, about $2,375 for an Ohio median-income family. That is  important.   People who are working paycheck to paycheck will find this to be  incredibly important. Maybe they can put a little more money aside for  retirement. Maybe it can help with their healthcare costs, which have  gone up  [[Page S7676]]  dramatically as wages have been flat. Maybe they can help people be  able to buy a car or to make a car payment if they already have a car.  These are real tax cuts. They are going to help middle-class families.  Again, I hope my colleagues will look at some of these changes, like  the $10,000 deduction for property taxes paid for with the alternative  minimum tax changes and help us be able to make this legislation even  more generous for folks in the middle class, as they say they are for.   With that, I would like to ask my colleague from South Carolina, who  has been very involved in the child tax credit, ensuring we have a  reduction of the brackets, if he would have a few comments on those.    I thank my colleague.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.    I thank my colleague.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.    I thank my colleague.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.    Mr. President, I wish I could convince my friend from  Michigan--and she is my friend--about the $4,000 per family that would  come from the pro-growth policies here, many of which she supports. She  wants her businesses to be competitive, and they are not now. It is an  outrage that our companies have to use a tax code that puts the workers  in those companies in a disadvantageous position every day. It is not  just about inversions, and it is not just about companies getting taken  over.   By the way, last year, three times as many American companies were  taken over by foreign companies as the other way around. Over the last  13 years, 4,700 companies became foreign companies that would today be  U.S. companies if this tax bill had been in place. I mean, it is  happening. They are taking their jobs and investments with them when  they go overseas.   We have to fix that problem. It has been bipartisan. There has never  been a partisan issue about that. That is where a lot of that $4,000  comes from. It comes from the fact that you are going to have more  investment and therefore higher productivity, and workers are going to  have a chance to see higher wages.   The Congressional Budget Office did a study in which they showed that  70 percent of the benefit of lowering the business rate goes to workers  in terms of higher wages and higher benefits. Others say it is less  than that. Others say it is more than that. Kevin Hassett, who is the  Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, says that it is more than  that. But that is where the $4,000 comes from. I hope it is a lot more  than that, but it is on top of the middle-class tax cuts that are very  direct.  [[Page S7678]]    In other words, that is not just saying that we are going to have a  better economy, which I believe we will--and I strongly believe we can  improve a broken tax code, as I think everybody does, to make it better  for American workers--but beyond that, you have the immediate tax  relief, and that is what we have been talking about.   This is the doubling of the standard deduction, the doubling of the  child tax credit, the lowering of the tax rates.   My friend from Pennsylvania just talked about the fact that 20  percent of the people between $50,000 and $75,000--I am not sure where  his data was coming from, but let's take it as true--have a small tax  cut or a tax increase, and 17 percent between $75,000 and $100,000 are  in that category. That means 80 percent of the people in that category  have a big tax cut, in the one category, and 83 percent in the other  category have a big tax cut. So, yes, a small tax cut--I don't know how  many have a small tax cut and how many have a tax increase, but the  vast majority of middle-class families, according to what my colleague  from Pennsylvania just said, are going to get a big tax cut. I don't  know what is wrong with that. That is $2,375, on average, for a median- income family in Ohio.   By the way, economists say that it not only creates the opportunity  for people to have a little better family budget through the direct tax  cuts but also, of course, more jobs.   Here is something interesting. Over the past couple of days, a letter  came in from 137 economists--many of them nationally known--who support  this legislation. This is what they say: Economic growth will  accelerate if this legislation passes, leading to more jobs, higher  wages, and a better standard of living for the American people. They  say that there will be significantly more resources coming into the  Federal Government because of this, because of the growth. They think  that there will be $1 trillion more revenue coming in because of this,  because of the growth. They also think that there will be additional  jobs--the Tax Foundation says 1 million new jobs.   So, yes, I do believe it will be $4,000 per family, but on top of  that, I believe that they are going to have a very direct benefit. I  know they will because the statistics are there--my colleague from  Pennsylvania just acknowledged it--that the vast majority of middle- class families are going to see a substantial tax cut.   Let me give you a number. For a family with two kids, making $50,000  a year, it is a 36-percent tax cut, on average. That matters. That  helps people who are trying to make ends meet. It is real both in terms  of the direct tax cuts and in terms of the economic growth and the  higher wages that are going to come with that, and that is so important  to all of the families we represent.   We have had a good discussion here. I see that my colleague from  Connecticut is here and would like to speak, and others, I am sure, are  going to want to speak.   I would ask my colleague from Oregon if he would be willing to have  another unanimous consent that there be additional time equally  divided.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be  30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no amendments or  motions in order and with the majority leader or his designee being  recognized at the conclusion of that time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.    Mr. President, again, we have had some interesting  dialogue back and forth. Earlier, my colleague from Connecticut was  talking about how this isn't real middle-class tax relief, and then he  lamented the fact that because of the arcane budget rules we have  around here, after 10 years, all these great tax cuts expire. So you  kind of have it both ways there, and I don't think you can do that,  which is that there aren't real tax cuts but then, when they expire, it  is the greatest shame because they are great tax cuts.   Here is the reality. There are significant tax cuts here for the  middle class. This legislation doubles the standard deduction. Probably  about two-thirds of the people I am talking to tonight already take the  standard deduction. Now we will have about 95 percent of people who  will take it, and everyone who takes it will be able to, instead of  getting $12,000 a family, get $24,000 a family, greatly expanding that.  By the way, there is a zero tax bracket, meaning people who don't have  any income tax liability. That means a lot to people I represent who  are living paycheck to paycheck, having a tough time making ends meet.   Also, as a result of this, and the other tax relief, about 3 million  Americans who now pay income tax are going to fall off the tax rolls.  They are no longer going to have income tax liability. That is really  meaningful to people. It also doubles the child tax credit. We talked a  little bit about that today. It also increases the refundability a  little. But importantly, it helps to ensure that families have the  ability to help make ends meet when they are trying to raise kids--the  most important thing you can do--and it lowers tax rates. That  combination means that you have the kind of tax relief we are talking  about.   So a family who makes $50,000 a year and has two kids gets a 36- percent tax cut. A family who makes $85,000 a year and has two kids  gets a 20-percent tax cut. If you make $165,000 a year and have two  kids, you get an 8-percent tax cut. So the benefit is focused more on  those who are at the lower end of the economic scale, and I think that  is appropriate.   So it is middle-class tax relief, but here is how it works. As to the  share of Federal taxes paid in 2019, which is a year after this is  implemented--it starts right away, by the way, so middle-class families  are going to get that relief right away--the current is in the red, and  then our proposal is in the blue.   So if you make zero to $20,000, it is very unlikely that you have  income tax liability, but some families do and the average is 0.1  percent. If you make $20,000 to $50,000 a year, your share of the  Federal taxes goes down in our bill from 4.3 percent to 4.1 percent. If  you make $50,000 to $100,000 a year, your share of the Federal taxes  goes from 16.9 percent to 16.7 percent. If you make $100,000 or above,  your share goes not down but up, from 78.7 percent to 78.9 percent. The  top percent of wage earners in this country, the top 10 percent, pay  approximately 70 percent of the income taxes right now. After our bill  is passed and implemented, they will pay more than 70 percent. So it is  a progressive tax cut in the sense that the benefit is focused more on  middle-class families who really need the help. That is what the  legislation does.   Then, in addition to that, in responding to my colleagues who were  talking whether there is any economic growth that comes from this, yes,  there is a lot of economic growth because the current code is so bad.  It is broken. My colleague from Oregon, who is the ranking member,  agrees with that. He has a different solution as to how you get there,  but he has been a leader on tax reform for that very reason. The  current code is actually putting our workers at a disadvantage, making  our families have to go through a great complicated process even to  file their taxes. More than half of taxpayers now have to use a tax  preparer. That is terrible.   So this legislation does also provide economic growth by taking that  Tax Code, which has this perverse effect of actually telling U.S.  companies that it is better that they have workers overseas and take  their investment overseas or even become a foreign company--the 4,700  companies that are foreign companies today became foreign companies  over the last 13 years because we didn't have this Tax Code in place.  That is based on an Ernst & Young study. I encourage folks to take a  look at it. It basically makes the point that because of a broken Tax  Code, it is advantageous for U.S. companies to take their jobs and  investment overseas. That makes no sense.   Foreign companies can pay a premium for U.S. companies because of our  Tax Code. We have the highest business tax rate in the industrialized  world, and we have an international system that encourages people to go  overseas and keep their money overseas. That is crazy. This proposal  changes all of that. It says: Let's get our rate down below the average  of the other industrialized countries, and then let's have an  international system that actually encourages them to bring the money  back and create more jobs here.   In fact, Mr. President, I will say something else. I know you are  interested in this. It also encourages foreign investment in this  country, because if you are a foreign auto company--and you have a  bunch in your State of Tennessee--and your decision is that am I going  to invest in Japan, where they might be headquartered, or am I going to  invest in China, where they might have a factory, or am I going to  invest in Germany, where they might a factory, or am I going to invest  in the United States of America and maybe in Tennessee, this bill will  make it more advantageous for them to make their investment here and to  create the jobs here because of the lower tax rate and because of the  expensing when they go out to buy new equipment and technology to make  their workers more productive.   So this is going to help American companies a lot to be able to  compete globally. It levels the playing field, which is very important.  It has been bipartisan up to now--very bipartisan. We had a working  group on this, among five bipartisan working groups that were  established 2 years ago, that studied this issue. We came up with the  solution that you have to get the rate below the average and you have  to go through the kind of system we are talking about. It was totally  bipartisan. Democrats and Republicans alike agreed to it because it  just makes so much sense for the American worker. They are the ones  getting the short end of the stick right now. They are the ones who are  told: You go out there and compete, but do it with one hand tied behind  your back.   We need to give them the tools to be able to succeed, and that is  what this legislation does. Yes, that is going to result in middle- class families getting benefits well beyond, in my view, the direct tax  cuts we talked about earlier because it is going to enable them to be  able to get the higher wages and the better jobs, and that is why some  economists have said it is $4,000 a family. Some have said it is more.  Many Democrats think it is less. But there will be a benefit to these  families. Remember, these companies we are talking about, the C  corporations, they employ more than half of the American private  workforce. They are competing every day in these global marketplaces.  We want them to win. We want our workers to win because we want them to  be able to have those higher wages and better benefits.   We have spent 2 decades with relatively weak economic growth and,  [[Page S7681]]  therefore, relatively flat wages. In fact, on an inflation-adjusted  basis, if you look back over the last 15 years, there hasn't been any  wage growth. There have been higher expenses, especially healthcare,  and those healthcare costs and tuition costs for those who want to send  their kids to school, or other costs--food and energy--have all gone  up. Wages have been flat. That is a middle-class squeeze, and that is  what this middle-class tax relief helps to address. Importantly, that  is what this pro-growth part helps to address because you are going to  see higher wages, and you are going to see better benefits if you give  this kind of tax relief to the American worker because you are going to  see more investment, you are going to see more productivity that comes  from that, and you are going to see higher wages.   I believe that, but what I believe isn't as important as what others  believe. So 137 economists, many of these are nationally known  economists, have looked at the pro-growth parts of this legislation-- the parts I am talking about that make us competitive again--and they  have said that economic growth will accelerate if this legislation  passes, leading to more jobs, higher wages, and a better standard of  living for the American people. They say there will be a million new  jobs in this country just because of this. I think that is really  important, as important as the tax cuts are for the middle class--and  they are important. Again, those tax cuts primarily go to folks who are  in the middle class and that is appropriate. Equally important to me is  to get this economy moving in a way that people can have the  opportunity to get those higher wages and better benefits.   The Congressional Budget Office did a study. It showed that 70  percent of the benefit of getting that corporate tax rate down is going  to go to workers in terms of salaries and benefits. Some say it is less  than that. Some say it is more than that. Kevin Hassett, who is the  chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, says it is more than  that. The point is that it is going to help these workers, and it is  about time that we help them.   There has been a lot of discussion about the process here tonight,  and I understand the frustration. As a Member of the Senate, sometimes  I feel that frustration as well. But I will say that this legislation,  H.R. 1, which is the vast majority of the papers that were held up a  moment ago--this is the legislation that came out of committee; it is  the vast majority of the pages--has been on this website called  budget.senate.gov and has been public since Saturday, November 26. So  it has been out there awhile for Members to look at.   Every single one of these amendments that are part of the manager's  amendment that was talked about tonight has been publicly filed, and I  think that is good. We required that Members have to file an amendment  and make it public. People can go on rpc.senate.gov and see all of  those amendments, and I think that is appropriate.   I would hope that, as we go through this process tonight and we talk  about this legislation, we can express our differences, which we will,  but that we can also stick to the facts, which is that this does  provide middle-class tax cuts. Again, as to those who have said earlier  that there are no real tax cuts, but then when it expires in 10 years  say: Well, gosh, these big tax cuts are gone, you can't have it both  ways. There are tax cuts. Maybe people think there should be different  kinds of tax cuts, but they are there.   Second, there is the economic growth element of this, which to me is  so important. We are not going to be able to have a growing economy and  have opportunity and, frankly, be in a position as a country to be able  to address some of our broader problems unless we have the growth and  the optimism that comes with that, and that is why I think the economic  growth parts of this are equally important. Again, that has been  bipartisan in the past, and I hope it can be bipartisan in the future.  I hope we will be able, as a Senate tonight, to pass this legislation  and then continue to work on these issues, not just in terms of tax  reform but making our economy and our workers more competitive because  that, in the end, is going to be the ability to give people the chance  for themselves and their kids and grandkids to have a better life.   I see my colleague from Pennsylvania is on the floor, and I know my  colleague from Oregon may have another speaker.   I yield the floor at this time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Ohio.    Mr. President, I see my colleague from Oregon has some  other speakers. I know he would like to speak, I am sure.   I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes, equally  divided, for debate only, with no amendments or motions in order, and  with the majority leader being recognized at the conclusion of that  time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   The Senator from Oregon.    Mr. President, first of all, I was referring  specifically to a CBO report earlier, and the Senator talked about the  Joint Committee on Taxation. We may have different views on that. It  wasn't my belief I was expressing; it was me talking about the  Congressional Budget Office's report. My understanding is that tonight  the entire bill will be online, No. 1.   Second, the analysis is necessary to ensure that it fits into the  reconciliation instructions.    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Good news--you will be glad to hear those tax cuts  continue. If your family is making $50,000, two kids, you will see a  36-percent tax cut. If you are making $165,000 a year, two  [[Page S7682]]  kids, you will get less of a percent--an 8-percent tax cut. That is all  included in the legislation.   The big change, as we talked about earlier--and I know you have it in  front of you--is that there is now this deduction for property taxes.  It is a $10,000 cap on that deduction. As you know, if you look at the  entire SALT, which are the State and local taxes and property taxes,  about 50 percent of that benefit goes to families making over $200,000  a year. In this one, the property taxes capped at $10,000 will be much  more targeted to the middle class.   I think it is fair to say to my colleague from Oregon that he will  see more middle-class tax relief from that, and that will be something  that will help middle-class families.   There is no change in terms of those tax cuts because those  brackets--the reduction of the tax rates, doubling of the standard  deduction, the doubling of the child credit--are all in the  legislation.    Mr. President, I rise today to engage in a colloquy with  the distinguished chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator  Hatch.   Mr. Chairman, I would like to clarify a point in connection with the  application of the base erosion anti-abuse tax in the Tax Cuts and Jobs  act to services companies. The act provides an exception from the base  erosion anti-abuse tax for services. The act limits the exception to  the ``total services cost with no markup.'' As a practical matter,  companies account for amounts paid or accrued for services in a variety  of ways. I would like to clarify that, if in a transaction a company  used one account for services cost with no markup and another account  for any additional amounts paid or accrued, that the first account  would be subject to the exception under the bill.   The act also excludes an amount paid or incurred for services if  those services meet the requirements for the services cost method under  Internal Revenue Code section 482, excluding the requirement that the  services not contribute significantly to fundamental risks of business  success or failure.   Is it the intent that, for this purpose, that the business judgment  rule under current law and regulations will not prevent an amount from  being excluded under the act?    I thank the chairman for that clarification and  appreciate his outstanding leadership and work on this historic tax  reform measure.   