 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the  Appropriations Committee for yielding me time.   I am very pleased to support H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure  Appropriations Act of 2018, especially because it includes H.R. 3266,  which provides appropriations for the energy programs within the  Science, Space, and Technology Committee's jurisdiction.   Chairman Simpson, who is on the floor behind me, has worked closely  with us on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee to include  responsible, pro-science funding levels for the Department of Energy.   Chairman Simpson, your leadership and cooperation have been  exceptional and are much appreciated. Thank you for your leadership in  passing this legislation that sets America on a path to remain the  world's leader in innovation.   The appropriations included in this legislation are consistent with  the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act, which passed the House last  Congress. This bill also funds programs authorized in H.R. 589, the DOE  Research and Innovation Act, which passed the House earlier this year  and was the product of over 3 years of work by the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee to advance basic research and set clear science  priorities for the Department of Energy.   American industry relies on Federal support for basic research to  produce the scientific breakthroughs that fuel technological  innovation, new industries, economic growth, and good jobs.   Around the country, scientists at our National Labs and universities  are conducting groundbreaking, basic science research that provides the  foundation for next generation technology in energy, medicine, and  manufacturing.   This legislation provides strong support for the Department of  Energy's Office of Science at $5.4 billion for fiscal year 2018. The  Office of Science will get increased funding for research in basic  energy sciences, high-performance computing, nuclear physics, high- energy physics, and fusion energy.   The strong support for the Office of Science in the appropriations  bill will prioritize the basic research programs that are the core  mission of the Department and the National Labs and lead to scientific  discoveries that can provide benefits across the economy.   This legislation also includes responsible funding for DOE's applied  programs, prioritizing early-stage research in electricity, energy  efficiency, renewables, fossil, and nuclear.   An example of such critical early-stage energy research involves  nuclear energy where the bill's funding supports the priorities  outlined in the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, which  passed the House as a part of H.R. 589. That legislation, sponsored by  Energy Subcommittee Chairman Randy Weber of Texas, combines the  strengths of the National Labs, universities, and the private sector to  develop advanced nuclear technology. This technology is our best  opportunity to provide reliable, emission-free electricity.   The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.    I thank the chairman of the committee for  yielding me an additional minute.   This appropriations bill also includes funding to begin design and  construction for the research reactor authorized in H.R. 589, which  will provide access to the fast neutrons necessary to enable the next  generation of nuclear energy technology.   As we shape the future of the Department of Energy, our priority must  be basic and early-stage research that only the Federal Government has  the incentives and resources to support and pursue. This will empower  private sector innovators to develop and demonstrate resulting new  capabilities that will attract the capital investments needed to take  energy technology to the marketplace, creating jobs and expanding our  economy.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this pro- science bill, pro-energy appropriations bill.   