 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to rise today in support of the fiscal  year 2018 budget resolution.   On behalf of Chairman Hensarling, I would like to take a moment to  speak about the instructions given by the chairwoman of the Budget  Committee to the Financial Services Committee to find savings of $14  billion.   Now, that is what we were sent here to do: to find those places where  it makes sense to cut the budget and we don't harm anything. In fact,  in this case, the Financial Services Committee is going to help things  in rural communities by finding those savings that the chairwoman  instructed us to find.   Several years ago, the Democratic majority passed the Dodd-Frank  resolution, the Dodd-Frank Act. That enshrined too big to fail. It  created unaccountable agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau.   Earlier this year, this body passed H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE  Act. That was trying to prune back the capabilities of CFPB to hurt the  rural areas, which it had been doing in my district.   Carlsbad National Bank recently shared with us how it takes them 185  pages to complete a mortgage loan, 185 pages for a small bank for just  the simple resolution of buying a home.   Many times our community banks are simply stopping to offer that  service. No one else is willing to come in to New Mexico and lend into  these rural communities. So we are facing a very serious problem.   Sometimes community banks are having to consolidate. That hurts rural  communities even worse, because the consolidation usually moves the  bank's headquarters outside the State or outside the community. It  weakens the fabric of the community.   So by finding the savings in this budget resolution which we were  instructed to do, we not only save the money, but we also stop the  encroaching regulations that CFPB is putting out, harming the rural  communities, harming rural homeowners.   So for those reasons, I gladly support H. Con. Res. 71, the Budget  Resolution Act, and urge its passage.   