 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for  yielding and for his time managing today's floor debate.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1074, a bill I first  introduced in the 114th Congress, which would repeal a 1948 law that  granted the State of Iowa criminal jurisdiction over offenses committed  by or against members of the Sac and Fox Tribe of the Mississippi in  Iowa.   Prior to this 1948 law, the Tribe had largely policed itself, and  there was little, if any, Federal law enforcement on the Tribe's land.   Historically, determining who may exercise jurisdiction over crime in  tribal communities is complex. Generally, crimes committed by or  against Indians in Indian Country are under the jurisdiction of the  United States, pursuant to various Federal statutes. The 1948 Act was  passed at a time when the Federal Government was attempting to shift  its responsibility and obligations from tribes to the respective  States.   In 1953, Congress passed a law, commonly called Public Law 280,  transferring criminal jurisdiction over all crimes, regardless of the  Indian status of the offender or victim, in Indian Country of six  States from the Federal Government to those States. Even though Iowa  was not one of those States, for years it has been treated as if it  were a Public Law 280 State.    With respect to the law enforcement on the settlement today, a lot  has changed since 1948. Today, the Tribe has a fully-functional  criminal justice system, which includes a full-time police department  whose officers are certified by the State of Iowa. The Tribe maintains  and employs law-trained judges and a prosecutor who, together with a  probation department, handle all criminal cases which arise on tribal  lands.   H.R. 1074, and its Senate companion bill, have bipartisan support  from the entire Iowa delegation, as well as the support of the Iowa  State Legislature, which passed legislation signed by then-Governor  Terry Branstad in April 2016, that began this process of conferring  jurisdiction to the Tribe and the Department of Justice.   As my friend from California previously mentioned, the entirety of  the Meskwaki Settlement is located in Tama County, Iowa, in my  district. Since I have come to Washington, I have gotten to know the  Sac and Fox Tribal Council and their representatives, and I was happy  to first introduce this bill in 2016 after its approval by then- Governor Branstad.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this bill, and I hope it  continues to move through the legislative process so that the Tribe may  once again have jurisdiction over many of the crimes committed against  their members on their land, and restore another portion of the Tribe's  sovereignty, which has been removed since 1948.   