 Mr. Speaker, BLM's Methane and Waste Prevention rule  really is an overreach of authority that is already held by the EPA and  the States. In fact, in North Dakota, the Department of Mineral  Resources has waste prevention or conservation rules in place and is  the first in the Nation to set gas capture requirements and goals.   Requiring operators to meet yet another set of rules, in addition to  States' permits, results in substantial increases in both time and cost  without any additional benefit to the public or to the environment, and  that would also subject operators to conflicting rules, which actually  could have the adverse effect that this rule aims at.   Just in North Dakota alone, it is estimated this rule would cost $24  million in lost tax revenue, and $240 million per year would be lost in  production, but $39 million, most importantly, would be lost in royalty  revenues, not to big, rich oil companies who make large contributions,  as our friends on the other side like to talk about, but to regular  people, farmers and ranchers and landowners who own the royalty, who  get the royalty. These are the very people the Democrats love to talk  about but don't seem to know how to talk to.   Methane leaks are wasteful, but there is a natural incentive to  capture it. Methane is not a waste product, it is a commodity.   The overall, best-case scenario impact of this rule would be a  reduction of 0.06 percent. Now, if the BLM really wants to do  something, they could streamline the permitting of the infrastructure  that would capture it.   I know of two pipeline projects in North Dakota alone that, had they  been allowed to move forward, at no expense to the government, had they  been allowed to move forward by the BLM, without its heavy hand of  regulation, would have reduced emissions 6 percent; 6 percent with the  natural incentive, stopped by the BLM, rather than this rule, which  would, perhaps in the best case scenario, reduce it 0.06 percent.    In wrapping up, I thank the chairman for the time and for  his leadership.   Let's pass this CRA and overturn this egregious, unproductive BLM  rule and return the authority where it belongs, back to the States.   