 I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding, and, Mr.  Speaker, what an honor to be able to introduce myself as a freshman of  the 115th Congress and serve with some great colleagues and freshmen.  It is great to be called a freshman again. It has been a long time  since I have been called a freshman.   I am very honored to serve the Second District of Nebraska. It is one  of three districts of the State that consists of a county-and-a-half  around Omaha, and it is a great home, a great place to live.   I was raised on a farm in a small town in Illinois, Momence,  Illinois, a town of about 1,800. We had corn, soybeans--I baled hay  four times a year--beef cattle, and I did that until I was 21 years  old. I know firsthand how hard our farmers work to make a living, and  it is an honor to be able to serve on the Agriculture Committee to make  a difference there.    I started serving in the Air Force back in 1985 as a 21-year-old, as  a newlywed. My wife and I had 16 assignments; four different continents  we were located in, coast to coast, and a lot of places in the middle.  I was very honored to be able to serve as a commander of five different  units, to include Ramstein Air Base in Germany. And there I got to see  firsthand the importance of working with our allies and the importance  of NATO, and I am going to take that experience with me.   I was also honored to serve as the commander of Offutt Air Force Base  near Omaha, Nebraska. I loved the missions there. I loved the people. I  had several different flying missions, a nuclear mission there as well,  and I look forward to being a strong voice for Offutt and our military  community there.   I was also able to deploy four times to the Middle East, and I look  forward to using the experiences that I have learned to make sure that  our men and women are equipped and trained to win.   I also did missile defense in Israel. It was an honor to work with  our Israeli friends. I look forward to being a strong voice to improve  the friendship with our great ally Israel.   Out of those 16 assignments, I did have three assignments at Offutt,  and I will tell you that my wife, Angie, and I loved eastern Nebraska.  The people are friendly. They have character. They love the military.  And we are so blessed to be able to call it our home now, and so  honored to be able to represent the great people of the Second  District.   I will be serving on three different committees. I will be on the  Armed Services Committee, the Agriculture Committee, and the Small  Business Committee. I look forward to using my experiences to make a  difference in all three. I am going to work my hardest on all three to  make a difference.   One thing I am certain of: when Americans are put on a level playing  field, we win. When our businessmen and -women and when our farmers are  put on a level playing field, we win.   It has been our own government that has put our citizens at a  disadvantage: high corporate taxes, regulations, our broken healthcare  system. I am going to dedicate myself to fixing these because we need  to help our Nation get on this level playing field where we start  prospering and succeeding once again.   During my time at Congress, I look forward to doing the following and  focusing on the following goals:   I want to reduce the burdensome regulations. And we have had a great  start in the 115th Congress. It is so exciting to see the great votes  we have already taken. We have over 3,000 regulations, on average, that  are put out by our agencies. And when you add up the cost  [[Page H460]]  of those from the past and those present, it adds up to almost $2  trillion, Mr. Speaker. That is almost 10 percent of our GDP, and it  falls unfairly on our small business community, our farmers, and we  have got to do better.   We need to reduce the cost of health care, and we are starting to  work on that now. I look forward to being part of the solution. We need  to ensure that folks have patient-centered health care that is  supported by their doctors, not Federal bureaucrats running their  health care where it is a one-size-fits-all approach.   I am going to work hard to open up markets for farmers and ranchers.  Nebraska has such a great agriculture, farming, and ranching community.  We are going to give them that opportunity, and we are going to work  hard to do it.   I am going to work hard to reform a broken Tax Code. It is not right  that our Nation has the highest corporate taxes, and it puts us at a  disadvantage when we compete overseas and with our neighbors. We must  fix that.   I want to work hard to rebuild and restore our military's readiness.  It is hard to believe, Mr. Speaker, that our readiness is at the lowest  level since post-Vietnam, and it is wrong. We have got to fix it.   Finally, I want to work hard to restore our allies' faith in our  Nation. Leading from behind has been a failure.   I will close with this thought, and it is something that I  communicated much during the campaign. Winning elections is not the  goal, but it is a means to an end.   Mr. Speaker, we are going to work hard in this Congress and I am  going to be dedicated to working my hardest to deliver results for the  American people and our district. It is about defending liberty. It is  about ensuring that we have opportunity and prosperity for the next  generations. It is about making sure that our Nation stays secure.   I thank the gentleman again for this opportunity to introduce myself.   