 Mr. President, I only have a few minutes of time on the  floor so I want to be relatively brief.   I want to share with you a chart that shows what is actually  happening as a result of this proposed tax bill. Here is what is  happening. There are 572,000 taxpayers. That is about half a million  taxpayers in America who are fortunate enough to make more than $1  million a year. As a result of this proposed plan, they will receive  $34 billion in tax cuts. They will receive $34 billion in tax cuts this  year, next year, and the year after that. That is an average tax cut of  roughly $59,000 a person. That is $34 billion going to 572,000  taxpayers.   What about the middle-class people the Republicans claim this bill is  about? There are 90 million taxpayers--not half a million--90 million  taxpayers who make $50,000 or less. Do you know what they get under  this bill? They don't get $34 billion. By the way, if you include the  estate tax, that number is $39 billion, $40 billion. They get $14  billion. That is an average tax cut per taxpayer of $160 a year, and  that is in 2019. That is the best year these guys have--after that, it  goes negative--and $160 a taxpayer is equivalent to $7.50 a paycheck.  So I suppose in 1 year, you could say there is a $7.50 tax cut per  paycheck.   That doesn't sound like a tax bill that is a middle-class tax bill to  me. These are the tax cut levels under the Republican plan also in  2019. This is the $59,000 number. If you are making between $40,000 and  $50,000, you get $492. If you are making between $10,000 and $20,000,  you get $48, and so on and so forth.   There is nothing middle class about this tax cut proposal. I was  asked today by somebody: How could these Republicans go home and  explain--in the States Donald Trump won--how could they explain they  didn't vote for that tax bill, when I was saying: I think we still have  a chance to defeat this tax bill. How can you say that? How could  somebody go home? I can't wait to go home to rural counties in my State  that voted 80 percent for Donald Trump--75 percent for Donald Trump-- and tell them I voted against this tax bill. My only regret is I will  not be able to tell them I voted against it twice.   They are not stupid. People in Washington think that somehow by  selling something based on percentages or selling something based on  rates, people aren't going to understand what is actually happening to  their aftertax income. My farmers and ranchers will understand that.  They voted for a guy who said he was going to Washington to drain the  swamp. They voted for a guy who said he was going to go to Washington  and not help the rich people--or the rich, as the President says. They  voted for a guy who said he was going to defend, support, and fight for  what he called the forgotten man.   It turns out that when the rubber hits the road, we see the same  movie that was happening before he got here--unless you want to argue  that the forgotten man is making more than $1 million in an economy  where people at the top earn more of that economy than they ever have,  at least since 1928. If you want to make that argument, you can. My  farmers and ranchers will not believe you. They will not believe that  argument. This is a disgraceful bait and switch.   Wait until you have to tell them that in order to make that tax cut  for the wealthiest people in America, you are going to borrow the money  from their children. You are going to borrow the money from the  children of people here to pay for the tax cuts at this end. You are  going to borrow the money from teachers' children, and police officers'  children, and firefighters' children. You are going to blow a $1.5 to  $2.5 trillion deficit. Today, J.P. Morgan came out and said this will  result in the largest nonrecession deficit this country has ever had  since World War II. That is what J.P. Morgan said.   We do have problems in this economy. In Colorado, we have problems  because even though we have one of the most dynamic economies in the  country, middle-class families are still having a hard time paying for  early childhood education. They are having a hard time paying for  housing. They are having a hard time paying for higher education, which  this bill makes even worse. They are having a hard time paying for  healthcare, which this bill makes even worse. You can't even make it  up. They are taking healthcare away from 13 million Americans in a tax  bill, and the Congressional Budget Office tells us that because of the  tax cuts they are producing for the wealthiest Americans, there is  going to be an automatic cut to Medicare of $25 billion in January.   So I say, let's go after those 80 percent Trump counties and 70  percent Trump counties in Colorado and have a debate. They are not  going to like what is in this plan. They will hate what is in this  plan. It is the opposite of what they were told they were voting for.   I would implore my colleagues--before I yield the floor--that we stop  this. Let's stop this bill. This bill doesn't deserve to be on the  floor of the Senate. It is a disgrace. There was not a single hearing  in the committee of jurisdiction--the Finance Committee--about this  bill. There was not one hearing about a bill that touches every recess  of our economy. It touches every household in our economy.   It has been 31 years since we did tax reform, and back then we did it  right, in a bipartisan way. This time, we don't even have the decency  to have a single hearing so the American people can hear what is in  this bill and make a judgment about whether it is a good bill or not a  good bill.   I am telling you, I know what they are going to say when they know  what the details are. We should stop this, and we should work in a  bipartisan way.   My colleague from Florida is on the floor. I know how important the  child tax credit is to him and my colleague from Utah. It is important  to me too. That is the basis for a deal.   I believe the corporate rate is not competitive with the rest of the  world. That is the basis for a deal, but borrowing money from middle- class taxpayers to finance $34 billion in tax cuts for 572,000 people  is not a basis for a deal.   The American people are not going to be fooled by this. They are too  smart for this.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gardner). The Senator from Florida.   