 Mr. President, sovereign nations across the globe are  brought together by different unifying forces. It can be a shared  heritage, language, religion, or outside historical forces that led to  borders drawn decades or centuries ago.   As a nation, we are unique. We are diverse in every sense of the  word, but even in these polarizing times, we are overwhelmingly  unified. We are unified by our belief in democracy, free enterprise,  and economic opportunity. We are all entrusted in nurturing the ideas  enshrined in our Constitution--the idea that our system of democratic  government enables us to work toward a more perfect union. At a time  when the promise of democracy is receding for far too many around the  world, we must do everything we can to uphold our country's free and  fair elections, the foundation of our democracy.   Our elections should serve as a global benchmark for the peaceful  transition of power. As President Reagan said, we must be ``the shining  city upon the hill,'' and we must lead by example. Our elections  require a strong and steady commitment from our newly naturalized  citizens; from families whose families fought in the Revolutionary War;  from volunteers who cover 16-hour shifts to keep polling locations  open; from country, city, and township clerks.   The preservation of free and fair elections requires a strong  commitment from our highest elected official in the land. As Americans,  we look to the President of the United States to safeguard our  democracy from foreign adversaries.   When we are presented with clear and mounting evidence that the  Russian Government, at the personal discretion of Russian President  Vladimir Putin, orchestrated a campaign to undermine this most  fundamental institution and interfere in our election, we should expect  nothing less than a clear and forceful response from the White House  that this kind of behavior is simply unacceptable. Unfortunately, what  we have seen from President Trump and the White House so far amounts to  little more than confusion, evasion, and a whole lot of smoke.   President Trump has spoken time and again about wanting to build  closer ties with Russia. On the campaign trail, he frequently fawned  over Putin's strength as a leader. In 2013, he asked his Twitter  followers, ``Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe  Pageant in November in Moscow--if so, will he become my new best  friend?''   While I don't believe that Putin attended the pageant, the nature of  the Putin-Trump relationship remains an open question. It confuses me  and quite frankly alarms me that President Trump speaks so fondly of a  man who brutally cracks down on his political opponents and journalists  at home while stirring up conflict and aggressions abroad.   Make no mistake, Vladimir Putin is no friend of the United States or  of the American people. Our Nation's intelligence agencies agree with  high confidence that his government orchestrated a campaign to  undermine the integrity of our recent election, and Putin has sought at  every turn to destabilize the international order that has kept the  American people and our allies secure for decades.   Russia's interference in our election was not an isolated incident.  It is part of a broader effort to undermine the NATO alliance and  weaken western democracies. I heard from our French and German allies  at the Munich Security Conference last month about their concerns that  Russia will continue to engage in disinformation campaigns in European  elections. As we aspire to be the free-market driven, democratic ``city  upon a hill,'' Putin's government works to sow chaos globally in an  effort to further consolidate power in his nationalist, self-enriching  regime.   These attempts to destabilize Russia's neighbors and rivals are not  limited to cyber space and computer code. These provocations involve  military aircraft, ships, nuclear capable missiles, heavy artillery,  drones, and efforts to redraw international borders.   As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I believe that  the highest duty of Congress is to keep Americans safe. Russia's  dangerous and unprofessional military provocations not only place  American servicemembers and NATO allies at risk, they endanger civilian  lives and raise the specter of escalating regional conflict.   Just last month, Russian aircraft flew within a few hundred feet of  the USS Porter in international waters in a dangerous mock attack--an  action the ship's captain called out as ``unsafe and unprofessional.''   Last summer, while on a congressional delegation to meet with NATO  allies, I heard directly from Estonian leaders about Russia's blatant  disregard for their sovereignty. Russian forces kidnapped a border  guard in Estonian territory and sentenced him behind closed doors to 15  years in prison, in what a top European Union official called ``a clear  violation of international law.''   We have seen the Russians fly reconnaissance and fighter jets in  international airspace, with their transponders switched off in order  to avoid detection--at one point, nearly colliding in midair with a  passenger airplane. NATO has been forced to scramble jets almost 800  times--let me repeat  [[Page S1966]]  that: 800 times--in 2016 alone, just to respond to Russia's  encroachments on NATO airspace.   As the President speaks glowingly about Putin, Mr. Putin returns the  favor by deploying a dangerous new cruise missile, in clear violation  of the Reagan-era Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty.  Simultaneously, a Russian spy ship has been spotted lurking off the  U.S. coast, trying to gather intelligence information near the Navy's  primary east coast submarine base.   We are also seeing Russia undertake the largest military buildup in  the Arctic since the end of the Cold War and at a pace faster than we  ever, ever saw during the Soviet era.   Russia is reopening defunct military outposts and building new ones  all across the polar region. There are 13 new Russian airfields that  are scheduled to open by the end of this year. The Russian military  recently staged an exercise in the Arctic region with well over 12,000  troops.   As the Russians build up their forces in the Arctic, the United  States is falling behind. Our principal maritime force in the Arctic is  the U.S. Coast Guard, but they have only one heavy icebreaker, the  Polar Star, that is capable of keeping Arctic shipping lanes open or  conducting search and rescue missions year-round. A new icebreaker to  replace the Polar Star is still a few years away.   In contrast, the Russians have over 40 icebreakers in their fleet,  many of them nuclear, with plans for three new icebreakers underway. At  a time when we should be investing in our Arctic capabilities, the  Trump administration has been considering deep cuts to the Coast  Guard's budget.   Russia's expansionist activities and military probing are not  occurring in a vacuum. The numerous threats and provocations that I  have outlined occur as Russia continues to wage war in eastern Ukraine  in the wake of their illegal annexation of Crimea, destabilizing the  opportunity for the Ukrainian people to chart their own political and  economic destiny. There are 10,000 people who have lost their lives in  this conflict as a direct result of Russian aggression.   Last year, as I traveled with my Senate colleagues to Estonia, the  Czech Republic, and Ukraine, I learned firsthand about the efforts in  these countries to strengthen their civil institutions and root out  corruption, build lasting partnerships, and stand up to Russian  provocations. While they are doing their part, they continue to look to  the United States for global leadership.   This year, U.S. troops deployed to Eastern Europe to demonstrate our  ironclad commitment to our NATO allies, where they were welcomed with  open arms. We are working with our partners in Iceland to enhance their  capabilities to detect and respond to a recent increase in Russian  submarine patrols.   I am also proud to stand with the airmen of the 127th Wing of the  Michigan Air National Guard, who deployed from my State to build on  their long record of successful cooperation with our partners in  Latvia.   When the Kremlin is threatening our allies, buzzing our Navy  warships, and meddling in foreign elections, now is not the time to  call into question the commitment or the resolve of the United States  of America.   Vladimir Putin's world view is shaped by his time in the KGB during  the Cold War. He is committed to projecting Russian strength, both at  home and abroad, through intimidation and aggression. Strength is what  he respects. If Putin's provocations are not met with a strong  response, they will continue and likely escalate, putting American  interests and the American people at risk.   Top officials in the Trump administration have been dispatched to  crisscross Europe and reassure the world of our commitments to global  security. I joined Vice President Pence and Secretary Mattis in Germany  last month for the annual Munich Security Conference.   They spoke of America's commitment to NATO and the international  order, which was built from the ashes of World War II, in an apparent  attempt to reassure our nervous allies, but our allies are not trying  to understand the aims of the Mattis administration or the Pence  administration. They are trying to determine if President Trump will  stand behind NATO and the institutions that have served as a  counterweight to Russian aggression for decades.   The American people are also watching the White House, and they  deserve to know that those who serve at the highest levels of  government will always have America's best interests at heart. But  every week we are faced with mounting evidence that the Trump  administration and the Trump campaign have ties to Russia and are  working to cover up their interactions with Russian officials.   Earlier this week, in testimony before the House Intelligence  Committee, FBI Director Comey announced that the FBI was  ``investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated  with the Trump campaign and the Russian Government and whether there  was any coordination between the campaign and Russia's efforts.'' This  bears repeating. The FBI Director has confirmed that there is an active  investigation into coordination between a Presidential campaign and a  foreign adversary. This is just the latest development in a long string  of disturbing revelations about President Trump's associates.   Ousted campaign chairman Paul Manafort has a deep web of business and  political connections to Russian interests. Other campaign advisers  have backed off previous claims that they never spoke with Russian  officials. In fact, the coverup of these interactions has already  resulted in the first resignation from the Trump administration.    Not long after President Obama imposed sanctions on the Russian  officials and military intelligence agencies that were responsible for  interfering in our election, former National Security Advisor Michael  Flynn had a secret, off-the-record discussion with Russian Ambassador  Kislyak, in which he discussed lifting these sanctions under the  incoming Trump administration.   Top officials at the Justice Department clearly warned the White  House that Mr. Flynn was vulnerable to Russian blackmail. He resigned  only after it became clear that he misled the public and the Vice  President about the substance of these off-the-record conversations.   But it doesn't just end there.   The Attorney General, at best, misled the Judiciary Committee during  his confirmation hearings about his record of contact with Russian  officials. He testified under oath that he ``did not have  communications with the Russians'' during the campaign. When it became  clear that he had actually met with the Russian Ambassador at least  twice last year, including in a one-on-one meeting in the final weeks  of the campaign, he was forced to recuse himself from the Justice  Department's criminal investigation into this very, very serious issue.   It has been my experience that, when people are caught covering up  their meetings and contacts with someone, they usually have something  to hide. If you have nothing to hide, there is no reason for a coverup.   The serious national security implications of the Trump  administration's potential ties with Russia cannot be overstated. This  is a time when we need to make clear that Russian aggression will not  stand. Instead, the President has attempted to distract the public  through unsubstantiated allegations about the wiretapping of Trump  Tower--an allegation that has been refuted by FBI Director Comey and  others. President Trump continues to double down by calling into  question the motives of those who want assurances about integrity in  our elections.   Let me be clear. This is not about partisan politics. When there is  so much smoke, there is probably some fire somewhere. If another  country is infiltrating our government and political institutions or if  Vladimir Putin has favors to cash in from officials at the highest  levels of government, that is a serious problem.   Russia has endangered our servicemembers, threatened our allies,  illegally annexed Crimea, engaged in war crimes in their bombing of  Aleppo, and actively worked to undermine our democracy. These  revelations are only adding more smoke to the Russia fire, and it is  clear we need a special prosecutor to investigate.  [[Page S1967]]    The American people expect this investigation to be free from any  political interference or influence or bias. We need someone to cut  through the smoke and clear the air. An independent special prosecutor  should be appointed to examine Russia's campaign to interfere in our  election as well as any association or coordination between the Trump  campaign and Russia.   I also believe that the time has come to create an independent,  nonpartisan commission to fully investigate Russian interference.  Earlier today, I cosponsored legislation introduced by Senator Cardin  that would create such a commission and provide it with the necessary  subpoena power to get the answers that the American people clearly  deserve.   This is not about Democrats or Republicans or about relitigating the  2016 election. This is about our national security. This commission,  modeled after the 9/11 Commission, would provide a comprehensive report  on what occurred last year and make recommendations as to how we can  best defend the integrity of future elections.   This is about how we move forward together. This is about how we  maintain the independence of our government from foreign influence and  instill faith in Americans that the White House is truly working for  them.   This is about moving past months of coverups and finally  extinguishing this smoldering Russian fire or proving that all of this  smoke is, truly, just a series of misunderstandings.   This issue shakes the foundations of our democracy, but our Union has  survived harder challenges than this.   At a time when the public's trust in government is called into  question, we must do everything we can to restore faith in the  integrity and the impartiality of our institutions.   Just as we, as Americans, are unified in our faith in democracy and  economic opportunity, we are unified in our belief in the rule of law.  Just as we must show strength abroad through our military and our  alliances, we must show strength at home by rooting out corruption and  protecting our democratic process.   All of us--Democrats and Republicans, Congress and the White House,  our diplomats and our military--must send a clear, unified message to  authoritarian leaders in Moscow and everywhere else that threats levied  against the United States will never be tolerated and that there will  be a price to pay for making them.   The American people expect us to keep them safe while strengthening  our Republic against enemies, both foreign and domestic. It is our duty  to prove that we are up to the job.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   