 Mr. President, it has been an amazing process. I have  been here a little over 10 years, and I have never seen anything like  this.   We voted cloture a few days ago to move to debate. Nothing. Now we  have a bill here today that as Senator Murphy has already pointed out,  will rip healthcare away from millions of people, increase premiums by  20 percent a year, and basically solve none of the problems that are  out there that need to be solved that affect Americans every day,  especially rural Americans.   I must thank the Senator from Washington, Mrs. Murray, for the motion  to take this back to committee. This is where we should have started.  We should have started in the committee process like our forefathers  had designed this place to work, the greatest deliberative body in the  world, but it didn't. Every bill has been drafted by a select few in a  backroom, with no input from anybody, especially people from rural  America. So it is really time, folks, to open this process up.   As I have gone around the State of Montana--and I have for the last 8  months--talking to folks about healthcare in rural America, they are  very nervous. I am going to tell you something. If people cannot pay  their bills because they don't have health insurance or they don't have  the money, it is going to put these small hospitals at risk, these  rural hospitals at risk.   I will tell you a little bit about the town I grew up in. This is a  town where my grandparents homesteaded over 100 years ago. From the  time of the homestead era until the midsixties, they didn't have a  hospital. Their hospital was the top floor of a place that sold dry  goods. In the midsixties, they finally scratched up enough money, and  they built a hospital.   Big Sandy is not near as big today as it was back then. I am going to  tell you, the hospital administrators from these small hospitals, the  folks in the Montana Hospital Association have told me that if charity  care goes up, they could close and at a bare minimum change their  method of delivery for healthcare.   What does that do to a small town? Oftentimes, the hospital is the  largest employer in that town. They usually fight with the school  district for that honor. You take the hospital out, you take the heart  and soul out of that community.   You want to see a mass exodus from rural America, even bigger than it  has been over the last 50 years? Pass this bill. Pass this bill.   This isn't about numbers, and it isn't about words; it is about  people. Big Sandy is not unique. Every rural town in the State of  Montana that has a hospital is in that position. It is the same thing  in Wyoming. It is the same thing in North and South Dakota. It is  probably the same thing in more urban States that have rural areas,  where these small hospitals will be put at risk of closure. It is not  right.  [[Page S4402]]    I am going to tell you that if we follow the process that should be  followed in this great body, we would take this healthcare bill and put  it back in committee, have a debate, listen to ideas from everybody,  rural and urban alike--farmers and ranchers, businesspeople, healthcare  professionals, families, doctors, nurses--and we could come up with a  bill that could work for this country. But that is simply not the case  here tonight, and we should not be proud of this at all.   Our forefathers set up a great system that can work, and the majority  has chosen to ignore that system. It is a disgrace to the Senate.   I yield the floor.   