 Mr. President, this bill is the product of the most  secretive and partisan process I have seen in my 10 years in the  Senate. Who did the magicians who came up with this listen to? They  obviously didn't listen to the doctors. The American Medical  Association is opposed to this. The American Pediatric Society is  opposed to this. The American Academy of Family Physicians is opposed  to this. Certainly the doctors didn't get a chance to get heard in this  process.   How about the hospitals? The American Hospital Association is opposed  to this. Catholic hospitals are opposed to this. Rural hospitals are  warning that this could end their very existence. Let's have a process  that gives the hospitals a chance to be listened to.   The nurses in Rhode Island are opposed to this. I think nurses around  the country are opposed to this. Why not have an open process that  gives the nurses a chance to be heard?   Our community health centers are opposed to this. They have been to  Washington to say: Please don't do this. You will be hurting real  people whom we care for.   Illness advocacy groups--the people they are fighting for are stuck  in this healthcare system with serious illnesses. Did we listen to the  American Cancer Society? No. Did we listen to the American Lung  Association? No. We didn't even listen to the hemophilia group, for  Pete's sake. Addiction treatment groups are against this.   We have listened to nobody. We didn't even listen to the Republican  Governors, let alone the Democratic Governors, like my Governor, who is  telling me: We are working fine. We having people on Medicaid. Our  exchanges are working.   Why fire this torpedo into perfectly working exchanges when we can be  working on fixing the few where it is not working?   Why are we here? Who is behind this? Who was telling the little group  of magicians in their secretive back room what to do? This is what  happens when a party becomes beholden to a small handful of creepy  billionaires and stops listening to the people. They are conducting a  freakish social experiment on other people's health coverage, because  you can bet those billionaires have all the coverage they need, but  they have this ideology about taking coverage away from people by the  millions. And our Republican friends are standing up in lockstep to  march the billionaire march on a bill that everybody hates and that  will cause damage in everybody's home State. And it doesn't matter  because the billionaires have the dark money, the dark money floods our  politics, and everybody marches to the tune of the anonymous  billionaires.   We could be doing great things. We could be solving the known problem  of end-of-life care and making sure people get their wishes honored at  that precious time. We could be dealing with opioid and behavioral  health issues that are bedeviling communities across this country. We  could be helping doctors with payment reform that lets them treat  people in a way that keeps them healthier, rather than having to wait  to be paid until they do stuff to people--running up the cost of  healthcare.    We could be dealing with hospital-acquired infections. How many  people know someone who had a hospital-acquired infection, which brings  enormous costs into the system as you have to treat it? Do we address  that? No, because we didn't bother to listen to the hospitals.   We could do something about pharmaceutical prices. People in America  are irate about jacked-up pharmaceutical prices, driven up by people  who aren't even in the drug manufacturing industry but are just  speculating on their ability to use monopoly pricing to drive up  prices. But they put money into the system, so they get what they want.   This bill is a nightmare in and of its own, and it is a colossal  missed opportunity to do something good for the American people that  will actually help them. So let's support Senator Murray's motion to  recommit and just try the regular order that the majority leader has  proclaimed he was a champion of for year after year, until the creepy  billionaires said to him: We are giving you the money; this is the bill  we want. We don't care about those people or those hospitals. Shove it  through because it suits our ideology.   This is no way to govern. Give the people, the hospitals, the  doctors, the nurses, the community health centers, and the people  suffering from illnesses at least a chance to be heard in some kind of  open environment.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.   