 Mr. President, first of all, I thank my friend the  Senator from Texas for giving me the courtesy of letting me get in my  comments about the nomination of former Senator Dan Coats to serve as  the fifth Director of National Intelligence, a position recommended by  the 9/11 Commission and established by the Intelligence Reform and  Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004.   Dan Coats is a friend of mine and many in this body. He represented  Indiana in both the U.S. House and for separate terms in the U.S.  Senate. He was also U.S. Ambassador to Germany from 2001 to 2005. As  mentioned, for 6 years I served with the nominee on the Senate Select  Committee on Intelligence. I have always found Dan to be fairminded and  know him to be an advocate for strong oversight of the intelligence  community. He believes in the need for intelligence that is timely,  relevant, and free of political interference.   During my private meeting with him, as well as during his  confirmation hearing, Senator Coats committed to find and follow the  truth, regardless of where it leads, agreeing that his primary job will  be ``to speak truth to power,'' to the President, to policy and  military leaders, and to Members of Congress. I know these are traits  he will continue to employ if confirmed as the next Director of  National Intelligence.   During James Clapper's most recent tenure as the DNI, in 6 years he  put in place some fundamental changes in how the Intelligence community  operates. He reoriented the Office of the DNI to focus on intelligence  integration with an emphasis on mission. He often was willing to roll  up his sleeves and take on the hard challenges of trying to get the  intel community to operate on the same IT backbone systems. If  confirmed, I have encouraged Senator Coats to build upon former  Director Clapper's efforts, which are critical to ensuring that  policymakers, warfighters, law enforcement, and national security  officers receive intelligence products that are timely, relevant, and  objective.   Of course, if confirmed, Director Coats will take on the job as the  Nation's chief intelligence officer, leading the intelligence community  during a very difficult time because unfortunately this President,  along with his closest advisers, has repeatedly and unfairly disparaged  the professionalism and actions of the Nation's intelligence  professionals. These are men and women who maintain the highest  standards of professionalism and integrity. They anonymously sacrifice  for the country, often in the face of grave personal danger.   As DNI, Senator Coats is committed to defending the values and  integrity of the men and women of the intelligence community, even when  the White House may not like to hear it.   Another challenge Senator Coats will face on his first day on the job  is to effectively support the Senate Intelligence Committee's ongoing  investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential  election. Last week, I went to CIA headquarters in Langley, along with  a number of other Members of the committee, to review the beginnings of  the raw intelligence that led the community to conclude that Russia  massively interfered in our last Presidential election. Both in public  and in private, Senator Coats has promised he will support the  committee's investigation to the fullest. We will hold him to that  commitment.   On this topic, I want to reiterate on the Senate floor what I have  already said numerous times. This investigation is not about being a  Democrat or Republican nor about relitigating the 2016 election. The  investigation is about upholding the core values and sanctity of  democracy that all Americans hold dear. It is also about holding Russia  accountable for their improper interference in our elections and arming  our allies--one of which has an election today--with information about  the means employed by Russia in our elections so they can use that  information to protect the integrity of their own electoral process.   We will work to ensure that this critical investigation is done  right, done in a bipartisan manner, free of any political interference,  and as the chairman and I have both reiterated, that it follows the  facts wherever they may lead.   I have every reason to believe Senator Coats will be forthcoming in  supporting this investigation. If at any point it becomes clear to me  that the Senate Intelligence Committee is unable to keep up these  commitments, I am prepared to support another process.   Finally, let me acknowledge two other things.   During Senator Coats' confirmation hearing, he was asked about his  role on the National Security Council, including the Principals  Committee. He assured us that he will be attending these meetings and  participating in them despite the confusion created by an Executive  order that appeared to disinvite the DNI from these meetings. If he is  not included in these meetings, I will expect to know about it and the  reason why.   Senator Coats has also committed to me personally and to the  committee that he will not support the return of waterboarding and  other so-called enhanced interrogation practices, nor will he support  reestablishing secret detention sites into the activities of the  intelligence community. He reassured the committee that he will follow  the law as it now stands and that he will not advocate for changes to  the law or recommend a reinterpretation of the law based on any  personal beliefs. The law is clear: No interrogation techniques outside  the Army Field Manual are allowed.   Finally, Senator Coats has also reassured me and all of the members  of the committee that if confirmed, he will always present to the  President, to his Cabinet advisers, and to those of us in Congress the  unvarnished facts as represented by the best judgments of the  intelligence community whether or not that analysis is in agreement  with the views of the President, with ours in Congress, or with anyone  else's who might receive them.  [[Page S1813]]    For these reasons, I support the movement. I was glad to see 88  Members of this body support Dan's movement forward. I believe he will  be a great fifth Director of National Intelligence.   I thank my friend the Senator from Texas for giving me time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Texas.   