 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this resolution which  would disapprove of the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule that was  finalized in August of 2016.   The Federal Acquisition Regulation requires Federal contractors to be  ``responsible,'' to have a satisfactory record of integrity, and  business ethics.   The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule would require Federal  contractors to self-report on violations of 14 fundamental Federal  labor and nondiscrimination laws.   This includes laws like the Occupational Safety and Health Act, or  OSHA; the Fair Labor Standards Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act;  and the Civil Rights Act.   These Federal laws apply to all businesses in the United States, and  a vast majority of Federal contractors comply with them as well.  Unfortunately, studies by the GAO, the Center for American Progress,  and others show that there are a few bad apples that consistently  violate these fundamental Federal labor laws, yet continue to be  awarded Federal contracts.   That is just plain wrong. Americans' tax dollars should not go to  contractors who persistently and willfully violate such laws.   It also puts contractors who do obey the law at an unfair  disadvantage because they willingly bear the cost of compliance to  provide safe and fair workplaces.   The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule would also improve the  effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal acquisition process by  promoting healthy and productive workplaces.   As the final rule notes, ``Contractors that consistently adhere to  labor laws are more likely to have workplace practices that enhance  productivity and increase the likelihood of timely, predictable, and  satisfactory delivery of goods and services.''   This rule should be a win-win. It helps the Federal Government ensure  compliance with fundamental labor and nondiscrimination laws and, at  the same time, improve the efficiency of the Federal contracting  process.   I urge our Members to vote ``no'' on this ill-conceived disapproval  resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Virginia  (Mr. Bobby Scott), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and  the Workforce, be allowed to control the time on this side.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the  gentleman from Maryland?   There was no objection.   