 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island for  yielding. Thank you, Representative Langevin, for leading us in this  hour, and also for your great leadership on behalf of the arts and  humanities.   I am very pleased to join my colleagues in taking this time to speak  about the critical importance of the National Endowment for the Arts,  NEA, and the National Endowment for the Humanities, NEH.   Any great civil society will grow even stronger by embracing the arts  and humanities, and certainly America, when she embraces the arts and  the humanities, grows to the greatest potential; so the greatness of  America is reflected by that interest and that investment.   At a time when some are arguing that we must cut our way to success,  I would remind them that investments in the arts and in humanities are  investments in our workforce and in our economy. I fully support  funding for these programs.   The National Endowment for the Arts provides a foundation for  America's artistic excellence, her creativity, and innovation that  benefits individuals, communities, and our industries.   As NEA Chair Jane Chu once said: ``Although many may not realize it,  the arts actively intersect with areas such as the economy, human  development, and community vitality.''   The NEA, as a strong sponsor of the arts and artists, is an integral  source of strength at these intersections, challenging students to turn  imaginative ideas into brilliant solutions for generations to come.   Art in our communities, and especially in our schools, is indeed  vital. It is one of the most important ways that we celebrate our  unique regional heritage and expand our own horizons of creativity and  innovation.   In the capital region of New York, the area that I am so proud to  represent, we value the arts. So much of our artistic achievement would  not be possible without the National Endowment for the Arts.   For many years, the Albany Symphony Orchestra has received NEA grants  in support of the American Music Festival.   The Arts Center of the Capital Region has received NEA grants for  exhibitions, workshops, and master classes.   Yaddo has been the recipient of many NEA grants to support  residencies for collaborative teams.   Fence magazine uses NEA grants for publication of books of poetry and  podcasts.   Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute was just awarded an NEA grant for  residencies to create works investigating the intersection of art,  media, technology, and, yes, science.   Without the NEA, these programs would not be there to enrich our  communities and our lives.   National Endowment for the Humanities awards also support research  and innovation, strengthen critical thinking and writing skills, as  well as strengthen humanities education in all institutions of  learning.   Supporting the growth of the humanities in our communities is just as  essential. The National Endowment for the Humanities has contributed in  many ways to the capital region, which has a very rich history and  heritage worthy of preservation, promotion, and celebration.   Many of our institutes of higher education have benefited from these  grants, including RPI, Skidmore, Union College, and SUNY Albany, to  name a few.   Some of the projects that have been funded by NEH include the  Underground Railroad History Project of the Capital Region, which  explores the complex relationship between the Underground Railroad, the  end of the Civil War and Reconstruction in our region, as well as the  influence of these events on our contemporary society.   Investments in the humanities also drive us to be better citizens.  NEH has supported the League of Women Voters of New York State  Education Foundation, which is working toward the celebration of  women's right to vote and the 100th anniversary of the League of Women  Voters in New York State to celebrate the upcoming events commemorating  the women's suffrage centennial.   Grant recipients include the Girl Scouts, the Troy Boys and Girls  Club, libraries, museums, high schools, and elementary schools. Our  history reminds us of the pride that comes with developing community  and neighborhood, investments that those who came before us made in  growing families, developing households, building neighborhoods in  powerful and meaningful ways.   This conversation is also closely linked to two other important  fields that are intertwined with the arts and humanities. First, I am a  longtime supporter of America's heritage areas, special places that  have played important roles in shaping our Nation. They tell the  stories of people and communities, the pioneer spirit of which laid the  foundations of our society.   Heritage areas provide enormous economic benefits, and I greatly  appreciate the work that the Erie Canalway and Hudson Valley heritage  areas have done for upstate New York. As the co-chair of the  Congressional National Heritage Area Caucus, I continue to be impressed  by how the entire National Heritage Areas program operates on a very  small budget. These cost-effective programs create jobs and grow our  local economies.   In fact, each Federal dollar invested in this program leverages more  than $5 in non-Federal funds. That is exactly the kind of smart  investing we need to see more of.   By the way, thank you to the 77 Members who joined me in supporting  funding for heritage areas.   I am also supporting funding for the Institute of Museum and Library  Services because museums are a vital part of our communities and  educational infrastructure. These museums collectively employ 400,000  Americans and have an impact of $20 billion in their communities.   During my time in Congress, I have been a steadfast advocate for our  Nation's museums, and I have urged my colleagues to robustly fund the  Institute of Museum and Library Services, the primary agency that  supports our Nation's 33,000 museums. It is highly accountable, and its  great competitive, peer-reviewed grants programs serve all States.   This year, we had 166 Members signing on to that letter. So it is  very obvious, NEH, NEA, IMLS, and National Heritage Areas are  fundamental investments in our communities. They make life richer, more  meaningful; they inspire us; they challenge us. They need to be funded.  Let's move forward with the critical funding they require and deserve.   