 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, let's step back a minute on this issue.   As you can see from this chart, coal, natural gas, and oil--fossil  fuels--make up 81 percent of this country's energy consumption--81  percent.   But the proportion of R&D funding, you can see, is only 18 percent,  which is far below what is currently being spent on renewables and  nuclear.   The reality is that America and the entire world are going to be  dependent on fossil fuels for years to come. The Energy Information  Administration estimates that by the year 2040, fossil energy will  still make up 78 percent of the energy used around the globe.   Are my friends on the other side serious about addressing these  emissions?   Shouldn't America's goal be to develop the technologies so that we  can utilize coal and natural gas around the world in the cleanest, most  efficient way possible?   Shouldn't America be that global leader on energy technology?   You can't do that without research.   Mr. Chairman, we can't be cutting research on fossil fuels and  technology. We should actually be increasing it.   Fossil fuels will be around for the foreseeable future. I think we  have a responsibility for our children and our grandchildren to make  sure that it is burned and used in the most efficient, clean manner  that we can, and this requires research.   Mr. Chairman, the House has soundly defeated similar amendments to  this in the past, year after year, and I hope they will defeat this  one, too.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate Ms. Castor's remarks, and I  enjoy working with her in committee. But the realization is fossil  fuels are consumed in all 50 States. It is not West Virginia we are  dealing with.   I think Ms. Castor is concerned about her State, the water quality in  her State, and that is what this research is going to take care of.   We have got to maximize the amount of money that has been put into  it. In  [[Page H6433]]  the past, we had far more amount of money in this.   We need to preserve what we have, and, actually, I am hoping we can  plus it up a little bit.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is simple. We are merely  restoring the Fossil Energy Research & Development program back to the  levels of 2017--merely back to the levels of 2017.   We must put it in perspective. It is still $300 million less than it  was under President Bush.   Let's also put it in perspective. As I showed earlier on the chart,  the consumption of fossil fuels make up 81 percent of all the country's  energy consumption; 81 percent fossil fuels of coal, natural gas, and  oil. But the level of research is only at 18 percent of the money that  we have currently.   Now, I just heard a minute ago someone say this is pretty balanced.  Look, I may be just an engineer, but I don't think 18 percent is the  equivalent of 81 percent. There is something wrong with that.   I am not here to argue that America shouldn't be investing in  renewables and nuclear. That wouldn't be appropriate. But the reality  is that America and the entire world will be relying on fossil energy  for years to come.   The Energy Information Administration estimated that by 2040, fossil  energy is still going to make up 78 percent of the world's consumption.  So shouldn't it be America's goal to lead the world, to have that  mantle of leadership, to develop the technologies that we can export to  other countries around the world that are going to continue to use coal  and gas and oil in the cleanest and most efficient way? Shouldn't we,  again, be that global leader on this?   But we can't do this without leadership.   Mr. Chairman, let's consider the history of this, the fossil research  from the Federal Government. Just remember the threat years ago, back  in the eighties, we had of acid rain. It was the research in our  Federal labs all across America that reduced the emissions of SOx and  NOX gases and addressing cleaned up acid rain and reduced  it.   The reduction in CO2 emissions around the globe and around  America have come as a result of fossil fuel research. On a per capita  basis today, we are now emitting--on a per capita basis, this is the  lowest level of CO2 emissions we have had in over 50 years,  thanks to fossil fuel research.   And the shale gas revolution that made America the biggest producer  of gas in the world, it originated in our Federal laboratories in  research. That is just part of where we have been.   Now go into the future. Someone said this is a fuel of the past. How  can it be when the R&D money--look what they are working on in our labs  all across America, virtually in every one of our districts across this  country. We are doing a carbon capture, utilization, and storage. We  are doing chemical looping. They are studying and understanding methane  hydrates.   You talked earlier about rare earth elements are being detected now  in coal seams all across America.   What about oxy-combustion?   All of that is coming out of current research, fresh research that we  will be able to export around the world so that other countries will be  able to burn their coal more cleanly.   So, look, Congress should not be in the way, picking winners or  losers, and it shouldn't jeopardize the work of our laboratories. If we  are serious about reducing emissions, Congress should be putting more  money into this program, not reducing it.   In an ideal world, the funding level for R&D should be much higher.  As I said, under President Bush it was $300 million more than it is  today. But I understand the fiscal constraints we have.   So let's utilize our domestic energy source, energy supply in the  most efficient and clean way possible. We do that through our research  from our Federal laboratories.   Mr. Chairman, I urge the House to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, let me just close quickly by saying we  are not talking about West Virginia. We are talking about all across  the country. These laboratories are located in colleges and  universities all across America.   Coal is something that is expanding. Our exports are up 58 percent.  People around the world are going to use coal. I think it is the  responsibility for us to show them how to burn it cleanly. China is  going to increase their use by 43 percent. India is going to double its  consumption in that same timeframe.   When you compare the amount of research, only 18 percent currently of  all the Federal dollars for research is in fossil fuel, but 56 percent  is in renewable. That is not balanced.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   