 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  recess from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m. for the weekly conference meetings and the  time in recess count equally against S. Con. Res. 3; further, that  Senator Sanders or his designee control the time from 2 p.m. to 2:30  p.m.; and finally, that there be 2 minutes equally divided in the usual  form prior to the vote on the Flake amendment.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  recess from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m. for the weekly conference meetings and the  time in recess count equally against S. Con. Res. 3; further, that  Senator Sanders or his designee control the time from 2 p.m. to 2:30  p.m.; and finally, that there be 2 minutes equally divided in the usual  form prior to the vote on the Flake amendment.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  recess from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m. for the weekly conference meetings and the  time in recess count equally against S. Con. Res. 3; further, that  Senator Sanders or his designee control the time from 2 p.m. to 2:30  p.m.; and finally, that there be 2 minutes equally divided in the usual  form prior to the vote on the Flake amendment.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, clarifying that recent request, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate recess from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m. for the  weekly conference meetings but that that time not count against S. Con.  Res. 3.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, the modified  request is agreed to.    Mr. President, last week the Senate began consideration of  the ObamaCare repeal resolution, which is the first step in the process  of repealing the law. It is time for repeal.   Seven years ago, ObamaCare was sold to the American people with a lot  of promises. The law was going to reduce premiums for families. It was  going to fix problems with our health care system without hurting  anyone who was happy with their health coverage. If you like your  health plan, you will be able to keep it, people all across this  country were told over and over again. If you like your doctor, you  will be able to keep your doctor--also a promise and claim that was  made over and over again. As everyone knows, every one of these  promises was broken. Premiums for families have continued to rise.  Millions of Americans lost health care plans that they liked. Americans  regularly discovered that they couldn't keep their doctors and that  choice of replacement was often limited.   These broken promises were just the tip of the iceberg. The law  hasn't just failed to live up to its promises, it is actively  collapsing, and the status quo is unsustainable. Premiums on the  exchanges are soaring. Deductibles regularly run into the thousands of  dollars. For 2017, the average deductible for a bronze-level ObamaCare  plan is rising from $5,731 to $6,092. With deductibles like that, it is  no wonder that some Americans can't afford to actually use their  ObamaCare insurance.    I receive a lot of mail from constituents in my State struggling to  pay for their health care. One constituent contacted me to say: ``My  ObamaCare premium went up from $1,080 per month to $1,775 per month,''  a 64-percent increase, $21,300 a year for health insurance. Let me just  repeat that, a 64-percent increase in premiums, $21,300 a year for  health insurance. That is like paying another mortgage. That is a lot  more than many people pay for their mortgage, and of course that is  before any deductibles or other out-of-pocket costs are considered.   Another constituent wrote to tell me, ``Today I received a new  premium notice from my ObamaCare insurance. My policy rate for myself,  my wife and my teenage son has increased by 357 percent.''   The problems on the exchanges aren't limited to soaring costs,  unfortunately. Insurers are pulling out of the exchanges right and  left. Health care choices are rapidly dwindling. Narrow provider  networks are the order of the day. One-third of American counties have  just one choice of health insurer on their exchange.   This is not the health care reform the American people were looking  for.  [[Page S185]]  So it is no surprise that a recent Gallup poll found that 80 percent of  Americans want major changes to ObamaCare or want the law entirely  repealed and replaced or that 74 percent of American voters ranked  health care as a very important voting issue for them in the 2016  elections. ObamaCare has not fixed our Nation's health care problems.  It has made them worse. The American people deserve better.   Last week, the Senate started considering the ObamaCare repeal  resolution, and we are continuing that process this week. This  resolution will provide us with the tools we need to repeal the law,  and then committees will get to work on the actual repeal bills. Then  we will work step-by-step to replace ObamaCare with real health care  reform that focuses on personalized, patient-centered care.   One massive problem with ObamaCare is the fact that it puts  Washington in charge of health care decisions that should be made at a  much lower level. The ObamaCare reform the Republicans pass will focus  on fixing this. We are going to move control from Washington and give  it back to States and the individuals. Health care issues don't have  one size-fits-all solutions. It is time to stop acting like they do.   States should have the power to innovate and embrace health care  solutions that work for the individuals and the employers of their  States. Individuals should be able to make health care decisions in  consultation with their doctors, not with Washington, DC. Another thing  we are going to focus on is breaking down the ObamaCare barriers that  have artificially restricted choice.   As I said earlier, ObamaCare has defaulted to a one-size-fits-all  solution when it comes to health care, and that means that many  Americans have found themselves paying for health care they don't need  or want. We need much more flexibility in insurance plans. A thriving  health care system would offer a wide variety of choices that would  allow Americans to pick a plan tailored to their needs, that would be a  competitive system that gives people in this country more choices, and  inevitably what happens in those circumstances, that pushes the cost  down.   We also need to give Americans the tools to better manage their  health care and control costs. Of course, any reform plan has to make  sure small businesses have the tools they need to provide the employees  with affordable health coverage. ObamaCare has placed huge burdens on  small businesses that have made it difficult for them to thrive and  even to survive. It is time to lift these burdens and free up these  businesses to grow and create jobs.   Our health care system wasn't perfect before ObamaCare. We all  acknowledge that, but ObamaCare was not the answer. Instead of fixing  the problems in our health care system, it just made things worse.  Republicans are ready to implement the kind of health care reform the  American people are looking for: more affordable, more personal, more  flexible health care coverage that meets their needs and is less  bureaucratic.   The American people are ready for health care reform that actually  works, and that is exactly what Republicans are going to give them  starting right now.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I also ask unanimous consent that Matthew  Taylor, a congressional fellow in Senator Cochran's office, be granted  floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I also ask unanimous consent that Matthew  Taylor, a congressional fellow in Senator Cochran's office, be granted  floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.   