 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to express my opposition to the  nomination of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State. The position of  Secretary of State was one of the original four Cabinet positions  created by President George Washington.   Even after we declared, fought for, and won our independence as a new  country, our Founders knew that this world is interconnected. They  understood that what we needed was to engage with other countries and  to manage our affairs all across the world.   Our first Secretary of State, Thomas Jefferson, had previously been  our Minister to France, our closest ally at the time of our Nation's  founding.   Today, the role of Secretary of State is as important as ever. We  need a Secretary who will reassure our allies, project strength and  competence around the world, and push back against the President's  worst impulses.   Having reviewed his qualifications and testimony before the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee, I am unfortunately convinced that Mr.  Tillerson is not the right person to lead the State Department and to  represent the United States abroad.   Mr. Tillerson has spent decades at ExxonMobil, where he rose through  the ranks from an engineer to chairman and CEO. We should value hard  work and success in the private sector, but we should also ask what the  President's nominees were working toward. Mr. Tillerson's success at  Exxon in large part can be attributed to deals he struck and  connections he made with Russian plutocrats and government officials,  including Vladimir Putin.   Over the years, Mr. Tillerson's views toward Vladimir Putin have  been, in a word, flexible. Mr. Tillerson has always put Exxon first,  cozying up to Putin's authoritarian regime when it suited his own  business interests.   In 2008, he spoke out against the Russian Government's disrespect for  the rule of law and its judicial system, but in 2011, after reaching a  $500 billion deal with the Russian state-owned oil company, he changed  his views.   Under Vladimir Putin, the Russian Government silences dissent. They  murder political rivals and journalists. Many of Putin's political  opponents have been poisoned or shot. Since 2000, at least 34  journalists have been murdered in Russia, many by government or  military officials.   Mr. Tillerson was awarded Russia's Order of Friendship by Putin in  2012--one of the highest honors Russia conveys to foreigners.   When Congress was working in a bipartisan manner to enact sanctions  on Russia for its illegal annexation of Crimea in 2014, ExxonMobil was  lobbying against the bill under the leadership of Mr. Tillerson.   During his confirmation hearing, his answers demonstrated either a  lack of understanding or a willful ignorance of the destabilizing role  Russia plays around the world.  [[Page S533]]    Last year I traveled to Ukraine and Estonia, countries that are on  the frontline of Russian aggression. They are genuinely concerned about  President Trump's desire to embrace Russia. I heard firsthand how  important the support and presence of the United States is to our  allies in the Baltics.   In recent years, Russia's belligerence has only grown. Russia has  conducted a cyber attack against Estonia, seized territory in Georgia,  kidnapped an Estonian border guard, and illegally annexed Crimea.  Russian military patrols have approached NATO member territory and have  come recklessly close to U.S. military vessels. These irresponsible  actions can have severe, dangerous consequences.   What should be most disturbing to any American is that last year  Russia interfered with our election to undermine public faith in our  democratic process. The intelligence community reported that Vladimir  Putin himself ordered the interference--a significant escalation of  Russian attempts to sow chaos in the West.   I recognize the President's right to choose his appointments to the  Cabinet, but, as the Senate provides its advice and consent, there are  still too many unanswered questions for me to support this nomination.  We still have not seen President Trump's tax returns, breaking a 40- year tradition adhered to by nominees of both parties. This lack of  transparency means that we don't know about the Trump family's possible  past and current business ties to Russia. What message do we send to  our allies if the Secretary of State and potentially even the President  have a history of significant business dealings with a corrupt regime?  How will this impact our moral authority as a country to take action  against corruption worldwide?   The Secretary of State is the U.S. Ambassador to the world. It is  essential that the Secretary is someone who can provide unquestioned  leadership and represent American values. There must be no question  that the Secretary of State is acting in the best interest of the  United States and is willing to take strong action to advance our  interests. He must put the American people first and not his former  shareholders and friends in the Exxon boardroom.   I am concerned that Mr. Tillerson will prematurely lift the sanctions  that have been put in place against Russia. Sanctions are not meant to  be permanent, but they should never be removed until they have achieved  their purpose.   When our Secretary of State looks at a map of the Baltic region, we  need a statesman who sees allies that contribute to NATO, not a new  opportunity for offshore drilling.   The Senate must ensure that we are a moderating voice and are  approving moderating voices in the Trump administration.   I supported the nominations of Secretary Mattis to lead the  Department of Defense, Secretary Kelly to lead the Department of  Homeland Security, and Ambassador Haley to serve as U.S. Ambassador to  the United Nations, and I supported these individuals because I believe  they will serve as a positive influence against the worst instincts and  erratic tendencies of President Trump and his political advisers.   America must stand by its allies and serve as a shining example of  democracy. I cannot support a Secretary of State nominee if there is  any doubt as to whether they will be a strong, independent voice within  the Trump administration. The events of the past week have made the  need for such leadership abundantly clear. That is why I will vote  against the nomination of Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State, and I  urge my colleagues to do the same.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   