 Mr. President, there are few things we do here in the  Senate that matter more or have longer lasting impacts on our Nation  than confirming individuals to lifetime appointments in district  courts, circuit courts, and the Supreme Court.   It is the Senate's duty, as Alexander Hamilton laid out in the  Federalist Papers, to ``prevent the appointment of unfit characters.''  Hamilton thought that this power would be used rarely because a  President would seek to make sure that he or she sent qualified  individuals to the Senate for confirmation, but we are seeing something  quite different today. We are seeing the President engaged in a zeal to  pack the court with extreme rightwing ideologues and to ram them  through this confirmation process without due review.   Just yesterday, the American Bar Association sent a letter to the  Judiciary Committee saying that Leonard Grasz, President Trump's  nominee to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals, is not qualified to  serve as a Federal judge. Yet his confirmation hearing is scheduled for  this week.   Putting extreme and unqualified people on the court is a disservice  to America's judiciary. It will impact the protection of fundamental  American rights for generations to come. It is critical for us,  therefore, to have a conversation about what is going on at this  moment.   Just this week, we have four nominees for the court of appeals coming  to the floor. Amy Barrett was confirmed just hours ago. There is  another vote scheduled for tomorrow. These individuals, as I will go  through in a moment, don't come here with the types of qualifications  that really should allow them to be considered for lifetime  appointments.   Time and time again, we have heard from our Republican leadership  that Democrats are engaged in a massive, ``often-mindless partisan  obstruction,'' in the words of the majority leader. From where comes  this evaluation? Well, he wants to move judiciary nominees faster,  without due consideration. And certainly he does know something about  obstructing judicial nominations since he spent the entire 8 years of  the Obama administration leading the effort to obstruct consideration  of nominees here in this Chamber.   Eighty percent of President Obama's nominees waited 181 days or  longer. That is certainly far more than under President George Bush,  President Clinton, the first President Bush, or President Reagan-- obstruction taken to the maximum, 6 months or longer to work their way  through the confirmation process.   Throughout President Obama's entire 8 years in office, just 55  circuit court judges were confirmed. That is the lowest number for any  President. And by this point in the previous administration--in the  Obama administration--just one nominee had been confirmed for a spot on  the circuit court. But here we are taking a look at how in this time  period just one had been confirmed for Obama, but we will have, at the  end of this week--assuming each individual gets the full majority-- eight circuit court nominees confirmed. That is one for Obama and eight  for President Trump. That number wasn't reached substantially into  President Obama's second year in office.   We can look at the average number of days that it has taken from  committee report to confirmation for the first seven nominees.  President Trump's first seven circuit and district court nominees  waited 37 days for confirmation once they were reported out of the  Judiciary Committee. Let's compare that to President Obama, where the  Judiciary Committee held them up for 75 days. So once again Democrats  in the minority are moving far, far faster to date than did our  colleagues when President Obama was in office. Certainly by comparison,  President Trump's nominees are sailing through at a rapid pace.   So let's not hear any more about the preposterous false news coming  from the majority side about things being slowed down when the facts  are quite the opposite. But why this emphasis on  [[Page S6915]]  creating this false narrative? Perhaps it is because right now there is  a lot of pressure on the majority to show that they are getting  something done, and not much is happening that will help anyone in this  country. They tried to get something done by trying to strip healthcare  from 20 to 30 million Americans in 5 different versions of the  TrumpCare monster. They didn't quite get it done, thankfully. And I  doubt that the American people--in fact, I know that they certainly  would not have been appreciative of the bill in which my Republican  colleagues said: Let's strip all this healthcare away from 20 to 30  million people so we can give massive, multitrillion-dollar tax  benefits, tax giveaways to the very richest Americans.   Wow. That is certainly not a way to win the hearts and minds of  Americans--attack working Americans time after time in order to deliver  the National Treasury to the very richest Americans. Perhaps my  colleagues will be glad they didn't succeed in that effort.   Now there is a tax plan on the floor--a tax plan being considered  that will once again take $1.5 trillion out of healthcare to deliver  several trillion dollars to the richest 1 percent of Americans. We see  it time and time again--attack working Americans to deliver incredible  gifts from the National Treasury--really a raid on Fort Knox. Has ever  such an audacious theft been considered previously in U.S. history than  the theft that my colleagues are trying to perpetuate both through the  healthcare strategy and now through this tax strategy?   But there is a bigger purpose at work here, and that is a goal to  rewrite the vision of our Constitution. Our Constitution has this  incredibly powerful, meaningful vision of government of, by, and for  the people, but my colleagues don't like that vision, and they decided  that the best way to change it is to put people onto the court who like  a different vision--government of, by, and for the privileged and the  powerful. We saw it in their healthcare bill, we see it in their tax  bill, and now we are seeing it in their nomination strategy to the  court--a GOP agenda that will tip the scales of justice to favor the  powerful and privileged over working Americans; judges who want to  legislate from the bench on behalf of the powerful; judges who want to  legislate from the bench on behalf of the privileged, who want to  support predatory consumer practices, who want to strip away individual  rights of women to determine their own healthcare, who want to deny a  fair day in court by allowing binding arbitration where the seller of  the services gets to pick and pay for the judge. Judges, rather than  pursuing neutrality, are pursuing government for the powerful--that is  the radical rightwing agenda attack on working America.   We should do all that we can to stop it, including having opposition  in this Chamber.   