 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor today to express  my support for S.J. Res. 42 and my opposition to the transfer of  specific defense articles to the Government of Saudi Arabia. I have  arrived at this decision after extensive research and careful  deliberation. I would like to state very clearly for the record why I  have come to this decision. I have decided to support S.J. Res. 42 and  oppose the transfer of specific defense articles to Saudi Arabia  primarily because of the Saudi Government's refusal to take specific  steps that I repeatedly requested to alleviate the horrible  humanitarian suffering in Yemen.   Before I further explain that decision, I would like to explain what  is not informing my decision. I am not reflexively opposed to arms  sales in general or to Saudi Arabia specifically. On the contrary,  after a series of questions are satisfactorily addressed, I believe arm  sales to key partners and allies can enable them to more effectively  defend our common interests and oppose common threats. After all, the  United States cannot and should not employ U.S. military forces in  every instance. When the United States and our partners confront common  threats, we should encourage and empower regional allies and regional  partners to play prominent roles wherever possible. When our partners  are defending our common interests, we want them to be as well-equipped  and well-trained and effective as possible.  [[Page S3423]]    I recognize that despite our differences, the Saudi Government is an  important regional security partner for the United States of America.  However, when we work through our allies and partners, we shouldn't set  aside our national security interests, and we certainly shouldn't set  aside our support for universal humanitarian principles. That principle  certainly applies to the Saudis and to the situation in Yemen.   My decision today is based neither on an opposition to arms sales in  general nor an opposition to arms sales to the Saudis in particular.  Instead, my decision today is based primarily on the persistent and  misguided refusal of the Saudi Government to take specific steps that I  have requested to alleviate some of the humanitarian suffering in  Yemen.   My decision should come as a surprise to no one. As I have said on  the Senate floor before, the United Nations calls the situation in  Yemen the largest humanitarian crisis in the world. According to the  U.N.--which, incidentally, our intelligence resources rely on for much  of their information--Yemen has almost 19 million people. Two-thirds of  the population is in need of humanitarian or protection assistance,  including approximately 10 million who require immediate assistance to  save or sustain their lives--two-thirds of their population. If that is  not a recipe for instability in a dangerous region of the world, I  don't know what is. So 17 million people are food-insecure, while 7  million people don't know where their next meal is coming from, and  they are at risk of famine.   In addition, according to the U.N. as of yesterday, the World Health  Organization reports a cumulative total of over 124,000 suspected cases  of cholera and over 900 associated deaths. Cholera is impacting the  most vulnerable. In fact, children under the age of 15 account for 28  percent of all deaths.   The situation is growing far worse. An NGO with personnel on the  ground in Yemen tells my office that the large majority of these  cholera cases have taken place since late April. Perhaps the most  heartbreaking statistic is that a child under the age of 5 dies of  preventable causes every 10 minutes in Yemen.   Throughout this process, rather than just mourning this terrible  situation, I have tried to identify tangible steps that can save lives,  that can lead to a political settlement in Yemen, and that can enhance  both regional and national security interests of the United States. In  the case of Yemen, it became clear quickly that there were specific  steps the Saudis could take to help alleviate the horrible humanitarian  situation in Yemen.   Based on that realization back in April--April 27, I led a nine- member, bipartisan letter to the incoming Saudi Ambassador, noting the  important security partnership between the United States and the  Government of Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia's role as a regional  leader. I asked Riyadh to take some specific steps related to Yemen  that would prevent thousands or even millions of additional people from  dying there. Among several requests, I asked the Saudis to permit the  delivery of U.S.-funded cranes to the Port of Hodeidah that would  dramatically improve the ability to offload humanitarian supplies  there. That is important because the Port of Hodeidah processes roughly  70 to 80 percent of all of the food and other critical imports that  come into the country of Yemen. This is the port that supplies people  who are in the most desperate need of food and medical attention.   I also asked Riyadh to address unnecessary additional delays that the  Saudi-led coalition was causing for humanitarian and commercial  supplies going into that port. Not receiving a satisfactory response, I  subsequently raised these issues directly with the Saudi Foreign  Minister when he met with me and other Senators here on Capitol Hill.  Still not receiving a satisfactory answer, we have continued to raise  these requests repeatedly with the Saudi Embassy. As recently as  yesterday, the Saudis have refused to be responsive on the cranes.  Further, in the face of clear evidence from the United Nations to the  contrary, the Saudis have even denied a role in causing delays of  humanitarian and commercial shipments into Yemen. So for almost 2  months, the Saudis have failed to take my requests seriously.   For those who are new to this issue, perhaps this discussion of  cranes and delays at ports seems a bit wonkish--maybe in the weeds. Yet  in a humanitarian situation as dire as Yemen--with a child under 5  dying of preventable diseases every 10 minutes--every shipment of food  or fuel, every day of delay can have life-and-death implications. The  Saudis know this, yet they have been unresponsive to my requests.   There is no doubt that the Iranians and the Houthis are up to no good  in Yemen. There is no doubt that Saudi Arabia has the right to defend  its borders, and there is also no doubt that this situation in Yemen is  complex. But it is a false choice to suggest that we have to choose  between opposing Iran and helping the millions of suffering people in  Yemen. I believe we have a moral responsibility and a national security  imperative to do all we can to help the people in Yemen who are  starving, who need medicine, who are dying.   The longer this war in Yemen continues, the more we will drive the  Houthis into the arms of the Iranians. The more leverage the Iranians  and the Russians will gain in Yemen, the more terrorist groups like al- Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula will thrive.   Perhaps the Saudi Government isn't concerned about my vote. Perhaps  they think this issue will just blow over, that attention will wane,  that Senators will lose interest. I recognize I am just one Senator  with just one vote, but I would caution the Saudi Government against  such a view. I am not going to be losing interest in this issue anytime  soon.   To the Saudis I say this: When I make a request and your government  is unresponsive--at least as far as I am concerned--there will be  consequences for that decision. My vote demonstrates that fact.   To my colleagues, I respectfully say that America's support should  never be unconditional. It is in our interests and it is consistent  with the humanitarian values that we profess to demand that the Saudis  take some of these steps to alleviate humanitarian suffering in  Yemen. For this reason, I am going to vote in support of S.J. Res. 42  today, and I urge my colleagues, Republican and Democrat, to do the  same.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.   