 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Washington for  her leadership on tech and technology issues and, in particular, on net  neutrality.   I would like to amend one thing she said. She said that we got about  5 million comments in favor of net neutrality on this question. It is  true. Yesterday we had 5 million and change, but I just checked, and we  are at 6.728 million, and more and more people are weighing in on this  important issue.   As of today, it is important to point out that net neutrality is the  law of the land. We are not asking for a change in the way that the  internet operates. We are asking for the internet, as we know it, to be  preserved.   What does that really mean? It means you have an arrangement with  your ISP. You pay your internet service provider for access to the  internet, and you get the whole internet. Your provider does not get to  decide what you access. You do. Whether it is NBC or ABC, Hulu or  Netflix or Breitbart or Google or Yahoo or Facebook or the New York  Times or RedState or HotAir or whatever you want, you get to go there,  and everything comes down from the internet at whatever speed it comes  down. But without net neutrality, that arrangement could change.   The free and open internet, as we understand it, is a premise of the  way we use the internet. It is a premise of the internet economy. It is  a premise of Silicon Valley. It has now become a premise of car  companies and real estate companies and anybody who does business  online that, of course, you wouldn't have to pay money to an ISP to  make sure your website loads fast enough so that consumers can see it.  But that freedom, that free and open internet, really is in danger.   Here is what is happening: The FCC, the Federal Communications  Commission, is trying to change the internet by ending the net  neutrality rules that were put in place. If they succeed, your ISP will  have the power to stop you from seeing certain kinds of content. They  will be the ones that get to make decisions about what you can access  and how fast--not you. It is a foundational change in the way the  internet operates.   Now, some people--including the internet company lobbyists and their  CEOs--will say: Look, the companies aren't going to change the internet  even if the law goes away. In fact, we are committing to voluntary net  neutrality. That is what they say.   But I want you to think about how likely it is that a publicly traded  company will not at least explore the possibility of different business  models, and here is the problem: There may be opportunities without net  neutrality for them to make more money.   Right now I have basic cable in my apartment. I don't have HBO. Back  in Hawaii I have HBO and the whole deal, but in my apartment here I  have more basic cable. I pay for a certain number of channels. I don't  get access to the entire TV universe. I pay for packages. There is no  reason under the law, should they repeal net neutrality, that  [[Page S3945]]  an ISP couldn't give the liberal package, which you could pay $75 for,  or the conservative package, which you could pay $75 for, or the NBC- related families package, which you could pay $120 for--or maybe it is  free because it is part of a vertical, which is included in your ISP.   The whole idea is that there is nothing preventing them--except these  net neutrality laws--from deciding whom you get, where you get to  visit, and how fast the downloads come. This is especially important,  of course, in the entertainment space, when we are all streaming TV,  news, movies, and even gaming online so the relationship between the  person who creates the content and you is going to be intermediated by  an ISP.   If you have a great app idea, right now you just have to have a great  app idea. If you have a great website, people can log on to your  website and you are in business. If you have the next great website, if  you have eBay or Craigslist or Amazon, but it is post-net neutrality  and the FCC goes through with this, you will not need a bunch of  engineers but a bunch of lawyers and business sharks to try to  negotiate with the ISP to even get in the door.   Students could have less access to online resources, including online  classes. Realtors would be stopped from using online tools to sell  their homes. Patients might not able to use the internet to communicate  with their doctors or monitor their health. Musicians, photographers,  entrepreneurs will use the tools everybody depends on to make a living  or share their art online.   I was talking to somebody I know in the tech community, and they were  saying that this is a parade of horribles. None of this is going to  come true.   I asked: Why do you think that is true? Why do you think this is just  some apocryphal scenario I am describing? If you were an ISP, why  wouldn't you slice up the internet and sell it for more? If you are the  one controlling the access to it and you are a publicly traded company,  you have no duty to a free and open internet. You have a duty to  maximize shareholder profits.   If your board of directors comes to you and says: You know what, this  whole ``you pay a flat fee and you get the whole internet,'' that is  not the right business model. Look at these areas where ISPs are the  only provider in many communities. The idea that the consumer has a  choice in lots of rural communities, you have only one broadband  provider in the first place.   Why wouldn't a broadband provider slice and dice up the internet and  charge you a la carte? They can get more money for this. It is not that  they are bad people. It is that they are duty bound to maximize  profits.   Today, July 12, is the day of action. The internet is pushing back.  Today we stand up to the FCC so the internet remains free and open. As  we speak--I mean literally as we speak--thousands and thousands of  people across the country by the minute are logging on to the FCC  website to express themselves.   I have to say, this has become a Democratic issue. This has become a  progressive issue, but it wasn't so long ago that people in the  conservative movement were worried about media consolidation and the  conservative movement was saying: Hey, listen, I don't know who is  going to own my media company, but I want to get to my websites to get  my content at whatever rate it comes down. Don't tell me what  information I get to have access to.   Everybody uses the internet. Many people are spending dozens of hours  a week on the internet via their phones, via their television, via  their broadband connection at home, and the innovation economy that  underlies our economic growth is really in jeopardy.   I know it is an arcane process. I know most people probably haven't  even heard of the FCC. To talk about net neutrality and lay all this  jargon on you, it is concerning that the free and open internet is  really in danger. We have this unique opportunity because unlike what  happened a few months ago with consumer privacy, where very quickly  this body reversed a rule that provides for privacy so your broadband  providers can't resell your personal browsing data to a third-party  advertiser or any other company--that happened very quickly and without  any public input.   Here is the really good thing about the FCC process. The statute  provides for public input. We are in a public comment period, and July  17 is the deadline. There is an opportunity for people to let their  voices be heard. The internet should be in the hands of people, not in  the hands of companies.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that two fellows  from my office, Micaela Klein and Sunmin Kim, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the calendar year.   