 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Sam Johnson and  [[Page H836]]  Ralph Abraham, for sponsoring this joint resolution. I would also like  to point out that my colleague from Colorado is a member of the Second  Amendment Caucus, and he has been working hard on this issue.    H.J. Res. 40 would strike down a rule that was finalized by the  Social Security Administration just days before the close of the 114th  Congress. This rule is yet another example of the previous  administration's last-ditch efforts to attack our Second Amendment  rights.   Any attempt to curtail the right of Americans to defend themselves  and their liberty is untenable. This scheme is particularly appalling  because of whom it targets and how the administration sought to  implement the rule.   The rule targets our grandparents, our elderly mothers and fathers  who have been awarded disability benefits and have had a family member  or guardian appointed to handle their finances. They haven't committed  a crime or demonstrated that they were a danger to society. There is no  trial, no presumption of innocence. Their names are sent to the NICS  database and their firearms are taken away, their right to own a  firearm.   Hardened criminals don't have their rights violated to that extent  without due process, so why would it be acceptable for our seniors?   These men and women have worked hard to raise families, worked a job,  and paid their fair share of taxes. Now they are being told that, in  order to receive their Social Security benefits, they must first  surrender the fundamental right to defend themselves. Is this the level  of pettiness to which we have sunk?   The House and the American people have soundly rejected gun control  in all of its forms year after year; yet this last administration  bypassed the legislative process, imposed a rule, and completely  disregarded due process in order to strip seniors of their  constitutional rights. Our seniors deserve better than that.   This rule is not about protecting anyone. This rule should be seen  for what it truly is: awful, politically motivated, and a dangerous  infringement on our Second Amendment rights.   