 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is Valentine's Day, and Senate  Republicans and President Trump want to deliver a love letter to their  sweetheart, the National Rifle Association. To the Republicans and  President Trump, nothing says ``I love you'' like ``let's weaken  background checks on gun sales'' because that is exactly the issue  before us today.   Today, Republicans in Congress and President Trump want to gut a  commonsense safety measure that would help keep guns out of the hands  of people who should not have them. After the tragedy in Newtown, CT,  the Obama administration undertook a comprehensive review of Federal  law to identify ``potentially dangerous individuals'' who should not be  trusted with firearms.   The Social Security Administration was required to identify and  report to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System those  people who received Social Security benefits due to severe mental  impairment and who require a fiduciary representative to manage those  benefits.   That is a sensible policy. If you can't manage your disability  benefits because of a mental impairment, you probably shouldn't be  trying to manage a gun. Indeed, current law prohibits individuals from  purchasing a firearm if a court, a board, a commission, or other lawful  authority has determined that a mental health issue makes them a danger  to themselves or to others or that they lack the mental capacity to  contract or manage their own affairs.   The purpose of the rule is, simply, to include in the Federal  background check system information from the Social Security  Administration that it already has about beneficiaries whom current law  already prohibits from possessing a firearm. Even this fair,  reasonable, and commonsense limitation on gun purchasing is too much  for the NRA and its Republican congressional allies. So they have  turned, this afternoon, to the Congressional Review Act to roll back  this rule. By doing so, they would block the Social Security  Administration from issuing a similar rule on this subject in the  future. This is shortsighted on the one hand and very dangerous on the  other for a long, long time in our country because it is these  loopholes in the background check system that have already allowed  people to obtain guns, despite being judged a danger to themselves or  to others, especially family members.    Loopholes in the system allowed the Virginia Tech, Tucson, Aurora,  and Newtown shooters to obtain guns. We need to close loopholes like  the ones that allow people who are mentally impaired from buying guns.  Repealing this rule only keeps the loophole open.   Recent polls show that 92 percent of Americans support background  checks for all gun buyers--including 87 percent of Republicans in our  country support background checks on who is, in fact, purchasing a gun  in our country--but not the National Rifle Association. The National  Rifle Association sent an action alert to its membership on this  current attempt to repeal the background check rule stating: ``The  first pro-gun legislative act of the Trump era and Congress is on the  verge of success, but it needs your help to get it over the line.''  That is all you need to know.   So on this Valentine's Day, the U.S. Senate should show some real  love and compassion. Let us open our hearts to the American people who  overwhelmingly are demanding commonsense gun control efforts like the  one this rule puts in place. Let us defeat this ill-advised effort to  roll back this rule which keeps guns out of the hands of people who  should not have them.   This is the job of the Congress. This is the carnage we see in  America. It is the indiscriminate issuing of licenses for guns to  people who have not gone through the background checks that ensure they  are qualified for the handling of a weapon within our society. Everyone  else can get the weapon. Everyone else who goes through the check gets  the weapon but not people who should not have them.   So this is a big moment here. It, unfortunately, gives an insight  into what the Republican agenda is going to be this year. It is a  radical agenda. It is an agenda which says to the National Rifle  Association: We are going to pass your agenda, no matter how radical,  out here on the floor of the Senate. What the American people are  saying is they want the NRA to stand for ``not relevant anymore'' in  American politics. That is what they want it to say, especially with  the polling so overwhelmingly bipartisan, Democrats and Republicans, in  terms of commonsense  [[Page S1153]]  background checks that are in the law to protect innocent families in  our country.   All I can say is this isn't anything that is radical, this  regulation. It is something that is common sense. It is something that  protects American families, and I urge strongly that the U.S. Senate  reject the removal of this regulation from the statutes of our country.   Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.   