 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to join other  colleagues from both sides of the aisle to talk about this tax debate.  We don't do tax reform nearly enough here in the United States. It  seems we have taken it on about every 35 years whether we need to or  not. But if there is one lesson we have learned from previous tax  reform efforts, it is that while they can do a lot of good, they can  also do a lot of harm.   I have to start by expressing my extraordinarily deep frustration  with the process we have gone through. Today we are considering a bill  that was drafted in secret, designed with more gimmicks and loopholes  than I have ever seen, and is being rushed through the process without  input from all of us on this side of the aisle and without even  appropriate analysis of its true financial impact.   In many ways, to quote the President, what got us here is the worst  of Washington. If you want to see swamp 101, look at the process of  this tax bill. It is a 300-page tax bill that was released on the eve  of a holiday weekend, only days before it was marked up in committee.  Over a 4-day markup, two significant rewrites of this bill were  presented. One consisted of over 100 pages of changes, and a second was  released a mere 30 minutes before Members were asked to vote on its  myriad of provisions. Now, less than 2 weeks later, we are considering  that bill or a variation of it on the Senate floor. We are voting to  proceed to the bill later today and then maybe on amendments tomorrow,  before we even have any analysis from JCT.   We know that near the end of the debate on the floor, another bill  will  [[Page S7389]]  magically appear from the majority leader's office without any time for  those of us who want to do tax reform to have a chance to genuinely  review or analyze its provisions. I believe it makes this process  enormously dishonest.   I know my friend from Delaware has just come on. I will speak quickly  because I know he will raise some of these same concerns.   One of the things I have been most involved with since I have been  here in the Senate is trying to grapple with our Nation's overwhelming  debt. We are a country that has run up close to $20 trillion in debt,  and both sides--both sides--have been a party to that over the last 70  years.   But what I have heard from colleagues on both sides of the aisle is  that when you are in that deep of a hole, you ought to stop digging,  and that we need to make sure that if we are going to do tax reform, we  do it in a fiscally responsible way.   This legislation is the absolute opposite of any kind of fiscal  responsibility under anybody's guideline. It starts with a $1.5  trillion acknowledgement that that money will somehow magically appear  through magical growth. But when you peel that away a little bit, it is  bad enough that it is not really $1.5 trillion in additional debt that  we are adding, the real number is $2.2 trillion. Let me tell you why.  Off of the over $1.4 trillion of additional debt that is added, that  alone will generate more than $230 billion of additional interest  payments over the next decade, raising the cost of the bill from over  $1.4 trillion to roughly $1.7 trillion. And then, in an effort that  really takes the cake in a place where both sides have been known to  use gimmicks, this legislation includes 37 different expiring  provisions--provisions that are popular, provisions that a number of my  colleagues have said give middle-class tax relief. The interesting  thing is, all of these provisions are due to expire in 5 to 6 years,  within the 10-year window.   Rather than acknowledging the true costs of the bill, what people  have said is, we know what we are going to create. We are going to  create a whole new series of fiscal cliffs, in the neighborhood of $500  billion, that the expectation will be that it will become so popular  that Congress will go ahead and have to extend these provisions, again,  without paying for them.   In terms of gimmicks, don't take my word for it; you only need to  listen to the words of the President's own OMB Director, Mick Mulvaney,  who recently acknowledged that the tax bill had a lot of gimmicks to  it. Well, if we add that over $500 billion and the $230 billion of  additional interest and the $1.4 trillion that we start with, what we  are talking about today is a $2.2 trillion addition to our debt.   All my friends who for years have stood with me on the floor of this  Senate and spoken out against adding this additional burden to our kids  and grandkids, I hope they will take a moment and rethink their support  for this legislation.   Some have asked: Well, how will this get paid for? I believe there  might be some dynamic growth. I believe there might be some addition  from some smart tax reform that would add to the growth of our economy  but nothing near what this bill assumes. In fact, it is even worse than  that in certain ways. Not only will this add over $2 trillion to our  debt and deficit, but we have even had the audacity of the Secretary of  the Treasury, Mr. Mnuchin, who said that this bill is going to be so  good for our economy, it is going to decrease our debt by $1 trillion.  Yet there is no responsible budget projection of any economist from  left to right that makes any kind of assumption that would make that  kind of prediction true at all. And, if we go back and look in recent  American history, when you pay for tax cuts with borrowed money, you  end up with a pretty bad situation.    Many of my friends on the other side of the aisle like to cite Ronald  Reagan. I think President Reagan was a great President, in many ways.  President Reagan's 1981 tax cut did provide a short-term stimulus, but  then that stimulus ran out and our debt and deficits grew dramatically,  and President Reagan himself had to raise taxes in 1982 and 1984.   Likewise, again, President Bush, in 2001, inherited a surplus. He  promised to give the magic of tax cuts that would grow our economy.  Instead, we ended up with very little job growth and a debt and deficit  now that is rapidly approaching the full size of our economy.   When we look at the scoring of the effects of this kind of tax cut,  we see that the Tax Policy Center did a dynamic score, saying: How can  we build in growth that would come from a tax cut? They said again that  this bill would cost $1.5 trillion.   The Penn-Wharton Budget Model--again, an organization that is well  respected by both sides of the aisle--did a dynamic score on this  legislation as well. Again, they are saying the bill would still cost  $1.5 trillion.   Congress's official scorekeeper, the group that we look to for  outside advice, the Joint Committee on Taxation--we are rushing this  bill through so quickly that we have not even allowed our official  scorekeeper to come up with a score.   This is not the way to do a once-in-a-generation tax reform process.   The truth is, when you do a tax cut with borrowed money, in periods  similar to where we are right now--relatively full employment--there is  no historical precedent at all in which you will see any kind of  economic growth.   Again, don't take my word for it. Alan Greenspan, the respected Fed  Chair, pointed this out just within the last 2 weeks: Tax cuts paid for  with borrowed money do not provide the kind of growth that this budget  projects and that this tax reform bill projects.   I could go through a whole litany of other concerns with this  legislation. I, for one, believe we do need to do international tax  reform. I, for one, believe we need a corporate tax rate that is more  competitive. I, for one, believe we need repatriation and we need to  bring back tax profits that have gone abroad. But we have seen analyses  recently that show that this legislation may actually increase the  amount of American jobs that are pushed overseas, for example, because  of the average of tax rates in their so-called territorial system,  where a company can go ahead and build that factory in a relatively  high tax State, move their intellectual property to a tax haven like  the Cayman Islands, average out the tax bill combined, and end up  paying our country nothing and, at the same time, continue to see job  loss around our country.   There are a group of us--close to 17 of us, and many of them are my  colleagues who are on the floor today--who came together yesterday and  said to our Republican colleagues: Time out for a few minutes. We will  work with you to do a responsible tax reform effort. We share many of  the same goals. But, unfortunately, the process we are going through  here today--to reach some kind of arbitrary Christmas present for the  President--is not the way we ought to be doing responsible tax reform.   I hope my colleagues will reconsider. I hope they will take the offer  of the 17 of us who said that we will look at corporate tax reform, we  will look at lower rates, we will look at repatriation, we will look at  ways to make businesses more competitive, and join with us to do this  in a way in which we can all be proud. If we are going to do tax reform  only once every 30 or 35 years, we sure as heck owe the American people  a product that we can all be proud of, not a product that is rushed  through with one party only and that, at the end of the day, will leave  our kids and grandkids paying the bill for decades to come.   With that, I yield the floor.   