 Thank you, Mr. President.   I appreciate the opportunity to speak today. Like last week, I didn't  plan on speaking on this subject, so my staff is probably wondering  once again what their boss is going to say. But I was thinking that  maybe we could translate a little bit of what we are trying to do with  tax reform, because we talk about tax rates, exemptions, exceptions,  and simplification--all this stuff that is important because it gets  baked into the bill--but we don't spend a lot of time explaining why we  are trying to do what we are doing.   The last time we had real, meaningful, impactful tax reform was back  in 1986. That is when Republicans and Democrats came together and  decided that the stagnant economy that I grew up in--I graduated from  high school in 1978. I didn't immediately go to college. I moved away  from home when I was 17 years old, and I was working. It was an economy  that was not unlike today's. In many respects, it may have been a  little bit worse. The environment was the same. Iran was behaving  badly, and Russia was behaving badly. We had sort of the same sort of  global environment that we have today. We had the threats that we have  to confront every single day, and we had the threat to the future of a  generation. I mean, literally, people had no earthly idea, if they were  getting an education, whether they would be able to get a job because  the job-creation numbers when I was 26 years old were terrible. People  were worried about whether they could pay for college.   So why are we doing tax reform? We are doing tax reform because it is  time for the American economy to grow back to what it is capable of  doing, what it has done in the past.  [[Page S6313]]    We need tax reform so we can create economic expansion that lets us  pay down our debt, which many people in the military say is the single  greatest threat to our national security.   We need tax reform and we need to grow the economy because we owe it  to this generation to have the same opportunities that I did.   It can be done, but we have to do it probably through reconciliation  because right now, even though many of the proposals that we are  putting forward--the tax rate and the kinds of policies we are putting  forward have been supported by our colleagues and many of my friends on  the other side of the aisle. For some reason, they don't make sense  anymore. They made sense back in 1986 when Democrats and Republicans  joined together to do tax reform. If you were in your midtwenties then,  you saw prosperity unlike anything we have seen right up to today. That  was the last time we saw great growth in our economy. We need to get  back to providing those same sorts of opportunities.   People will tell you that we are not giving a cut to the little guy  or the working man. Well, one thing you don't see when you see the  percentage rates that we are talking about on individual tax rates that  we are targeting is that there will be tens of thousands of people who  will pay zero taxes. There is a actually a zero tax bracket. There are  people who, because of the exceptions and exemptions that we are  proposing, will actually fall below having a Federal tax liability. We  need to talk about that.   We need to recognize that we have to provide relief to the entire  spectrum, from the businesses that hire people and create jobs to the  working families and the people who don't make enough where we can take  any more away from them because they need it to pay their bills. They  need to pay their electric bills, their utility bills, their school  tuition, and all the other things that working families are struggling  to do today, just as I was struggling to do back in 1986.   So I hope this Congress will deliver on the promise we made last year  to cut taxes, to get this economy moving again, and to provide the same  opportunities for the generation going to school and the people who  aren't in school, who are struggling to make a living--the same  opportunities that I got when I was that 26-year-old back in 1986. We  can do it. I know we can do it because we have done it before. It is a  promise we made and a promise we need to keep.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   