 Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support to  H.R. 1238, the Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act of 2017.   Our nation's agricultural sector comprises a substantial portion of  our economy. In my home state of Georgia, eggs, beef, poultry, peanuts,  onions, and many other agricultural commodities allow for agriculture  to be an almost $14 billion industry. Furthermore, the food and fiber  industry directly and indirectly results in a total economic impact of  tens of billions of dollars annually and the creation of hundreds of  thousands of jobs in Georgia. Moreover, agricultural industries serve  as a vital backbone to the nutrition and nourishment of both America's  citizens and consumers abroad.   Naturally, an industry as critical to the United States' stability as  the country's food production must not be compromised by threats of  sabotage or acts of terrorism.   Passing this bill will amend portions of the Homeland Security Act of  2002 (HSA) to allow the Department of Homeland Security to better  protect America's agricultural sector. The reorganization of DHS  resources outlined in this bill ensure that proper oversight and  management of our nation's agriculture necessary to prevent a  devastating attack on our agricultural sector.   The level of bipartisan cooperation and support for the Securing our  Agricultural and Food Act reflects the importance of this bill to  security and economic interests of American's citizens. The security of  our nation's food supplies is not an issue defined by political party,  nor is the concern only relevant to rural populations. All American's  will suffer if we are unable to ensure the safety of the country's  agricultural sector.   This bill provides security to a fundamental and often. overlooked  area of our economy and existence. We as lawmakers must ensure the  preparedness of our Federal government to react to events of ecological  sabotage and terrorism.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote YES on the resolution.   