 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to talk about  Career and Technical Education Month. The month of February has been  set aside as Career and Technical Education Month. It is an opportunity  for us to talk about something that is working very well in some of our  States and is giving our young people amazing opportunities, and it  should be expanded.   Over the last 6 years, my home State of Ohio has come a long way. We  have turned a record deficit into a billion-dollar rainy day fund. We  have created lots of new jobs, but we also have a problem in Ohio and  around the country, and that is a skills gap.   If you go on the www.ohiomeansjobs.com Web site right now, I think  you will see about 122,000 jobs being offered. In other words, these  are companies saying: We are looking for people.   At the same time, in Ohio today, we have about 280,000 people who are  out of work. So how could that be, you ask? Well, if you look at the  jobs and you look at what the descriptions are, many are jobs that  require skills, and some of these skills are not available right now in  the workforce. So you could get a lot of people put back to work just  by developing these skills in Ohio.   At the same time, this is happening around the country, and this  skills gap--this mismatch between the skills that are in demand in a  local economy and the skills of a worker--is something that can be  dealt with with more aggressive career and technical education.   Businesses want to invest more. They want to make better products,  but they  [[Page S927]]  can't do so if they can't find the right people.   By the way, when those skilled workers aren't available, often those  jobs go somewhere else. So in the case of Ohio, some may go to other  States--let's say Indiana--but some go to other countries--say India.   So if you don't have the skilled workforce, you are not going to be  able to keep the jobs that we want here in America because workers are  such a critical part of making a business successful.   The Department of Labor's Bureau of Labor Statistics says that the  typical unemployed worker today has been unemployed for about 6 months.  So we have this long-term unemployment again. The skills gap would help  deal with that. There are 5.8 million Americans who are now stuck in  part-time work who would want full-time work. So we have some  challenges in our economy, and this skills training would really help.   According to a survey from Deloitte, 98 of the 100 biggest privately  held employers in my hometown of Cincinnati, OH--98 out of 100--say  they are struggling to find qualified workers. There is a shortage of  machinists--machine operators. We are a manufacturing State. There is  also a shortage of other jobs, IT skills, health care skills. Companies  want to hire, but they have a hard time finding workers with the right  skills.    By the way, it is not just in Cincinnati or in Ohio; it is across the  country. There was a study done by the National Association of  Manufacturers that found that three out of every four manufacturers say  the skills gap is hurting their ability to expand and create more jobs.  So as soon as this new Congress and new administration get to work, I  think there is an opportunity for us to address this.   One thing we have heard about from the administration and also from  both sides of the aisle here is the need for more infrastructure. We  have all heard about the funding for our crumbling roads and bridges,  our water systems, our waste water systems. I think that is all true,  but it is going to be tough to do it because we don't have the skilled  workers to rebuild the infrastructure. I think there is an area of  common ground that if we have skilled workers, we will be much more  likely to rebuild that infrastructure.   We had a conference on this issue a couple of weeks ago in Congress,  and we brought people in from Ohio from the building trades. The point  they made was: We would love to see this infrastructure expansion  everybody is talking about. But who is going to do the work? We need  more skills training, and we need to make sure that is there.   Yesterday afternoon we confirmed the Secretary of Education, Betsy  DeVos. One reason I voted for Betsy DeVos is that she talked about  skills training. Her quote was that CTE, career technical education, is  an ``important priority,'' and she agrees that we must do more to give  our young people the job skills they need.   Some people, when they hear about CTE, wonder what it is. For some in  my generation, it is what was called vocational education, but I will  tell you that it is not your father's Oldsmobile. It is really  impressive to go to these CTE schools and see what they are doing and  see the changes in the attitudes of the kids and their parents once  they get into these programs.   One of the challenges we have is getting kids to enroll in some of  these CTE programs. Sometimes the parents say to their kids: That is  not something you should do. You should get on track to go to college  because that is the track we were on, and that is the track we were  told was better. I will tell you that is a big mistake. Changing that  attitude is really important to helping expand CTE because young people  going into these CTE programs have an incredible opportunity. By the  way, many of them do go on to college, 2- or 4-year institutions. Many  of them also get a job out of high school, and, again, that job is very  important to our employers keeping jobs and economic activity here in  this country, but it is also a huge opportunity for them.   I was at a CTE center a couple of years ago. We were sitting around  the table talking to some of the employers who were there supporting  the programs, some of the administrators, and, of course most  importantly, some of the students who were from three local high  schools who were all involved in this CTE program. Of the three young  people who were there, two of them were going off to manufacturing jobs  where they were going to be making 50 grand a year plus benefits, and  the third was going into an IT position where, again, she was going to  have a great opportunity.   My question to the students was: Have you gone back to your high  school and talked to your friends about this? They all indicated they  were planning to do that because they had a great experience. They had  great opportunities. By the way, one of them was interested in being an  engineer. He was going to CTE and then going to get a job. He had a job  lined up with a company he had interned for, but that same company was  willing to send him to school to get a degree in engineering over the  subsequent years.   All three of them had college credits already because in Ohio  students are allowed to get college credits from CTE courses, which  makes it more likely that they will graduate but also more likely that  they will be able to get to college and have college be more affordable  by getting credits in advance. It is a terrific idea.   There is a story that I heard about recently of a young woman in  Ohio. Her name is Mackenzie Slicker from Massilon, OH. She will tell  you that she was not doing very well in school. She was not hitting her  marks, and she was not very excited about school. Then one day she saw  there was an opportunity to get into a CTE course in sports medicine.  She applied for it. The teacher looked at her scores in other classes  and non-CTE classes, and said: I will take a chance on you, but I am  concerned about you because your grades are so low. But she applied.  She said she was embarrassed by those scores. The teacher let her in  with the understanding that she would do a better job in her other  classes. The CTE course gave her a totally new-found motivation to work  hard and get good grades.   I hear this again and again back home. These kids from CTE are  excited. They not only stay in school--they are not dropouts--but they  do better.   In her senior year in high school she had a 4.0 after getting into  the CTE program for sports medicine. She is studying at Miami  University where she is on track for living out her dream of becoming  an orthopedic surgeon. That is an example of how CTE really works.   Senator Tim Kaine and I had this in mind when we started the Senate  CTE Caucus. It is a caucus that started with just a couple of Members,  and now it has a strong following. Senator Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin  is among the leaders of that caucus, and she is on the floor today.  This caucus not only has these conferences that bring people together  to talk about issues, but we also put together legislation.   Senator Kaine and I introduced legislation called Jumpstart Our  Businesses by Supporting Students Act, or the JOBS Act. We tried hard  to get that acronym, JOBS. We introduced it a couple weeks ago. It  would let low-income people get Pell grants for job training programs.  Under current law, financial aid for programs can be used for courses  lasting 15 weeks or more, but a lot of the licensing programs and the  job training programs are less than 15 weeks. In Ohio a lot of them are  9 weeks. So we think this legislation will be helpful, giving young  people options that they don't have now to be able to have this funding  to be able to give them opportunities for a better start in their  careers, getting them the licensing they need, the certificates they  need, and putting them on the path to joining the middle class and the  ability to get a job, but also to be able to buy that car, to be able  to buy that home over time by having this opportunity to get skills  training.   Our legislation has been endorsed by education groups like the  Association of Career and Technical Education, the National Skills  Coalition, the National Council for Workforce Education, and many other  groups. We appreciate their help, and we are going to get that  legislation done.   I hope colleagues from both sides of the aisle can join us to get  that legislation enacted. It makes so much sense.  [[Page S928]]    Senator Kaine and I are also planning to reintroduce another bill  called Educating Tomorrow's Workforce Act, which improves the quality  of our CTE programs by setting minimum standards for CTE programs that  would ensure students are able to transfer their credits, be able to  have their work graded today based on today's industry standards, and  use equipment that is up to date. So basically it is legislation--and  again I thank Senator Baldwin for her support--to help increase the  quality of CTE education. In some of our States this is working  incredibly well. Ohio is one of those cutting-edge States. We have to  ensure that the standards are maintained and expanded everywhere and we  continue to support reauthorization to strongly support our CTE  programs.   Just like the JOBS Act, this bill has been endorsed by a number of  education experts and groups, and we appreciate their help, including  the National Career Academy Coalition, the National Career Development  Association, National Association of Secondary School Principals, and  many more.   In Ohio we have some great schools, whether it is Cleveland, OH--the  Max Hayes High School does an awesome job. I was there for its opening,  now about a year and a half ago, and they are doing a terrific job of  working with the building trades, working with private industry,  working with the high schools in the area, and developing skills that  are badly needed in Northeast Ohio. Ohio also has some great health  care CTE programs. I mentioned the young woman who found her motivation  getting involved in CTE for sports medicine.   Recently I went to Butler Tech to their health care campus, which is  north of Cincinnati, and what they are doing there is amazing. You walk  in and all the kids have on their white medical coats, and whether they  are dental hygienists who are being trained or technologists or  students who plan to go to medical school someday or those who are  interested in getting a degree in nursing, there are some incredible  sites. They have brought in outside partners, all from the area, who  are involved with working with them. It is good for our kids but also  really good for our community.   Mr. President, if we pass this legislation that I am talking about  today, if we continue to focus on career and technical education as we  are supposed to do this month--CTE month, February--we are going to  help many millions of our young people to be able to have better  opportunities and, most importantly, we are going to be able to help  our economy. We are going to help create more jobs and more  opportunities in this country, to be able to close that skills gap, to  put people back to work. It makes too much sense for us not to come  together as Republicans and Democrats alike, and with the new  administration, to promote career and technical education.   With that I yield my time.   