 Mr. President, I want to cover what I think are the seven  worst aspects of this tax bill.   The first thing is that this is not a middle-class tax cut. Credible,  independent analysis of this bill found that the richest 1 percent of  the United States will get $85 billion of the benefits in the year  2019. These Americans will get a tax cut of more than $55,000 per  person while taxpayers who fall in the middle of the road will get a  couple of hundred bucks. Many in the middle class will pay more because  of this bill.   People making $30,000 or less will see a tax increase of about 10  percent. Even foreign investors will do better than the middle class in  this bill. What do I mean by foreign investors? I mean foreign  investors. I mean people who don't live in the United States but who  own stock or are investors in American companies. In 2019, they will  get a $48 billion tax benefit. That is a bigger benefit than more than  half of the rest of the country will get from this bill. You have to  work hard to design a tax plan that helps the middle class less than  this one does. In fact, the Washington Post looked at this plan a few  weeks ago and found that it is the worst tax plan for the middle class  in 50 years. Here is the thing. It shouldn't be that hard to do a  middle-class tax cut; you just do a middle-class tax cut.    The No. 2 reason this bill is horrible is it is primarily written for  special interests. Republicans couldn't give the middle class a bigger  tax break because they needed all of that money for special interests.  Real estate firms will see an immediate 16 percent decrease in taxes  next year. For families who own multimillion-dollar hotels, that makes  this a great bill.   Big banks and financial firms also win. Over the next 10 years,  financial firms will save $250 billion. Over the next 10 years,  financial firms will save $250 billion.   The biggest single beneficiary is Wells Fargo. What I remember from  the last election was that the lesson the voters were teaching us  across America was a populous lesson, that  [[Page S8113]]  they were sick of financial institutions and the very powerful  politically and the very powerful economically running us. Here we are  giving a massive tax break to Wells Fargo, an estimated 18-percent  boost in earnings just for Wells Fargo. This is not a bank that has  been a good player recently. They were mired in scandal after they  bilked customers into buying auto insurance and created thousands of  fake credit card and bank accounts.   People are not getting a tax cut. Corporations are getting a tax cut,  and no one knows how we are going to pay for all of this.   This brings me to No. 3. If passed, this bill will increase the  Federal deficit by a minimum of $1.5 trillion. With $1.5 trillion, we  can pay down every single student loan in the country and still have  enough money left over for middle-class tax cuts. Instead, we are going  to make sure that Wells Fargo investors have another banner year.   There was an entire group of Republicans elected to the Congress on  the premise that the Federal debt and deficit were too high and that we  needed fiscal discipline and fiscal responsibility, and now they are  adding $1.5 trillion to the deficit.   No. 4, this bill is just bad economic policy. It is premised on the  idea that if you provide a tax cut for corporations, they will share  it, essentially; that if you give money to a corporation and they take  that money and they reinvest it in their physical plant, they make  additional developments--maybe they build a new factory, or maybe they  pay their people more. That sounds great. Here is the problem: The  corporate sector is sitting on an unprecedented amount of cash already.  The corporate sector has lots of cash already. So we have a lesson in  what they will do with extra cash, right? If they were going to use  extra cash to pay their people more or invest more in physical  infrastructure or expand their businesses, they would already be doing  that because they are already sitting on record amounts of capital. But  they are not doing that. What they are doing is stock buybacks and  dividends. In other words, they are paying off their shareholders.   When a group of American CEOs was asked what they were going to do  with the windfall money they are about to receive, they did not say  they are going to pay their people more; they did not say they are  going to invest more in expanding their businesses; they indicated that  they are going to do what they have been doing with their record  amounts of cash, which is pour it back into stock buybacks and  dividends.   This is bad economic policy. Forget the moral part for a moment. Even  at the macroeconomic level, this is not smart.   No. 5, this is bad policy because it is a bad process. This bill was  written in secret. It was rushed, and it was 100 percent partisan. We  know it didn't have to be that way.   One of the things I said to some of my colleagues with whom I have a  strong relationship is, listen, why don't we try to do this subject to  a 60-vote threshold? Why don't we try to find bipartisan agreement? And  then, listen, if you find that we are operating with you in bad faith,  if you find that there is no room for compromise, drop the threshold  down and do it with a 51-vote margin, but at least you will have  exhausted the possibility of bipartisanship.   They started with 51 votes. What does that mean? That means they  never wanted to listen to Democrats. That is why this process is so  flawed. And now the House just sent over a bill that is so messed up,  they are going to have to vote again tomorrow. To fix the garbage they  sent over this afternoon, they are already talking about an additional  technical fixes bill to do next year. This is the product that you get  when you don't have public hearings, when you don't have  bipartisanship, and when you don't take your time.   No. 6, this bill is bad for healthcare. People's premiums are going  to skyrocket, and 13 million Americans are going to go without health  insurance.   No. 7, this bill increases income inequality. This bill changes our  tax system to reward wealth over work. For me, American capitalism is  about, you work hard, you have a good idea, and you are rewarded. It is  not about, your dad was rich, he passed the money down, and you are  rewarded. American capitalism is about pulling yourself up by your  bootstraps. But what we are doing with the Tax Code is unprecedented-- except for during the gilded age. What we are doing with the Tax Code  right now is saying: We value already being rich more than we value  someone who is climbing that mountain.   That is a foundational moral question--do we value work, or do we  value wealth? The problem with this bill--and we can go through process  and policy and politics, but the foundational problem with this bill is  that, through this document, we are declaring that we value people's  wealth that already exists. We value passive income more than we value  earned income. And that is not good for the United States of America.  That is the problem with this bill. We are telling people that we value  people who already have money more than people who are climbing that  hill. That is why I oppose this bill so strongly, and I think that is  why people across America--for the very first time, at least in recent  history but maybe in American history, we have a tax cut bill that is  so deeply unpopular because people understand what a rotten piece of  legislation this is. I urge my colleagues to oppose it.   I yield the floor.   