 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. I  appreciate his leadership to get us here both on the Rules Committee  and the Appropriations Committee.   Mr. Speaker, despite what you may hear in the media, this funding  bill is a positive step forward for the American people and a big win  for the Trump administration. I want to highlight a few reasons why.   First, delivering on President Trump's promise, this bill makes long  overdue and much-needed investments in our military. The bill boosts  military spending by $21 billion, which will help boost military  readiness and fund the largest pay raise for our troops in 6 years.   Importantly, the bill finally rejects demands of Democrats to only  increase defense spending if all other spending is also increased. This  bill ends that harmful precedent.   The bill devotes important new funding for border security. In fact,  it contains the biggest increase in border security funding in almost a  decade. This will allow us to make improvements to the wall at the  border, put more Customs and Border Protection agents on the ground,  and end the disastrous practice of ``catch and release.''   The bill includes important pro-life protections to ensure taxpayer  money is not used to fund abortions. Just as important, the bill does  not contain a penny of funding for Planned Parenthood. I am going to  say it again: there is not a penny in here for Planned Parenthood.   The bill includes important Second Amendment protections, increases  funding to help fight crime, supports funding for Israel, provides  money for missile defense, and sets aside additional resources to  defeat ISIS.   Even more, the bill cuts funding to the EPA, freezes funding for the  IRS, and reduces the Federal Government's role in education.   Finally, the bill makes progress and priorities important to my folks  in southwest Alabama. For example, the bill fully funds three littoral  combat ships, which are built, in part, by Austal USA in Mobile. These  ships are critical to the United States Navy and are necessary if we  are to reach the 355-ship fleet that President Trump wants. This  funding bill will ensure we continue to build these first class vessels  in Mobile.   The bill also includes a provision important to our red snapper  fishermen. With the help of Senator Richard Shelby, we were able to  secure a permanent expansion of State waters out to nine nautical  miles.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is not perfect--no compromise ever is--but I  commend President Trump in negotiating a good bill to begin the process  of implementing the priorities the American people sent him and us to  Washington to accomplish.   President Trump has called on Congress to pass this funding bill  while we work to make even more progress in the upcoming fiscal year  2018 funding negotiations. I intend to do just that, and I call on my  colleagues to do the same.   I am glad to support President Trump, this rule, and the underlying  bill.   