 Mr. President, I wish to start by commending the  Senator from New Mexico for his leadership on many issues but today for  being on the floor to protect this vital, beautiful American treasure,  the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. I thank the Senator.   I wish to speak about the budget as well. I hope everyone across the  country will really pay attention to the debate we are having in the  Senate over the next couple of days and over the coming weeks and  months.   There is no doubt that when we look at the budget that is going to  come to the floor of this Senate, it is stacked overwhelmingly in favor  of the wealthiest Americans and powerful special interests, and the  benefits that will go to the folks at the very top are paid for, in one  way or another, by everyone and everything else.   I wish to be very clear. I think we need to reform our Tax Code. We  need  [[Page S6511]]  to simplify our Tax Code. We need to reduce the tax burden on middle- class families throughout the country. We should do that in a  transparent, accountable, and bipartisan fashion, but make no mistake,  unfortunately, what we have received so far from the Trump  administration is something that has been cooked up behind closed  doors, and the more we look at it, the worse it gets, from the  perspective of making sure the American public is protected in this  process. At the end of the day, it is just another warmed-over version  of what we know of as trickle-down economics.   What is trickle-down economics? It is the idea that if you give big  tax breaks to the top 1 percent--the folks at the very top of the  income scale, including big corporations--that somehow the benefits of  that tax cut are going to trickle down through the economy and lift  everybody up. The problem is, we already have a real-world example of  how that whole theory failed, how it ran aground. We saw that in 2001  and in 2002 when we cut taxes in the United States. What went up? What  went soaring up were the incomes of the top 1 percent. The other thing  that went up were our deficits and national debt. Everybody else was  left behind. So, yes, the yachts went up, but all the other boats kind  of ran aground.   If we look at this chart, we will see it has been part of a pattern  over a long period of time, where the incomes of the top 1 percent-- that is this red line--have risen steadily. They bounce up and down,  usually with respect to some fluctuations in the financial markets, but  right after the 2001-2002 tax cuts, we saw aftertax incomes of the top  1 percent shoot up. Did it really help the economy? It didn't help the  economy overcome the financial crisis. So we saw some of those incomes  come down during the financial crisis.   So when we look at the pattern, our tax policies and other policies  have resulted in this huge and dramatic increase in the incomes of the  top 1 percent, and everybody else has been kind of static. That is an  average. Many of those American households are much worse off today  than they were even 20 years ago, in terms of real income.   So a lot of people are on a treadmill, with millions falling behind.  Why in the world we would then adopt a tax plan that actually increases  this inequity without improving the economy is just another windfall  tax break to the top 1 percent.   Let's just take a look first at the estate tax. It is a great example  of how this Republican bill--this Trump bill--is stacked overwhelmingly  in favor of the very wealthiest in the United States of America. Our  Republican colleagues like to call this a death tax. There are 2.6  million deaths in the United States every year. Only about 5,000  American households pay the estate tax. This isn't a death tax; this is  a tax to prevent the growth of dynasties in America. Teddy Roosevelt  would be crawling in his grave as a Republican to hear about this  Republican proposal because he thought America should be a place where  we don't have an aristocracy, we don't have oligarchy. We don't just  let people sit around and pass on billions of dollars--sure, we can  pass on millions, but billions and billions of dollars--because, over  time, what happens is that growing wealth inequality in the United  States, instead of making sure people can sort of make it on their own  in the country, which is what we thought America was all about.   Just to illustrate the point, if you are a couple and you have an  estate of lower than $11 million--if your estate as a couple is below  $11 million--you don't pay a penny in Federal estate tax, not one  penny. If you are an individual who has an estate below $5.6 million,  you don't pay a penny in estate taxes. That is why only 5,000  households--the very wealthiest households in the country--are the only  ones that pay it. In fact, when we look at this chart, we can see these  two little red dots out of all of these squares are the only households  that are impacted.   So this Republican plan would give a $240 billion tax cut over 10  years to these wealthiest households in the United States of America.  One day, Donald Trump's estate will benefit mightily from this,  according to Bloomberg, and I think that is a trusted source around  here. Yet we are going to give that $240 billion tax cut to the  superwealthy and the rest of the country is going to have to pick up  the bill.   So who is going to pay for that bill and how? Well, it really happens  in two ways. One way is tens of millions of middle-class taxpayers are  going to get socked by this tax plan. The other way is, under this  bill, it green-lights deep cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, so we are  going to see increased burdens on folks who are on Medicare--seniors.   I wish to talk for a minute about the increase in middle-class taxes  under this Trump administration plan.   First, under their plan, taxpayers will no longer be able to deduct  their property taxes and their State and local taxes. We hear a lot  from our Republican colleagues about double taxation when it comes to  corporations. Yet their plan proposes a double taxation on tens of  millions of middle-class taxpayers around the country. On that dollar,  they pay their State and local taxes, and then they will be taxed on  what they pay to their State and local governments and what they pay on  property taxes. That is why this plan is opposed by the National  Governors Association. It is why it is opposed by the United States  Conference of Mayors.   If we look at IRS data, we will find that 40 percent of taxpayers  making between $50,000 and $75,000 of annual income--just that small  band--take the deduction for State and local taxes, and they are going  to increase their taxes under this plan. That is almost 8 million  Americans right there.   There is another provision in this Republican plan which says that  the bigger your family is, the bigger the tax you are going to pay. If  you have three, four, five kids, you are going to be paying more taxes  than you are today because what they give with one hand on the standard  deduction, they take away on the personal exemptions.   Low-income seniors are going to see their taxes go up because the  bottom rate is increased from 10 percent to 12 percent, and the  deductions many seniors get, especially if they are disabled, are  eliminated. They are going to see their taxes go up.   Finally, I really hope Members will begin to focus on this. The  National Association of Realtors hired PricewaterhouseCoopers to do an  analysis of the Republican plan. This is from the National Association  of Realtors: ``Homeowners with adjusted gross incomes between $50,000  and $200,000 will see an average tax increase of $815 a year.'' Because  of the interaction of what you do with respect to the home mortgage  deduction and the fact that it is not as big a benefit and the  inability to deduct your local property taxes--and I want to read this  very deliberately--``Home prices in the short run will fall by an  overall average of 10.2 percent.'' Let me say that again: Home prices  in the United States will fall by an average of 10.2 percent. That is  by PricewaterhouseCoopers.   They may recover at some point, they say, but if you are a senior and  you have all of your savings in your house and the value of your house  drops by 10 percent, you are in a world of hurt, and that is what the  National Association of Realtors tells us this bill will do.   That is on the tax side. That is not the only way seniors are going  to be hit. Middle-income families are going to be hit on the tax side;  their taxes are going to go up. But they will also be hit because, in  order to pay for those estate tax breaks for the superwealthy--the  5,000 households in the country that each year benefit from that--this  budget also green-lights cutting Medicare by $473 billion, and it  green-lights cutting Medicaid by over $1 trillion. So not only does the  middle-class take it through increased tax burdens--tens of millions of  them--but folks on Medicare are going to see that program cut and a $1  trillion cut in Medicaid.   We just went through a big debate here in the United States Senate,  and a majority rejected the idea that we should cut Medicaid by $1  trillion, especially in the middle of an opioid epidemic and all the  other health challenges we face around the country. Yet that is what  this Republican budget green-lights.   The bottom line is that they have big tax cuts for the superwealthy  paid for by increasing the tax burden on tens of millions of middle- class Americans,  [[Page S6512]]  paid for by cutting Medicare and Medicaid. Then, at the end of all of  that, this budget is actually designed to increase the national debt by  $1.5 trillion. It is written right into this budget bill.   I served for many years on the House Budget Committee. I was the  ranking Democrat. The chairman of that committee for many years was  Paul Ryan, now Speaker of the House. Every year, Congressman Ryan--now  Speaker Ryan--would come up with what he called the ``Path to  Prosperity,'' a 59-page document, and it repeatedly referred to ``the  crushing burden of debt.'' It was mentioned 12 times in that one budget  document.   I happen to believe that we need to be serious about reducing our  long-term deficits and debt, and our Republican colleagues used to say  they cared about that too. But this budget actually calls for a $1.5  trillion increase in our national debt. What happened to the fiscal  conservatives? What happened to the budget hawks on the other side of  the aisle?   It turns out that when it comes to cutting Medicare and Medicaid, a  lot of our Republican colleagues have been all in for that. But when it  comes to tax cuts--tax cuts for the very wealthy--somehow deficits and  debt don't matter anymore because this budget actually calls for a $1.5  trillion increase in the national debt.   I really hope we will get to regular order. Let's have a full  bipartisan discussion. The only time there has been successful tax  reform is when it has been done in a bipartisan, transparent way. Yet  what this bill is doing is setting up a vehicle to try and jam  something through on a partisan basis, something that will help the  most powerful and the most wealthy in this country at the expense of  everyone else. Let's not go in that direction.    Mr. President, I rise tonight to join my House  colleagues, Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton and Congressman Andy  Harris, to celebrate the passage of H.R. 2989, a bill to create a  commission to honor Frederick Douglass in 2018, in the bicentennial of  his birth.   Frederick Douglass was enslaved at birth on the Eastern Shore of  Maryland in 1818; yet he learned to read and write. He escaped from  Maryland and moved to New York. In 1845, he published his first  autobiography, ``The Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass: an  American Slave.''   He later escaped to Great Britain to avoid being returned to slavery.  British Quakers paid for his freedom, which enabled him to return to  United States, settling in Baltimore, MD, in 1847; yet he continued to  be a strong abolitionist who campaigned against slavery and in favor of  the right to vote throughout the east and midwest. In 1850, he oversaw  the Underground Railroad in Rochester, NY.   Douglass made four trips back to the place of his birth in Talbot  County, MD. He reconciled with Captain Thomas Auld, who had enslaved  him in the past. He made a pilgrimage to Tappers Corner in search of  his grandmother's cabin and his birthplace. Moreover, he invested in  the African-American community in Maryland through housing developments  in his old neighborhood in Fells Point, now named Douglass Place, and  at Highland Beach, a summer resort community outside of Annapolis.   Among his many accomplishments, he served as an adviser to President  Lincoln. Moreover, he received several appointments in the District of  Columbia: legislative council, U.S. Marshal, and recorder of deeds. He  was subsequently appointed Ambassador to Haiti from 1889 to 1891.   Two hundred years after Douglass's birth provides an opportunity to  reflect upon his legacy. He stated, ``We have to do with the past only  as we can make it useful to the present and the future.'' I look  forward to working  [[Page S6591]]  with my colleagues to commemorate his bicentennial by retracing his  steps and promoting his guiding principles of freedom and justice for  all.   