 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H. Con. Res. 35 authorizes use of the Capitol Grounds  for the annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service on May 15 and  a National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. Both events will be  coordinated with the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police.   The National Peace Officers' Memorial will honor the 144 law  enforcement officers killed in the line of duty in 2016. In addition,  the memorial event will honor 70 police officers who died from cancer  related to 9/11 and 30 officers who died within the past 5 years who  were not previously honored.   Eight of those officers this year hail from my home State of Georgia.  I offer the deepest condolences to the families of those officers who  have had to endure the tragedy of losing a loved one who volunteered to  protect my fellow Georgians.   I have deep appreciation for the fallen officers and the ultimate  sacrifice that they have made on behalf of their local communities. I  support this resolution and urge Members to join me in supporting this  tribute to law enforcement officers who died in the line of duty in the  year 2016.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I would like to, first of all, thank my good friend from Maryland,  Representative Steny Hoyer, for introducing this resolution on behalf  of the entire Washington regional delegation. The Greater Washington  Soap Box Derby is an annual competitive event that encourages boys and  girls, ages 9 through 16, to construct and race their own soapbox  vehicles.   This Capitol Hill event has become a great tradition in Washington,  D.C., in our metropolitan area over the last 20 years. It provides a  terrific opportunity for children to appreciate the workmanship  necessary to build the vehicles and enjoy the thrill of competition.   The Greater Washington Soap Box Derby organizers will work with the  Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police to ensure the  appropriate rules and regulations are in place and that the event  remains free to the public.   I support this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this  legislation.   You know, the Washington Soap Box Derby was an event that was being  held during the times that I was here in Washington, D.C., growing up.  I was born and raised here in Washington, D.C. I left at the age of 17  to come to Georgia. When I got to Georgia, I fell in love with Georgia;  and I have been there for the last 47 years or so, and it has been a  good run for me.   But I tell you, remembering those occasions when the soapbox derby  came to Washington, D.C., in my youth and going to watch the races,  and, you know, it was really a joyful occasion, mass crowds gathered,  people are rooting for their neighbors and their relatives and their  friends, and pretty soon everybody is rooting for everybody. And to see  the cars, the craftsmanship that went into building those cars, it is  really a joy.   I haven't been to a soapbox derby since those times, so I imagine the  craftsmanship that is going into these vehicles now is probably  astounding what these young people and their supporters do in  preparation for this soapbox derby. But still, although the vehicles  have probably gotten more sophisticated and the preparation has gotten  more detailed, the aspiration of the soapbox derby remains the same,  and that is for young people to challenge themselves to do something,  get out of their comfort zone, construct something, build something,  then watch it actually move, and then even win the competition. So it  is a great thrill, I am sure.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 455. I  want to commend my friend on the other side of the aisle for his  eloquence and for his support of H.R. 455.   I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Mississippi  (Mr. Thompson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, R. Jess Brown is the type of individual who is an  American success story. Just listening to the comments of my colleague,  Congressman Thompson, about R. Jess Brown made me very proud of his  accomplishments. He seemed to have been a Renaissance man with a  southern twist. He seemed to be a gentleman and a scholar, yet someone  who worked with his hands, also, and showed others how to do so.    That is why I rise in support of H.R. 455, a bill to designate the  Federal courthouse in Jackson, Mississippi, as the R. Jess Brown United  States Courthouse. I can't think of any better name for a courthouse in  that locale other than the R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse.  Attorney R. Jess Brown was a towering champion during critical moments  in the civil rights movement in the South, and especially in  Mississippi.   Jess Brown received his law degree from the Thurgood Marshall School  of Law at Texas Southern University, which is my law school alma mater,  and he practiced law in Mississippi throughout the sixties and  seventies as one of the few attorneys willing to practice civil rights  law. He made the metamorphosis from being a divorce lawyer into being a  civil rights lawyer.   He was associate counsel for the National Association for the  Advancement of Colored People, the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational  Fund, and he filed the first civil rights suit in Mississippi in the  1950s in Jefferson Davis County, seeking the enforcement of the right  of Black citizens to become registered voters.   In 1961, R. Jess Brown represented James H. Meredith in his suit to  be allowed to enter the University of Mississippi. His victory in this  case opened the doors of that university to all Mississippi citizens.   While with the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, he played a  major role in fighting racial discrimination in the areas of  transportation and other public accommodations.   During his lifetime, R. Jess Brown received numerous awards and  honors, including the NAACP's Lawyer of the Year Award, the National  Bar Association's C. Francis Stradford Award, and the Mississippi  Teachers Association Award for extraordinary service to education in  Mississippi. Other accomplishments are too numerous to mention but,  unfortunately, are not as well known as they should be, and this is the  least that we can do to honor the legacy of this important American.   I support this legislation honoring the life's work of R. Jess Brown,  and I urge my colleagues to join me and pass H.R. 455.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 496, a straightforward bill to  repeal changes made to the transportation planning process in the  waning days of the Obama administration.   On June 27, 2016, the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal  Transit Administration jointly published a proposed rule to make  significant changes to surface transportation planning regulations in  an attempt to promote more effective regional planning by States and  Metropolitan Planning Organizations, MPOs. The proposed rule was well- intentioned, aiming to strengthen coordination among planning partners  and neighboring communities.   However, the rule was haphazardly put together on an expedited  timeline, with very little input from States and local planning  organizations. It is not surprising, therefore, that the result was  overwhelming opposition to the specific requirements of the rule.   This rule was not mandated by Congress. In fact, Congress made very  few changes to the planning process in the most recent surface  transportation reauthorization, the Fixing America's Surface  Transportation Act, also known as the FAST Act.   Among other changes, the administration sought to require that, in  any urbanized area represented by more than one MPO, the MPOs would be  required to either merge or realign their boundaries or develop unified  planning documents. This requirement for joint planning documents would  apply in urbanized areas that cross State lines. This provision, in  particular, caused substantial concern in the planning community.   The FHWA and the FTA received 299 comments in opposition to the  proposed rule, of which 249 requested that the rulemaking be withdrawn.  Only 16 commenters expressed support for the proposed rule. The  agencies received 156 comments in support of the intent of the rule,  but not the specific requirements and procedures proposed.   The final rule, published in December of 2016, made a few  modifications, including the addition of a waiver process, subject to  approval by the Secretary, from some of the joint planning requirements  if an area can demonstrate suitable coordination. Despite the changes  made by the agencies in the final rule, strong opposition to the rule  continues.   Earlier this month, Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed testified before the  Subcommittee on Highways and Transit on implementation of the FAST Act.  His written testimony, submitted on behalf of the U.S. Conference of  Mayors, states: ``The outgoing administration proposed a new rule on  MPO designations that created unreasonable burdens for a number of  regions, and we thank you, Mr. Chairman, and this committee for acting  on legislation to remedy this.''   Repeal of this rule is supported also by the American Association of  State Highway and Transportation Officials, the Association of  Metropolitan Planning Organizations, and the National Association of  Regional Councils.   Last month, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee passed  H.R. 1346, an identical bill to S. 496, by voice vote. H.R. 1346,  introduced by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski), is a  bipartisan bill with 29 cosponsors.   S. 496 stops the controversial changes I have described from going  into effect. The bill does not preclude the administration from  pursuing changes in the future, through a new notice and comment  rulemaking, to improve the planning process by strengthening the  coordination of MPOs and States.   Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to  do the same.   I yield back the balance of my time.   