 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3731,  the Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2017, because I  believe in the need to pay the hardworking men and women of the United  States Secret Service for the critical work that they perform in  dedication to the security of America's leaders.   While most Americans know the Secret Service for its role in  protecting the President and First Family, many are unaware of the  additional substantial roles and countless hours worked by special  agents, uniformed division officers, technical personnel, and  intelligence professionals. These jobs require extensive travel, often  on short notice, as well as sometimes working multiple weeks in a row  without a day off, because the security of our Nation's leaders depend  on our constant vigilance.   This legislation demonstrates an important recognition of the men and  women who wake up every day to dedicate their lives to the protection  of America's leadership and financial systems. This agency has  struggled to improve employee morale in recent years, due, in large  part, to strict overtime pay caps that prevent adequate compensation  for their work. It is very common, nowadays, in the Secret Service for  agents, starting as early as June, to be working multiple hours a week  of overtime, and sometimes as many as over 100 hours a month for free  because they have reached the cap.   This, in turn, leads to challenges in retention and recruitment,  further exacerbating staffing shortages. In 2017, the agency estimates  that 1,200 employees at Secret Service will exceed the statutory pay  cap, losing approximately $10 million in overtime pay, unless we, in  Congress, step up.   I wish to thank each of the bipartisan cosponsors for their support  of this bill, which took the cooperation of multiple committees to  bring to the floor. And I want to thank my colleague, Ms. Jackson Lee,  for her continued support on bipartisan measures. It is a sign that  when you join hands across the aisle, good things can happen.   In particular, I thank Chairman Goodlatte of the Judiciary Committee  for bringing this legislation up today, as well as Chairman Gowdy and  Ranking Member Cummings of the Oversight and Government Reform  Committee for their support. I also thank my colleague, Mr. Rutherford,  for managing this bill on the floor today. And I thank Chairman McCaul,  Ranking Member Thompson, and Ranking Member Watson Coleman of the  Homeland Security Committee for their recognition of this legislation's  importance to the Secret Service and for their support.   Further, I would like to explicitly thank two staffers who were truly  instrumental in coordinating the movement of this bill: Kevin Ortiz of  the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and Robert Parmiter of  the Judiciary Committee.   Mr. Speaker, this bill provides overdue relief to an agency whose  dedication knows no bounds. As we enjoy this holiday season, I can  think of no better Christmas gift to the hardworking men and women at  the Secret Service than the fair compensation that is owed to them for  their hard work in securing our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, for this reason, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to  support this bill, and I urge the Senate to quickly take up and pass  this bill.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Nadler), the ranking member of the House Judiciary  Committee.   