 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1242,  the 400 Years of African-American History Commission Act, which was  introduced earlier this year by Senators Tim Kaine, Mark Warner, Roy  Blunt, and Cory Booker. I was proud to introduce the House version,  which has the support of Representatives Taylor, Richmond, Wittman,  Beyer, McEachin, Lewis, Comstock, Connolly, Griffith, Goodlatte, and  many others.   I would like to thank Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, Mr.  Comer, and Mr. Connolly for their assistance in bringing the bill to  the floor today.   This bill would establish a commission to begin the planning of  programs  [[Page H2987]]  and activities across our Nation to recognize the contributions of  African Americans since their first arrival as African slaves in the  English colonies at Point Comfort, Virginia, in 1619, almost 400 years  ago.   Slavery was an abhorrent institution, but the history of Virginia and  our Nation cannot be fully understood without first recognizing the  role played by the slave trade. This institution was the foundation of  the colonial and early American agricultural system. The 20 slaves who  arrived at Point Comfort in Hampton, Virginia, in 1619 were the first  on record to be forcibly settled as involuntary laborers in the English  colonies.   This bill will establish a commission to recognize and highlight the  resilience and contributions of African Americans since 1619. From  enduring slavery to fighting in the Civil War, to working against the  oppressive Jim Crow laws, to struggling through the civil rights  movement, the rich history of African Americans in the United States  and their contributions to our Nation began hundreds of years ago.  Obviously, this history does not end there.   The commission established by this bill will be charged with the  important task of planning, developing, and implementing a series of  programs and activities throughout 2019 to tell the full story of  African Americans over the last 400 years. This 15-member commission  will include historical experts instead of politicians. Therefore, the  true legacy of African Americans will be truthfully told.   It would be a great disservice not only to African Americans, but to  all Americans, if we fail to appropriately recognize this important  milestone in our Nation's history.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank the chairman and ranking member of the  committee, Mr. Comer and Mr. Connolly, for their leadership in bringing  this bill to the floor.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   