 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak about bipartisan  legislation designed to strengthen our Nation's nuclear energy  capacity. It is called the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization  Act. I am a strong supporter of American nuclear energy. It is a vital  component of our ``all of the above'' American energy plan. My home  State of Wyoming plays a key role in American nuclear energy supply. In  Wyoming, we produce more uranium than any other State.   Nuclear energy is clean, safe, reliable, and affordable. It also  provides a major boost to the economy. American nuclear plants provide  thousands of jobs and millions of dollars in benefits to local  communities. U.S. nuclear powerplants have run safely for decades, and  many of them will serve our country for years and decades to come. But  after decades of reliable power from our traditional nuclear  powerplants, these nuclear powerplants are experiencing innovation with  opportunities that are now taking shape in the nuclear industry.  Increased private investment is occurring in nuclear energy, and it has  led to improvements in safety, security, and in cost.   This is no longer a traditional nuclear industry. There are nuclear  startups which are being backed by American entrepreneurs. Research and  work are being done by Bill Gates, of all people. These folks envision  fundamentally transforming nuclear energy technology. I believe the  advances are exciting. The biggest challenges these innovators face,  however, are the costs and delays from regulatory redtape. Many of  these delays come from trying to navigate a regulatory system that was  developed around one specific technology, which is water-cooled  reactors. The traditional water-cooled reactors have powered our Navy  and our electricity grid and have done it successfully for decades, but  today's entrepreneurs are pursuing very different designs. They are  using high-temperature gases, molten salts, and other high-tech  materials to advance the safety, efficiency, and reliability of nuclear  energy.   The nuclear regulatory system needs to be updated to enable this  innovation. That is why I join with my colleagues in introducing the  Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization  [[Page S1613]]  Act. Cosponsors include Senators Whitehouse, Inhofe, Booker, Fischer,  Capito, and Manchin. We come together having introduced S. 512. Our  bipartisan bill seeks to modernize the Nuclear Regulatory Commission by  providing a flexible regulatory framework for licensing advanced  nuclear reactors. The NRC needs a modern regulatory framework that is  predictable and efficient. Reactor operators for both traditional and  advanced reactors need timely decisionmaking from the Nuclear  Regulatory Commission. At the same time, the Commission needs to  maintain its ability to assess a variety of technologies and meet its  mission of administering safety and security to the American people.  Additionally, our legislation will update the Nuclear Regulatory  Commission's fee recovery rules.   This measure is going to bring increased transparency and  accountability to the NRC, while also improving the Commission's  efficiency and timeliness.   This bill will also help to preserve the uranium producers who are  essential to powering the technology. The Energy Information  Administration reports that uranium production in 2016 was at its  lowest level since way back in 2005. It is crucial that we restore our  American uranium sector and preserve these important jobs.   Our bipartisan legislation is going to enable the development of  innovative reactors with bold, new technologies. As a nation, we can  either lead this technology revolution or we can defer to our  competitors. China and Russia are already developing advanced  technologies regardless of what we do here in the United States.  America needs to be a leader of nuclear development. We need to create  an environment where entrepreneurs can flourish. This is the way to  create jobs here at home and revitalize our nuclear energy sector at  the same time.   One way to enable innovation for advanced reactors is to provide a  regulatory framework that is predictable and cost-effective and that  maintains the NRC's safety and security mission. The bill we haved  introduced, the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act, does  all of this.   This broadly bipartisan bill will strengthen American energy  independence and foster innovation and job creation. I thank Senators  Whitehouse, Inhofe, Booker, Crapo, Fischer, Capito, and Manchin for  cosponsoring this legislation, and I urge its support.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   