 Mr. President, I thank Senator Isakson for his words. I  thank the Presiding Officer, who is currently sitting in the chair, for  his work on the Veterans' Affairs Committee.   I want to talk a little bit about Chairman Isakson before I talk  about the Care Act. Over the last year, I have been able to work with a  great man from Georgia who has done great work. When we started out, we  talked about doing stuff we could agree upon and set the stuff we  disagree upon apart, and it has ended up where we have agreed on a lot  of stuff, and we have been able to get a lot of stuff done.   I would just say, in a body that is full of impasse over this last  year, Chairman Isakson has been a great guy to work with because the  fact is, we have set aside the political labels, and we have worked for  our veterans in that committee. It is not only Johnny and myself, but  members on both sides of the aisle in that committee have worked very  well together and communicated so very well to make sure we could take  care of the needs of our veterans across this country, whether it was  in rural America or whether it was in urban America, but our work is  not done.   The Care Act Chairman Isakson talked about is a very important piece  of legislation. It is a bipartisan compromise. It is a bill we all  negotiated on, so not everybody got everything. There are always things  in it that you wish would be better, regardless of where you are in the  spectrum, but this program does a lot of good things for our veterans.   It, first of all, will eliminate the Veterans First Program and  replace it with one that is much easier for veterans to navigate in a  system that puts in place where the veterans can seek care. It puts  that system in the hands of a veteran and their doctor.   This is a bill that passed out of committee 14 to 1, and it has 26  veterans service organizations, representing millions of veterans who  have endorsed this bill. It is a good bill.   I wish the Veterans' Administration, which we worked so closely with  on this bill, would come out and forcefully endorse it. I think that  would help a lot.   What it does is it establishes a Veterans Community Care Program. It  merges seven VA community care programs into one program, with one set  of rules for both providers and the veterans. It puts the decision of  where to seek care in the hands of the veteran and their doctor. No  more one-size-fits-all eligibility.   If a local VA doesn't have the equipment for a certain test and there  is not another VA locally that can provide that test, the vet can go to  the community doc. If the roads to another VA facility are closed for  snow, veterans could go to their local doctor rather than waiting for  the roads to clear, which is a big issue in rural America.   If a nearer VA clinic has a type of doc a vet needs to see, but there  is a community doc closer and the vet has a bad back, that vet can see  that doc in that community, as an example. It offers convenient, walk- in care so vets can get care closer to home for minor illnesses.   Third-party administrators--also known as government contractors-- will have a smaller role at the local level, and the local VA will have  the flexibility of when to use them for scheduling so what makes more  sense for the local VA will not be decided by bureaucrats in  Washington.   The second thing it does is it improves accountability and  transparency of VA's spending. It requires the VA to give Congress more  notice when funding levels of programs that impact veterans are running  low. It forces the VA to put together a businesslike plan about how it  is going to spend taxpayer dollars, and it gives Congress more  visibility in the VA contracts. It requires accountability at the  medical center, regional, and the Federal levels. If the clinic isn't  brought back up to snuff, we know who has failed to do their job.   I could give you a timeline on what has been going on in the last 3  years with the Choice Program--not having enough money, having more  than enough money, not having enough money. That will end when we pass  this bill. Congress will be able to have the oversight over the  Community Care Program that it needs.   It will give long-term certainty to our veterans because a lack of  long-term certainty is devastating to those veterans, and it will give  those who have served the consistency and the certainty they need. No  more bandaids. We need a cure.   The third thing it does is it improves VA resources in healthcare.  Veterans tell me, time and time again, once they get through the door,  they love the care the VA gives them. I have been told by a number of  veterans that VA has saved their lives. The problem has always been  getting through the door, and the biggest reason for those delays to  get through that door is workforce shortages.   So our bill incentivizes medical staff to work in rural and  underserved areas and Tribal VA facilities. It deploys more mobile  teams to provide additional care. It removes the barriers for veterans  to access telemedicine, including mental health care, closer to home.  It brings more nurses and heart and lung specialists to work at the VA  and clinical staff to work at vet centers.   The answer to the VA is not privatization. It is to build the VA and  use the private sector to fill in the gaps that the VA cannot provide.  That is what this bill does.   It also expands the VA caregiver program to veterans of all areas and  their caregivers. Right now, the VA caregiver program only applies to  post-9/11 veterans. We have a whole lot of veterans--especially the  folks from the Vietnam war--who are getting a lot older, and this  caregiver program expansion to the veterans before 9/11 is absolutely  critical.   So the bottom line is this: We have worked well on the committee. We  have put out a good bill. We put out a bill that works for the taxpayer  and, most importantly, for the veterans.   This bill is a long-term solution. We don't need another bandaid fix.  The Care Act is our long-term solution. It provides the VA what it  needs to hire staff for top-notch care. It provides an integrated  network of community providers to fill in the gaps for that care.  [[Page S8196]]  It is a balance between those two, and the veterans win.   The VSOs are on board. They were part of the discussion on this bill.  We talked to the VA extensively to make sure this bill would work for  the VA, and they agreed.   As I said earlier, I would love to have the VA come out forcefully  for this bill. I think it would help get it passed in this body.   One thing in closing. We are going to pass a temporary stopgap  measure for our budget, and VA Choice funding will probably be a part  of it. I will tell my colleagues that this is the last bandaid that I  am willing to put on the Choice Program. We need a long-term solution,  and if we don't get that long-term solution, we are not doing right by  our veterans in this country.   With that, I would again like to thank Chairman Isakson for his  leadership and for his good work on the VA Committee. When we come back  here in 2018, hopefully we can get this bill passed early in the  session because it is the right thing to do for our veterans.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   