 Mr. Chair, it really is amazing that the bureaucratic  tangle that has been caused by our so-called environmental laws has now  reached the point that even dead trees on public lands that threaten to  fall on power lines and cause major forest fires cannot be removed  without permission from Federal bureaucrats. And then to add insult to  insanity, when the bureaucracy denies or delays permission and a fire  results, the cost of the fire is paid by the utility's customers  through higher household electricity bills.   Mr. LaMalfa mentioned a situation in La Pine, Oregon, where the  Midstate Electric Cooperative begged the Forest Service for permission  to trim trees that were threatening their power lines, and they were  refused. Well, sure enough, when one of those trees fell on a power  line and started a fire, the utility's customers were forced to pay the  firefighting costs that resulted, a third of a million dollars.    Carbon Power & Light warned the Forest Service of trees threatening  their lines. The Forest Service required them first to conduct $1.6  million of environmental studies paid by the utility's customers. If  there had been a fire in the meantime, they would have had to pay those  costs as well.   Mr. LaMalfa's bill basically does two things:   First, it exempts such projects from time-consuming and costly  environmental reviews. After all, there is nothing more devastating to  the forest environment than a forest fire. Our environmental laws are  now causing these fires.   Second, when a Federal agency delays or denies permission for a  utility to remove or trim hazard trees and they end up causing a fire,  the liability is placed where it belongs: on the agency and its  bureaucrats, not on the utility and its customers; and it gives  utilities permission to remove imminent threats to power lines before  they can cause a fire.   Mr. Chair, you may have noticed, common sense is not exactly common  to government. Let's change that today by adopting this bill.   