 Mr. Speaker, I thank the leadership and Chairman  Upton for bringing this bill up under suspension today, and I thank the  gentlewoman from Colorado for yielding me the time.   I thank the entire Energy and Commerce Committee, which, once again,  voted unanimously in committee in favor of this bill--a bill that has  passed the House twice under suspension in each of the past two  Congresses. Both times it passed during the final days of the Congress,  and the Senate did not have a chance to take the bill up. I am glad the  House is considering it now in plenty of time for the Senate to  consider it and act.   I would also thank Congressman Peter Welch from Vermont for his  leadership on the bill. It is no secret that he is one of the great  champions in the House on the issue of energy efficiency, and it has  been my pleasure to work with him.   Mr. Speaker, so many schools across the country are in need of  upgrades and improvements to their facilities. In its most recent 2017  Infrastructure Report Card, the American Society of Civil Engineers  gave the condition of our Nation's schools a grade of D-plus.   As school administrators undertake badly needed improvements, they  have an opportunity to substantially improve their facilities' energy  efficiency, producing benefits for both the environment and the  economy. In reducing their energy bills, schools can put the savings to  use on other educational priorities.   According to the EPA and the Department of Energy, K-12 school  districts nationwide spend approximately $8 billion on their energy  bills every year--second only to personnel costs--exceeding the costs  of textbooks and supplies. An estimated $2 billion of that cost could  be saved by improving energy efficiency, an amount that could pay for,  for example, 40 million textbooks.   Energy expenses are one of the few costs that can be reduced while at  the same time improving classroom instruction. In fact, high- performance schools can lower a school district's operating costs by up  to 30 percent.   There are numerous Federal initiatives already available to schools  to help them become more energy efficient, but these programs are  spread across the Federal Government, making it challenging, time  consuming, and costly for schools to identify and take full advantage  of these programs.   In addition, schools can use several different general purpose  programs for energy efficiency projects if they know how to locate and  apply for them.   Introduced in the Senate as S. 383 by Senator Susan Collins, this  bipartisan Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act aims to  provide a coordinating structure for busy school administrators to help  them better navigate available Federal programs and financing options.   This legislation does not spend an additional dime and keeps its  decisionmaking authority with the States, the school boards, and local  officials.   This bill establishes a clearinghouse through the Office of Energy  Efficiency and Renewable Energy, which will disseminate information on  Federal programs and financing mechanisms that may be used to develop  energy efficiency, distributed generation, and energy retrofitting  projects for schools.   The bill also directs the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable  Energy to coordinate with Federal agencies and develop an outreach  effort to streamline communications and promote available Federal  programs. Such outreach may include a single website where school  officials can learn more about the relevant programs.   Overburdened school administrators should not have to spend hours and  hours wading through the Federal bureaucracy as they look for ways to  improve energy efficiency. This commonsense legislation will ensure  that schools can more easily take advantage of existing energy  efficiency programs.   It is a strategic and cost-saving investment to relieve the fiscal  pressure felt by school districts across the country, supported by  overburdened homeowners, while bringing us closer to energy security in  America.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this bill.   