 Mr. President, I rise today to oppose the nomination of  Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. After  meeting with Judge Gorsuch and having a long and pleasant conversation,  after hearing his testimony before the Judiciary Committee, and after  carefully reviewing his record, I have concluded that I cannot support  a man with his views for a lifetime seat on the Supreme Court.   The Supreme Court is the most important judicial body in this  country. The decisions that it reaches, even on a 5-to-4 vote, have a  profound impact on all Americans, on our environment, and on our way of  life. As we decide this week as to how we are going to cast our votes  regarding Judge Gorsuch, it is important to understand how that vote  for Judge Gorsuch--for or against him--will impact the lives of the  people of our country.   Let me give you just a few examples as to what is at stake. Seven  years ago, in a 5-to-4 decision, the Supreme Court ruled in a case  called Citizens United, and in that case, by a 5-to-4 decision, the  Court said that billionaires and corporations could spend as much money  as they wanted on the political process. This decision, as all  Americans know, opened the floodgates of corporate money, of money from  the billionaire class, such that the wealthiest people in our country  today can now elect candidates who represent their interests and not  the interests of ordinary Americans.   That decision, Citizens United, is undermining American democracy,  and in my view, it is moving us toward an oligarchic form of society in  which a handful of the wealthiest people in this country--the Koch  brothers and others--now have the power not only to control our economy  but our political life as well. In my view, Citizens United must be  overturned, and we must move back to a nation where our political  system is based on one person, one vote, not on the ability of  billionaires to buy elections.   Based on my conversation with Judge Gorsuch and a review of his  record, do I believe that he will vote to overturn Citizens United?  Absolutely not. Further, I suspect that he will vote to undermine our  democracy even further by supporting the elimination of all  restrictions on campaign finance, something which the Republican  leadership in this body wants.   What the Republican leadership is striving toward is eliminating all  campaign finance restrictions, such that billionaires can say to  somebody: I am going to give you $500 million to run for the U.S.  Senate from California, and you work for me--no independent  expenditures. I will select your campaign manager, your speech writer,  your media adviser, your pollster. You are my employee.   That is what the Republican leadership here wants. They want to  undermine all campaign finance laws, and I believe that Judge Gorsuch  will move this country in that way, a more and more undemocratic way.   Further, when we talk about the political process, it is important to  point out that in 2013, again by a 5-to-4 vote, the Supreme Court  gutted the 1965 historic Voting Rights Act, a law which was passed to  combat racial discrimination in voting in a number of States. What the  Court said, finally, is that in the United States, you have the right  to vote no matter what the color of your skin is, a historic step  forward in making this country the kind of country that it must become.   Well, as a result of that 5-to-4 Supreme Court decision in 2013  gutting the Voting Rights Act, literally days after, we had Republican  Governors and Republican legislatures all over this country, under the  guise of fighting voter fraud, passing laws--everybody knows this-- intentionally designed to make it harder for people of color, for poor  people, for young people, for older people to vote in elections.   In America in the year 2017, it is not too much to ask that all of  our people who are eligible to vote be able to vote without harassment,  without roadblocks, without barriers being placed in front of them.   I know it is a radical idea, but it is called democracy. It is called  democracy. It says that if you are eligible to vote, we want you to  vote. We want you to participate. It says that in America, where we  have one of the lowest voter turnout rates of any major country on  Earth, we want more people to be participating in the political  process, not fewer people. There is nothing I have seen in Judge  Gorsuch's record or in his recent statements to suggest to me that he  is prepared to overturn this disastrous decision on the Voting Rights  Act.   In 1973, we all know, the Supreme Court decided Rowe v. Wade and  declared that women have a constitutional right to control their own  bodies. That decision has been subsequently affirmed by multiple cases  as recently as last June.   In his confirmation hearings, Judge Gorsuch refused to state if he  believed Roe v. Wade was good law and should be upheld. Based on his  statements and general philosophy, I believe there is a strong  likelihood that Judge Gorsuch would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade and  deny the women of this country the constitutional right to control  their own bodies. This would be an outrage. I do not want to be a party  to allowing that to happen.   In addition, under Chief Justice John Roberts, the Supreme Court has  time and again voted in support of corporate interests and against the  needs of the working people of our country. After reviewing Judge  Gorsuch's record, I believe he will continue that trend.   In a case called TransAm Trucking, Judge Gorsuch argued that a  trucker was properly fired by his employer for abandoning his cargo at  the side of the road after his truck broke down and he nearly froze to  death waiting for help. Judge Gorsuch literally believed that this man  should have had to choose between his life and his job, and by choosing  his life--not freezing to death--he deserved to lose his job.   In another case, Judge Gorsuch ruled that a university was correct to  fire a professor battling cancer rather than grant her request to  extend her sick leave. I find these decisions troubling.   At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, when so many  working people throughout this country feel powerless at the hands of  the wealthy and the powerful and their employers, we need a Supreme  Court Justice who will protect workers' rights and not just worry about  corporate profits. I fear very much that Judge Gorsuch is not that  person.   I listened carefully to what my friend, Senator Cornyn of Texas, had  to say about this entire process. I have to say that in his remarks  there was a whole lot of obfuscation because there is a simple reality  that we are going to have to deal with in the Senate this week.  Everybody knows, and Senator Cornyn made the point, that under Harry  Reid, the former Democratic leader, the rules, in fact, were changed.  They were changed because of an unprecedented level of Republican  obstructionism, making it impossible for President Obama to get almost  any of his nominees appointed.  [[Page S2187]]    Let's not forget that in the midst of that controversial decision-- and it was a controversial decision--the Democratic leader had the  power also to say that we will waive the 60-vote rule regarding Supreme  Court nominees. Democrats had the power, and they chose not to exercise  that power in ending that rule--although, of course, they could have  done that. I think the reason was that the Democratic leadership  appropriately and correctly believed that on an issue of such  magnitude, the appointment of a Supreme Court Justice, it is important  that there be bipartisan support. But right now, it appears that the  Republican leadership is going to do what the Democratic leadership did  not do; that is, waive that rule and get their judge appointed with 51  votes.   So I would suggest to the Republican leader that instead of trying to  push this nominee through with 50-some-odd votes, it might make more  sense that, rather than changing the rule, change the nominee, and  bring forth someone who, in fact, can get 60 votes.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   