 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment preserves the National  Ocean Policy.   The National Ocean Policy is a commonsense way to facilitate  multistakeholder collaboration on complex ocean issues, and it promotes  economic opportunity, national security, and environmental protection.   Mr. Chairman, I represent a coastal district in southern California,  and I know firsthand that we can have a thriving ocean economy and, at  the same time, protect and conserve our precious ocean resources.   Off the coast of my district, there are marine protected areas, State  waters, Federal waters, and Department of Defense installations. We are  a marine life hot spot--some of the best blue whale watching happens a  few miles from our shore. We have a booming recreational fishing  sector. We have a large shellfish aquaculture ranch that is now  operating. We have beautiful beaches. We also have oil and gas activity  with some rigs right near our shores. My district is also home to the  Port of Long Beach, which is the second busiest port in the United  States.   With so much activity happening, it simply makes sense to have the  Navy at the table when NOAA is working on siting for a new aquaculture  installation. It makes sense to have the fishery management council  weigh in when oil rigs are being decommissioned, and it is a no-brainer  that NOAA, the Coast Guard, and the ports all work together to get  those massive ships in and out of port safely.   We want these collaborations to happen because we want to have a  sustainable ocean economy, and by developing regional plans and having  a framework for multistakeholder involvement, we can streamline this  process and promote a robust ocean economy that also conserves our  precious ocean resources.   Mr. Chairman, as we look to the future, the need for an overarching  policy only grows. Issues like sea level rise and ocean acidification  are too big and too serious for any one community or agency to tackle  alone. Increased aquaculture development and new technologies for  clean, local energy are creating economic opportunities but must be  thoughtfully implemented.   Prohibiting the allocation of funds to this important program would  stifle collaboration among all the stakeholders on these complex  issues, as I pointed out before, relating to environmental protection,  national security, economic opportunity, and ocean policy.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, we just heard a very interesting  argument that said that we should not support or fund the National  Ocean Policy because, instead of by executive action, it should have  been done through congressional legislation.   But I would remind everyone watching this that, prior to the  beginning of the National Ocean Policy by the previous administration,  over the 4 years before that, four bills were introduced. Each one--two  by a Republican leader, two by Democratic leaders--did what was just  asked of us: to introduce it by the Congress. It was never taken up by  the Congress in the administration prior to President Obama.   What was called the Oceans Conservation, Education, and National  Strategy for the 21st Century Act was never heard. That is why it was  done through executive action. That is why we need to continue this.  Without having coordinated ocean policy, we will have tremendous  problems as we move forward, as I pointed out, both in terms of  economic opportunity, national security, and also environmental  protection.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   