 Mr. President, one thing is for sure, this is not the  people's business. This is the business of the powerful and privileged.  Well, this is really a bank heist. How big is this bank heist? Well, it  is about $3 trillion being delivered to the very richest Americans.  Let's add it up. Changing the tax brackets for those who earn more than  $200,000, $673 billion; changing the individual alternative minimum tax  which only affects the very wealthy, $637 billion; changing the estate  tax, $83 billion; changing the corporate tax rate, most of which goes  to the advantage of the wealthiest Americans, $1.35 trillion; changing  the corporate AMT, $40 billion; and the passthrough legislation that  favors the wealthiest LLCs, $414 billion. Add it all up, and it is well  over $3 trillion. There it is--$3 trillion. It is $3 trillion for the  very richest Americans.    Is that the middle-class tax cut? Think about how much this is per  person here in the United States of America. About $8,000 per person in  America is being taxed so they can give $3 trillion to the very richest  Americans. Is that a fair, square deal?   What if we were to spend $3 trillion on the middle class? What if we  were to do that? What if we were to invest a trillion dollars of it in  infrastructure? It creates a lot of jobs today, and it creates the  foundation for a lot of jobs tomorrow and the year after.   What if we were to spend a trillion dollars on healthcare? We could  go a long way in terms of greatly amplifying the success and quality of  the work from our community health clinics--making sure, basically,  that healthcare is a fundamental, affordable right for every American.  We can do a lot on healthcare with a trillion dollars.   What could we do, I ask my Republican friends, with $1 trillion in  education? How about spending $500 billion to strengthen our K-12  system and another $500 billion to strengthen and to make college  affordable for every single American?   This $3 trillion this bill gives to the richest Americans is the  biggest bank heist not just in American history but in the history of  the world, happening here tonight and brought to us by the powerful and  the privileged.   This is absolutely unacceptable. While the rich gloat over all the  gold they are piling up--3 trillion dollars' worth--middle-class  Americans get coal in their stocking. This tax scam so favors the  wealthy that 83 percent of the benefits goes to the richest 1 percent.  Is that the middle-class bill? I don't think so.   This bill sends jobs overseas, hurting middle-class Americans.  [[Page S8137]]    This bill increases our national deficit and our national debt,  making it much harder to have programs that provide a foundation for  families to thrive.   This bill destroys healthcare for 13 million Americans. Analyst after  analyst says it will also raise insurance premiums for everyone else  who buys healthcare. Wow, talk about clobbering the middle class by  destroying healthcare for 13 million people and raising the premiums on  healthcare for everyone else buying insurance.   So over here, we have the pile of gold--$3 trillion for the richest  Americans--and over here, we have the loss of jobs shipped overseas. We  have the increased price of healthcare. We have 13 million American  people losing their healthcare.   Then we have the second phase of the Republican plan, which was  announced by the Speaker of the House last week. This week we pass $3  trillion for the wealthiest Americans, but what do we do after that? We  go after Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Security. That is the plan we  heard from the Speaker of the House.   This is a diabolical bill. This is an abomination in a government of,  by, and for the people.   How does it come to pass that we even have this bill under  consideration? I will tell you how. It is a cycle of campaign  corruption. Megabillionaires fund the campaigns for the Senate and then  have people come in here to pass this bank heist for the billionaires.  That is the cycle--Citizens United allowing unlimited funds invested by  third-party campaigns. Corruption in campaigns produced this tax scam,  this bank heist, this abomination against the people of the United  States of America.   Now, Oregon has about 1 percent of the population in the United  States. So what would be their share if we would, instead, invest that  $3 trillion in infrastructure, healthcare, and education? For Oregon,  that would be $30 billion. That is 30,000 $1 million grants to invest  in infrastructure that is needed all over our State, to invest in more  teachers all over our State, and to invest in lower cost tuition so  every child can go to a public university without debt.   But that is not what we have tonight--no. My friend across the aisle  says that we are going to wave the magic wand and we are going to give  all this money--all of this gold, all this $3 trillion--to the richest  Americans, and jobs are going to automatically appear. But it has been  analyzed by the experts. They say this barely increases the growth of  the economy--just a smidgeon, almost immeasurable.   Then, there are these countereffects. You have the challenge that  this bill will create a lot of money for companies that are going to  buy machines to replace people who work--accelerating the automation in  America that destroys jobs. This bill is going to send jobs overseas,  destroying the foundation for success for millions of American  families. This money is going to be used for stock buybacks and  dividends, enhancing the wealth of the already wealthy. That is why the  experts say this is not going to create a phenomenal growth in our  economy, a phenomenal number of jobs.   I would like to see us fight for middle-class Americans, fight for  infrastructure and jobs, fight for healthcare, and fight for education.  These are the foundations for thriving families, but that is not what  we have tonight, and that is why anyone who believes in government of,  by, and for the people should defeat this bill.   