 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 984,  the Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal Recognition  Act and I want to thank my fellow Virginian, Congressman Rob Wittman  for introducing this bill, and the gentleman from Utah, Chairman Bishop  and the gentleman from Arizona, Ranking Member Grijalva, for their  leadership and cooperation in bringing the bill to the floor.   Four hundred ten years ago, the first English settlers founded  Jamestown, Virginia. The founding of Jamestown represented a first step  in the creation of our great Republic, and the success of this colony  is owed to the help of the indigenous people of Virginia.   With this assistance, the Jamestown colony weathered a difficult  first few years in the New World before expanding, with English  colonists pushing further inland. The same Native Americans who had  helped those first settlers were pushed from their land without  compensation. Treaties, many of which precede our own constitution,  were made in an effort to compensate Virginia's Native Americans.  Unfortunately, as history has repeatedly shown, these treaties were not  often honored.   Like many other Native Americans, and many other groups who were not  white, and despite their contributions to the founding of our nation,  Virginia's Indian Tribes were pushed to the fringes of society. They  were deprived of their land, prevented from getting an education, and  denied a role in our society. Virginia's Native Americans were denied  their  [[Page H4259]]  very fundamental human rights and the very freedoms and liberties  enshrined in our Constitution.   This bill will finally grant federal recognition to the Chickahominy  Tribe, the Eastern Chickahominy Tribe, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the  Rappahannock Tribe, the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Tribe.   Federal recognition of Virginia's Indian Tribes will promote tribal  economic development and allow Virginia's tribes to flourish  culturally. Federal recognition, a process that has been ongoing for  these tribes for over 30 years, will lead to a bright future for a  whole new generation of tribe members.   Mr. Speaker, I was a member of the Virginia General Assembly in 1983  when many of these tribes first gained formal recognition from the  Commonwealth of Virginia, and I am proud to be here today supporting  federal recognition for these tribes.   The time has come for this Congress to act, and I therefore urge my  colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. McEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, earlier today, I spoke during debate on  H.R. 984, the Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal  Recognition Act of 2017.   I rise, 410 years after the first English settlers landed in what  became Jamestown, Virginia, to finally grant federal recognition to  some of the Native American tribes who met those early settlers.   Today, with passage of H.R. 984, we are recognizing the rightful  status of Virginia's tribes in our national history.   These six tribes have treaties that predate the United States but  because of the systemic destruction of their records, they have been  denied federal recognition and the services that come along with it.   We are fixing this injustice by passing H.R. 984.   Federal recognition will provide what the government has long  denied--legal protections and financial obligations.   Federal recognition will provide financial assistance for the tribes'  social services, health care and housing needs, educational  opportunities, and repatriation of the remains of their ancestors in a  respectful manner. These opportunities will allow Virginia's tribes to  flourish culturally and economically. These opportunities will lead to  a better, brighter future for the next generation.   Federal recognition is an issue I have cared about deeply since my  time in the Virginia General Assembly and I am a proud cosponsor this  legislation.   We have waited too long to recognize Virginia's tribes. I urge my  colleagues to support passage.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wittman) that the House suspend the rules  and pass the bill, H.R. 984.   The question was taken.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds  being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.   