 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in strong support of  the nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions to be the next Attorney General  of the United States. I do that as someone who has known him personally  quite well for 6 years now. I want to do this briefly because we are  pressed for time, but I want to make a few points.   First, I think we all recognize the terrific credentials that Senator  Sessions brings to this job--his career, his lifetime serving his  country, from his time in the U.S. Army Reserve, to his 12 years as a  U.S. attorney, to the 2 years he spent as the attorney general of  Alabama, all before being elected to the U.S. Senate. But much more  importantly, I am so impressed by this good man, this good and decent  man's commitment to protecting all members of our society and his sense  of fairness. Let me give a couple of examples.   It was Senator Sessions who worked with a Democratic colleague,  Senator Coons, on legislation to help women and children who were  victims of abuse. It was Senator Sessions who joined me in our  successful effort to provide hundreds of millions of dollars of  additional funds each year to victims of child abuse and sexual assault  and domestic violence.   Senator Sessions' sense of fairness is also illustrated in his  approach to law enforcement. It is probably widely known that he has  the endorsement of every major law enforcement group in America, but  Senator Sessions has also spent a lot of time and effort making sure  people on the other side of law enforcement are treated fairly and  humanely.   It was Senator Sessions who led the successful effort to eliminate  the disparity in sentences for crack users versus cocaine users,  working with Senator Durbin, a Democrat. They succeeded because Senator  Sessions understood that the disparity--the much harsher penalty on the  use of crack cocaine versus white powdered cocaine--was completely  unfair and overwhelmingly adversely affected African Americans. That  was not acceptable to Jeff Sessions.   It was Senator Sessions who in 2003 joined with Democratic Senator  Ted Kennedy in introducing and helping to successfully enact the Prison  Rape Elimination Act because of his concern about the appalling abuse  experienced by some people in our prisons. That was not acceptable to  Jeff Sessions.   Let me just say that--I am going to be very candid. The most  objectionable and offensive slander I have heard against Senator  Sessions is the notion that somehow he has some kind of racist  leanings. That is an outrageous and dishonest charge. I have known this  man very well. There is not a racist bone in his body. This is a man  who has been endorsed by many, many African-American leaders. This is a  man who personally took on the KKK every chance he had when he was  serving as the U.S. attorney. In fact, arguably, he was the reason that  the law enforcement--in fact, he personally did probably more than  anyone else to bankrupt the KKK by design so that he could destroy that  organization in Alabama, which is exactly what he succeeded in doing.   Jeff Sessions is a man who has tremendous respect for the law, a  reverence for the law, respect for the rule of law. There is absolutely  no question  [[Page S959]]  in my mind, from my own personal experience with him for these years,  that he will enforce the law vigorously and fairly.   Several of my Democratic colleagues have come down here and they have  rattled off policy areas in which they disagree with Senator Sessions.  You know what, there are areas where I disagree with Senator Sessions.  I guarantee you, there are lots of areas where I had disagreements with  the members of President Obama's Cabinet. But it never occurred to me  to expect that I would have complete agreement on every policy issue  with every candidate for a Cabinet position.   What I know about Jeff Sessions is that he is an extremely well- qualified attorney, with outstanding credentials, has spent his adult  life serving his country and his State, that he has gone to the mat to  work for people who are some of the least fortunate and people who have  been through appalling circumstances. He has been their champion. I  just know he is going to stand up for the principles of the rule of law  and equal justice before the law.   The last point I want to make is, when Republican Senators gather  periodically for our lunches and our private discussions, every  Republican Senator knows that when we are discussing something, if Jeff  Sessions believes that we are talking about doing something that is a  violation of a principle that he holds, he is going to be the first guy  who is going to stand up, and he is going to say: My colleagues, this  would be a mistake. This is not the right thing to do.   He is the one who is the first to stand up to any other member of the  conference; it doesn't matter who it is. If he thinks what they are  suggesting is not the right thing to do, not the principled thing to  do, not consistent with our role as Senators, not consistent with our  principles, Jeff Sessions is always willing to stand up for what is  right.   He will stand up for what is right as the Attorney General of the  United States. I am proud to support him, and I urge all of my  colleagues to do likewise.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.   