 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Let us be honest. There are no legitimate consumer groups who support  repealing this rule. The consumer groups are actually with the  consumers, and they want this rule.   So let us be clear. This rule is being repealed for the biggest  financial institutions in the country.   Let us be clear. I do not oppose arbitration as an option. I do  oppose it as the only alternative allowed. Very simply, you go to a  bank, they open up a bank account in your name, they steal your money,  they move it over. If you catch them, you go to the bank, you file  arbitration, they give you your $100 back and maybe a dollar's worth of  interest, and it is over.   They don't tell you there is 2 million, 3 million, 5 million other  people with the same situation who don't know about it. Because it is  arbitration, no one talks about it. It is done in private.   I am not opposed to arbitration as a way to avoid court when  possible. I am vehemently opposed to taking options away from consumers  that say you cannot individually stand for your rights. That is what  this bill does. That is all it does.   If you care about consumers, you would work with us to try to find a  simpler way. You don't want to do it. You want to help the big boys.  Good luck.    Mr. Speaker, I am glad to be outraged on this one.   About a month ago, the majority party took away the ability of people  using the internet to keep their information private. You allowed every  person on the internet, every company, to access everything about  anybody who uses the internet. The country hated it. During that entire  debate, you told America: We are out to protect you; we are protecting  you.   No one believed it, and here we are again today. You are out to  protect the consumers, with no consumer groups who agree with you. You  are basically telling people: Trust us more than you trust yourselves;  therefore, in order to do that, we will take away your right to protect  yourself in a court of law.   No one buys it. No one buys it. Leave us alone. Let me defend myself.  I don't need you to defend me. America wants to be left alone. Leave  them alone.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks  to the Chair.   