 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to support the nomination of Gov.  Sonny Perdue for Secretary of the Department of Agriculture.   As the only active farmer in the U.S. Senate, I have high  expectations of the next Ag Secretary. Over the past 2 weeks, like  millions of other farmers across this country, I have been on my farm  and out in the fields, planting peas and wheat and safflower. When you  are on the tractor day in and day out, from sunrise to sunset, you have  a lot of time to think, and over these past 2 weeks, I have been  thinking a lot about the important role Mr. Perdue will play in  strengthening rural America.   A lot has changed in the 100 years since my grandparents homesteaded  our farm. New technology and improved equipment has made us more  efficient producers, but a consolidation in the marketplace has taken  its toll on rural communities. The shrinking number of family farms has  depopulated rural communities like the one I grew up in.   Today, a combination of consolidation and low commodity prices is  taking its toll on family farmers and ranchers. Commodity prices are  low across the board. In fact, in some cases, markets are below the  cost of production. At the same time, we have seen rising input costs.  The price of fertilizer and seed is increasing at the same time that we  have seen prices decrease. To make matters worse, the big  [[Page S2480]]  guys use tough times like this to sweep up the family farms and ranches  and add to their bottom lines at the expense of hardworking folks who  are trying to keep their operations in the family.   The next Ag Secretary needs to work with Senators from rural States  like Montana to identify ways to reverse this trend of consolidation  because when a family farm goes under, the ripple is felt across the  community as schools lose funding, and the local grocery stores and  hardware stores lose customers.   Yet this is not the first time rural America has stood nose to nose  with adversity. We had adversity in the dirty thirties, and we fought  through the high interest rates of the 1970s. I know folks in rural  America will overcome adversity once again, but in order to do so, we  need an Ag Secretary who will ensure that we are supporting rural  communities, not pulling the rug out from underneath them. This means  pushing back against the draconian budget cuts that have been put  forward by this administration.   The proposed budget slashes 21 percent from the USDA. That is nearly  $5 billion. These budget cuts undermine important resources in rural  America across this country and in Montana.   The proposed budget also guts the Farm Service Agency--a one-stop  shop where farmers and ranchers sign up for critical ag initiatives. If  cuts are made to the Farm Service Agency, farmers and ranchers will  likely be forced to travel greater distances to get the assistance they  rely on to create jobs in communities like Havre and that they rely on  to put food on the tables of this country.   The proposed budget also eliminates the rural Water & Wastewater Loan  & Grant Program. When communities cannot access the resources they need  to update critical water and watershed infrastructure, rural families  suffer. Quite frankly, the White House's budget will be a nail in the  coffin for rural America.   The USDA budget needs to reflect the needs of rural communities. That  means increasing resources for farmers and ranchers and improving  access to high-speed broadband for schools, businesses, and families.  It also means boosting overhead support and loans for mom-and-pop  businesses. The next Ag Secretary needs to fight for a USDA budget that  works for rural families. Once Mr. Perdue is confirmed, I urge him to  take the initiative and fight against these damaging cuts that will  hurt rural America.   In addition to the USDA budget, we are a year away from the  expiration of the farm bill. Over the past 6 months, I have traveled  across Montana and have met with folks to discuss their priorities for  the next farm bill. With wheat prices at a decade low and with ranchers  experiencing an incredible plunge in cattle prices, it is critical that  we construct a farm bill that works for family farms and ranches. I do  not believe the next farm bill will solve all of the challenges we are  facing today, but it should give certainty to farmers and ranchers who  could be a bad storm or a cold winter away from losing their  livelihoods.   Once Mr. Perdue is confirmed, I will be asking him to take an active  role in this debate to ensure that the next farm bill meets the needs  of family farmers and ranchers. I urge Mr. Perdue to help me educate  folks in this body and in the White House that the safety net is more  than a talking point.   Preserving the safety net in the next farm bill will ensure that a  bad year does not wipe out family farms and ranches across this  country. Families in rural America want a fair opportunity to succeed,  and the farm bill should be a tool that works for small-scale  producers, not just for the big guys.   Finally, I urge Mr. Perdue to work hand in hand with us westerners to  make sure we are responsibly managing our forests. Breaking through the  management gridlock in our national forests will reduce fire risks and  will put folks back to work.   I have been a long supporter of collaborative efforts to increase  active forest management, improve recreation opportunities on our  public lands, and preserve these special places for future generations.  Republicans and Democrats have worked together to propose important  reforms that end fire-borrowing and fund our response to forest fires  like we fund other natural disasters. These are the kinds of solutions  we need to increase active forest management and put folks back to work  in the woods, and I look forward to the next Ag Secretary joining our  efforts.   The USDA has a lot on its plate, and rightfully so. There are major  issues facing our farmers and ranchers in rural communities and  national forests, and it is time to tackle these issues head-on. I  think Governor Perdue is a standup man. I appreciate our open and  honest conversations about the need to work together to strengthen  rural America, and I am more than willing to give him a fair shake, but  I will be honest. These problems are too great to ignore through the  honeymoon period. I expect Governor Perdue to hit the ground running so  we can invest in rural families, improve opportunities for farmers and  ranchers, and break through the gridlock that plagues our national  forests.   I look forward to tackling these issues with Mr. Perdue, and I  encourage my colleagues to give Mr. Perdue the same fair shake.   I yield the floor.   