 Mr. President, I want to talk about the terrible  humanitarian crisis faced by the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S.  Virgin Islands, as well as the gulf coast and the people of Florida,  who have endured the fury and ferocity of Mother Nature at its worst.   All of the people who live in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands  are Americans. First and foremost, they are Americans who are going  through one of the toughest periods of their lives, a time that no  American wants to face alone.   My message to the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands:  You are not alone. You are not alone in this humanitarian crisis.  Congress will act. We will provide the kind of relief package--food,  medicine, whatever supplies are necessary not only to endure and  survive but to eventually thrive.   That is more than just rhetoric; that is a promise this Senate must  make to our fellow Americans. These Americans citizens in Puerto Rico,  for example, have lost their homes, their businesses, their  livelihoods, and, some of them, loved ones.   I come to this floor on this issue that has preoccupied me and others  because it is truly a story of two storms. It is a tale of two  catastrophes--one of them resulting from nature's fury but the other  manmade.   We know very visibly and dramatically about the storm that directly  hit Puerto Rico, and it is called Maria. It was side-glanced by an  earlier storm that missed it with its full fury, but Maria was a direct  hit, leaving more than 60,000 American citizens without power, passing  within miles of San Juan, home to 400,000 people. It was the strongest  storm to hit the island in 80 years. The winds tore off the trees and  dumped more than 2\1/2\ feet of rain on the island. It razed houses  there and on the U.S. Virgin Islands, leaving a wasteland, crumpled  structures, scarred concrete, shells of buildings, no electricity, and  virtually no telecommunications for most people.   There are 3.4 million people in dire need of housing, food, water,  medicine,  [[Page S6121]]  diesel, gasoline--the necessities of life. There is a humanitarian  crisis in Puerto Rico that requires an immediate and unconditional  response from Congress--not from just the Senate but from the House and  from the President.   One area where the President had made an announcement today concerns  the potential matching amounts of money that Puerto Rico and the U.S.  Virgin Islands may have to provide. There should be no match. There  should be no requirement that Puerto Rico or the U.S. Virgin Islands  provide a share of the money needed for rebuilding and recovery, and  the President should waive every bit of the required matching share.  Every dime, every nickel should be waived.   That leads me to talk about the second storm that has hit Puerto  Rico. It is less visible and less recent. It is the result of a  continually building set of headwinds, a financial storm that had built  over many years and has now reduced Puerto Rico to a state of near  insolvency, virtual bankruptcy--$74 billion in debt that would have  been a severe storm for the people of Puerto Rico--not of their  making--even without the hurricane that directly hit the island.   We have an obligation as immediate and dire with respect to  rebuilding and recovering from that second storm as we do for the  first. That is the reason I have been involved over a period of many  months in seeking to construct solutions, beginning with the PROMESA  Act. And I intend--and I commit that I will continue seeking that kind  of solution, not just solutions to the buildings that have been  collapsed but to an economy that will collapse if we do not act. That  is an important obligation that we share to fellow Americans, because  this storm is not due to their neglect or profligacy; it is due to the  tax laws and healthcare laws that unfortunately failed to treat them  fairly.   Delay in meeting the astronomic costs of Hurricane Maria would be  unacceptable and unconscionable. We must act promptly. I am hopeful  that it will be this week. I am talking to our leader, Senator Schumer,  who has provided such strong vision and courage in this area. He has  been a champion of Puerto Rico, and I hope he will help us craft a  solution that is immediate, vigorous, and prompt.   The administration and Congress must ensure as well that the Federal  Government plays a robust and responsible role in funding and financing  these recovery efforts so that no additional damage is done to Puerto  Rico's already fragile economy. It is time to forgo the miasma and  bureaucratic rigmarole of Federal redtape and financing constraints,  while flooding is still an acute risk to life and health and recovery  efforts are just beginning.   The Puerto Rican Government must be granted direct and instant tools  to bring electricity back to the people, to feed the hungry, to provide  drinking water and shelter to lives that have been upended by this  unforgiving storm. All arms of the Federal Government should be brought  to bear to help our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico.   This morning, I asked the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,  Joseph Dunford, whether he would be ready, willing, and able to help  and provide additional assistance on behalf of the Department of  Defense and the military that he commands, and his unequivocal response  was yes. I commend and thank him for that willingness to help our  fellow Americans. And he affirmed they are our fellow Americans, they  serve in our military, and they give back to communities in this  country.   I am proud to represent 300,000 fellow Americans who have come from  Puerto Rico to Connecticut, and they, in turn, reflect families there.  I have spoken to friends in Puerto Rico who described to me the dire  images outside their window--similar to the images we have seen on  national television.   Puerto Rico's debt troubles are no secret to anybody here today. We  have discussed them, debated them, and failed to provide adequate  assistance to meet them. We must work on two tracks--the immediate  recovery effort in the face of this truly destructive hurricane but  also the financial peril that continues to put Puerto Rico's economy at  risk, jobs in jeopardy, and the island's precarious financial position  as much at risk as its water and roads are.   Puerto Rico's infrastructure, energy, water, schools, hospitals,  transportation, and other vital facilities necessary for a functioning  economy must be rebuilt and made whole. That is our obligation. And the  same is true of the Virgin Islands, where fellow Americans are equally  at risk, their safety in jeopardy, and their economy potentially  struggling.   We owe it to our fellow Americans and friends and families--there are  people in Connecticut who have friends and family there--and all of us  who share a love for these islands that are populated by patriotic  Americans dedicated to our country.   Thank you.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   