 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to engage in a colloquy.   Mr. Speaker, I want to first commend Chairman Brady and the Ways and  Means Committee for their outstanding work on the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act, which will provide tax relief to millions of hardworking families  and businesses.   I would like to address a small provision in the bill that  inadvertently impacts Berea College, a small private college in Berea,  Kentucky, that is a member of the federally recognized Work Colleges  Consortium.   Work colleges, by definition, do not charge their students tuition,  and they also require their students to hold jobs. For over 125 years,  Berea College has fulfilled its mission of providing a tuition-free  education to students with limited economic resources, primarily from  Appalachia, and who are often first-generation college students. Berea  pairs its strong academics with a student labor program, honoring the  dignity and utility of all work.   Berea could not fulfill its unique and special mission of providing  free tuition to all students without a healthy endowment. The Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act includes a 1.4 percent excise tax on private college  endowments over $500,000 per student. There are two federally  recognized work colleges with endowments above this level, including  Berea College in my district.   I was pleased to learn that the Senate version of the bill exempts  schools with fewer than 500 tuition-paying students from the excise  tax. This provision would effectively exempt work colleges from the  tax, because they do not charge tuition.   I understand it was never the committee's intent for this legislation  to negatively impact work colleges that use their endowments to provide  tuition-free education. In fact, I understand the intended purpose of  the excise tax is to encourage colleges to use their endowments to keep  college costs down. In this case, Berea College uses its endowments to  defray 100 percent of the cost of tuition.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his willingness to work with me  on a solution in conference, either acceding to the Senate position or  another mutually accepted solution that exempts work colleges and  allows them to continue their unique mission.    I yield to the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to adamantly dispute this false  narrative that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is only intended to benefit  the wealthiest Americans and does not benefit the middle class.   When you hear this fiction from the other side of the aisle, remember  these facts: this bill lowers tax rates on low- and middle-income  Americans. It takes the lowest 10 percent bracket to zero. It doubles  the standard deduction, meaning hardworking Americans can immediately  take home more of their paychecks. Specifically, the first $24,000 of  family income will be completely tax free under this plan.   By slashing our noncompetitive corporate tax rate, this bill will  result in more jobs and, according to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation,  it will deliver average American households a pay raise of at least  2\1/2\ percent.   With this legislation, a typical family of four earning $59,000, the  median household income, will receive a $1,182 tax cut.   Madam Speaker, that is not a tax cut for the rich. That is a tax cut  for low- and middle-income hardworking Americans, and that is a fact.   This will benefit people like Jared from Frankfort, Kentucky, who  told me: ``The extra income from the tax cut will enable us to have  some breathing room.''   It will also help constituents who are living paycheck to paycheck,  who have told me they would use these tax cuts to save for a rainy day,  make car repairs, occasionally go to a restaurant, and invest in higher  education for their kids.   I heard from my constituent in Lexington named Gary, who told me:  ``It doesn't matter how I plan to use my money. By definition, it is my  money to begin with. Trust me to spend it in the way that applies for  me.''   Gary, you are absolutely right, it is your money.   Tax relief is not about handouts. It is simply about allowing the  American people to keep more of the hard-earned income that they made.   On behalf of all of the hardworking people of central Kentucky, I  urge my colleagues to vote for Gary and to vote for all other taxpayers  who deserve to keep more of what they earned. Vote ``yes.''   