 Mr. President, our law enforcement officers and the  families who support them give so much in service to our communities.  As we were tragically reminded again last week--and this happens in far  too many places, in far too many States--some make the ultimate  sacrifice to keep us safe.   Last Friday in Kirkersville, OH, Police Chief Steve DiSario responded  to a report of a man with a gun at a nursing home. Chief DiSario did  what so many first responders do when most of us in the public run away  from danger: He ran toward it. He arrived at the Pine Kirk Care Center  to protect his community and was killed in the line of duty by a gunman  who also took the lives of two nursing home employees. Chief DiSario  was 36. He had six children and a seventh on the way.   Our thoughts and our prayers are with Chief DiSario's family and the  families of all of our first responders, who worry each day that their  loved ones may not return home. Think about that. For soldiers,  marines, sailors, police officers, and firefighters, so often when they  kiss their spouse goodbye and go to work, there is always the anxiety  at home. It is not just the sacrifice that our soldiers and our  military personnel and our police officers make; it is the sacrifice  their families make too.   Sadly, Police Chief DiSario wasn't the only Ohio officer to lay down  his life this year. In January, Officer David J. Fahey of the Cleveland  Police Department was working the scene of an accident on I-90 and was  struck and killed in a despicable act of hit-and-run.   This week in Washington, we honor the five Ohio officers killed in  the line of duty last year. Aaron Christian of the Chesapeake Police  Department was killed in a car accident while on patrol. While  conducting traffic, Trooper Kenneth Velez of Elyria was killed by a  driver under the influence of drugs. Officer Sean Johnson was the first  officer to be killed in the line of duty in the town of Hilliard when  he succumbed to injuries from a motorcycle accident during a training  exercise. Officer Steven Smith was shot and killed during a SWAT  standoff in Columbus. Officer Thomas Cottrell, Jr., of Danville was  killed in a heinous and cowardly ambush. Each of these losses is a  tragedy for a family, for a community, and for fellow police officers.   As we honor the work and sacrifices made by law enforcement  throughout Police Week, we need to offer more than kind words; we need  action to support law enforcement as they work to keep our communities  safe.   Yesterday, I was talking to Police Chief Richard Biehl of Dayton and  Youngstown Police Chief Robert Lees about what more we should do to  support officers and their families. This week, we have unanimously  passed several pieces of bipartisan legislation that will provide new  support to the officers who protect us and the families who sacrifice  alongside them.   The Public Safety Officers' Benefits Improvement Act, which Senator  Grassley introduced, will put pressure on the Bureau of Justice  Assistance at the DOJ to speed up claims processing so families of  disabled officers or fallen officers get their benefits more quickly.   We passed the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act,  introduced by Indiana Senators Donnelly and Young, to help law  enforcement agencies establish or enhance mental health services, like  peer monitoring pilot programs and crisis hotlines, for their officers.  I learned about this bill from my friend Jay McDonald from Marion, OH,  whose advocacy for police officers and their families makes a huge  difference for Ohio's law enforcement communities. He has been the  president of the Ohio Fraternal Order of Police for some time.   We approved Senator Cornyn's American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of  2017, which would allow local police departments to use Federal grant  money to hire veterans as law enforcement officers. It is a bipartisan,  commonsense idea that would open new doors for those who served our  communities and our Nation in the military and who have accrued and  developed skills that will serve well their communities in police work.   We have a solemn obligation to the children of fallen officers whose  lives are forever changed because of the heroism of their mother or  father. The bipartisan Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act--which  I have introduced with Senators Casey and Donnelly, two Democrats, as  well as two Republican Senators, Toomey and Collins--would increase  access to Pell grants for the surviving children of law enforcement who  lay down their lives for their communities. It would ensure that all  children of fallen officers are eligible for the maximum Federal Pell  grant. Of course, we can't repay the debt we owe these families, but we  can ease the burden on their children as they prepare for their future.   We need to do everything we can to ensure that officers and family  members get the benefits and help they deserve. We also need to do more  to give officers the tools they need to protect themselves. This week,  I joined a group of Senators calling for full funding of the  Bulletproof Vest Partnership.   I have written to the Department of Justice thanking them for their  work so far and urging them to speed up distributing funding we passed  as part of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. The bipartisan  bill created the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program to provide  funding to police departments to train first responders as they deal  with opioid-related incidents.  [[Page S3038]]    More and more officers are being exposed to fentanyl out in the  field. Just this week in Eastern Ohio, an officer in East Liverpool was  the victim of an accidental fentanyl overdose. He survived, but the  situation was perilous. We need to make sure officers have the  equipment they need to handle this deadly opioid look-alike--only more  toxic--safely.   Our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line each day to  protect us. This Police Week, we owe them more than gratitude; we must  show support to the selfless men and women who serve our communities  and country every single day, and we must support their actions, their  lives, and their families.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   