 Mr. President, I am pleased to join Senator Murphy to  discuss the importance of this humanitarian crisis in Yemen. As he so  cogently emphasized, this is, at once, a humanitarian crisis and also a  security crisis in the region and beyond.   I am a new member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and I  have to say that I have quickly come to admire Senator Murphy for his  forceful advocacy of our values of universal human rights and of  American international leadership. So I commend him for his leadership  on this issue in particular.   I share many of the concerns articulated by Senator Murphy with  regard to the situation in Yemen and the Saudi-led coalition there in  that country. Before getting into the specific situation in Yemen,  however, I think it is important to step back and look at the big  picture.   The world currently confronts humanitarian crises of a magnitude we  haven't seen in many, many years. Parts of Nigeria, Somalia, South  Sudan, and Yemen are all in famine or prefamine stages. According to  the United Nations, 20 million people are at risk of starvation within  the next few months in these four countries.   The Director-General of the International Committee of the Red Cross  appeared before our Senate Foreign Relations Committee just weeks ago,  and he called the crises ``one of the most critical humanitarian issues  to face mankind since the end of the Second World War.'' He warned that  ``we are at the brink of a humanitarian mega-crisis unprecedented in  recent history.''   Each of these crises are unique. They have their unique man-made  causes. But in each case, the crises are preventable. They have been  exacerbated by war and restrictions on humanitarian access. Now, they  are complicated. The situation in Yemen is certainly a complicated one.  But the United Nations calls the situation in Yemen the largest  humanitarian crisis in the world. According to their Office for the  Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, Yemen has almost 19 million  people in need of humanitarian or protection assistance, including  approximately 10 million who require immediate assistance to save their  lives or to sustain their lives.    This is an urgent matter, which is why I am so glad we have the  leadership of Senator Murphy on this matter and some of my other  colleagues on various fronts. This is why I led a 10-Member letter to  Secretary Tillerson on March 23 calling for a diplomatic surge to  address the political obstacles preventing the delivery of humanitarian  aid. I note that Senator Murphy joined me on that letter, which I  personally hand-delivered to Secretary Tillerson. It is also why I  raised the issue with Ambassador Haley in New York City. It is why I  introduced a resolution on April 5 calling for the very same thing.  Senators Cardin, Boozman, Coons, Gardner, and Rubio joined that  resolution.   Throughout this process, rather than just studying the problem, I-- working with my colleagues--have tried to focus on tangible steps we  can take to save lives and address this very troubling national  security situation. For that reason, on April 27, joined by Senator  Murphy and several other colleagues, I sent a letter to the incoming  Saudi Ambassador. Noting the important security partnership between the  United States and Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia's essential role as a  regional leader and an ally and a partner, I asked Riyadh to consider  five specific steps related to Yemen that would prevent thousands or  even millions of additional people from starving there.   There is no doubt that the Houthis and the Iranians bear a very large  portion of the blame for this whole situation. I asked our ally Saudi  Arabia to take these steps because the United States has a valuable  security relationship with Saudi Arabia and because we can oppose  Iran's activities in Yemen while ending unnecessary delays in the  delivery of desperately needed humanitarian assistance. These two goals  are not mutually exclusive.   I didn't receive a satisfactory response, so I subsequently raised  these issues with the Saudi Foreign Minister in a meeting on Capitol  Hill. In that meeting, I cited the fact--confirmed again by the  administration within the last week--that the Saudi-led coalition  continues to impose significant delays on the delivery of humanitarian  aid to the port of Hodeidah on the Red Sea. Again, this is important  because the port of Hodeidah processes roughly 70 to 80 percent of  Yemen's food and other critical imports. I mentioned to the Foreign  Minister the U.S.-funded cranes for the port of Hodeidah that would  dramatically improve the ability to offload humanitarian supplies at  that port. I expressed concerns to the  [[Page S2978]]  Foreign Minister about the humanitarian impact of an attack on the port  of Hodeidah. Yet, as the suffering of the Yemeni people continues and  even worsens, these issues regretfully remain unresolved.   According to the administration--confirmed again this morning--the  Saudi-led coalition continues to be responsible for an average of 16  days of additional delays to humanitarian shipments into the port of  Hodeidah after vessels are cleared by the United Nations Verification  and Inspection Mechanism for Yemen. Think about it. Your children are  starving to death. Perhaps your entire village is starving to death.  And you have a delay of an additional 16 days in humanitarian  shipments. Think of the impact that has on security in the region as  desperate people are forced to take desperate measures to associate  themselves with bad actors in the area. It is certainly troubling to  me.   For that reason, I have decided to cosponsor Senator Murphy's  legislation, S.J. Res. 40. Before the United States can transfer air- to-ground munitions to Saudi Arabia, the legislation requires the  President of the United States to make a number of certifications. One  of those includes a certification that Saudi Arabia and its coalition  partners are making demonstrable efforts to facilitate the flow of  critical humanitarian aid and commercial goods. I don't believe the  President could credibly make that assertion until the Saudis take some  of the steps I have called for.   As President Trump prepares his visit to Saudi Arabia, I urge him to  raise these critical issues with the Saudi Government. I urge our  President to emphasize that these are humanitarian and national  security issues that are priorities of the American people. I urge the  administration to ask the Saudi Government to take the following  concrete actions: First, renounce any intention to conduct a military  operation against the port of Hodeidah; second, redouble efforts to  achieve a diplomatic solution; third, end any delays to the delivery of  humanitarian aid caused by the Saudi-led coalition; and fourth, permit  the delivery of much needed U.S. funded cranes to the port of Hodeidah  that would permit the quicker delivery of food and medicine.   I have said it before: With more than 10 million Yemenis requiring  immediate humanitarian assistance, there is no time to waste. I stand  ready to work with our Saudi partners to fight Iran's malign influence  and to take these specific steps to begin to address the catastrophic  humanitarian situation in Yemen.   I again thank Senator Murphy for his leadership and for the  opportunity to join him on the floor today. I look forward to working  together again in the future.    It is a critical question, and it is one I have been  asking so many stakeholders involved in this issue. No one has  presented to me persuasive evidence indicating that a Saudi-led attack  on the port would result in defeat of the Houthis-Saleh bloc. No one  has presented to me evidence that I find compelling that that action  would even force the Houthis bloc to the negotiating table.   The onus ought to be on those who might take a military action--which  would exacerbate the worst humanitarian crisis in the world--to present  that evidence. I have asked for it. I haven't received it.   I think it is just as likely that an attack would push the Houthis,  as I alluded to earlier, into further alignment with and dependence on  the Iranians, with whom they are allied. That is the exact opposite of  what we are trying to accomplish in the region, as the Iranians  continue to spread their influence and their terroristic activities  across the Middle East. So this is not in the interests, as I see it,  based on all the evidence available, of the United States, UAE, or  Saudi Arabia, and it would result in both a humanitarian catastrophe  and exacerbate the national security situation.    Indeed. The last thing we want to do is to exacerbate a  situation where we already have 10 million desperate people on the cusp  of starvation or passing away on account of a lack of medical supplies.   We need assistance here, which is why it is important for the  President to elevate the importance of this issue in his conversation  with the Saudis during his coming visit, and I believe he will do so. I  believe he will do so because the international community, NGOs,  understand the importance of this. Many at the State Department and the  U.S. Agency for International Development have spoken about what a  serious crisis this is. And we don't want to be shortsighted with  respect to what a bombing of the port could catalyze.   We also need to recognize that there are other players in the Saudi  coalition that can be constructive as well. The Emirates, I would note,  have shown a willingness to be helpful on a couple of different fronts.   I had the opportunity to visit with the Crown Prince yesterday and  received his assurance that he would seek to resolve without delay a  situation related to the forward stationing of inspectors in his  country so that they can pre-inspect cargo before it goes into the port  of Hodeidah, and that would expedite the process and help mitigate a  lot of the suffering that is occurring. Also, I had an opportunity to  discuss with the Crown Prince this issue of four cranes. U.S. taxpayers  paid for these cranes. I mentioned them in my prepared remarks earlier.  And I have heard from the Crown Prince; he made a commitment there as  well. So I am grateful for his commitment, and I look forwarding to  following up with the UAE Government on this front. They are good  allies to the United States.    I say to the Senator, let me end by reiterating my  gratitude to you, of course, for your exceptional leadership, for  walking points on this issue, and I look forward to our continued work  together.   I thank all our colleagues who have engaged on this matter. And I, of  course, before the U.S. Senate here, want to invite others to engage in  this. If they have questions with respect to this matter, which is  critical for our national security, I know they can reach out to the  Senator or me, and it is imperative that we send a respectful message  to the administration that we think this is something that needs to be  addressed in the near term.    I have nothing else to say.    Mr. President, I rise to join the senior Senator from  Indiana in voicing my strong support for the Law Enforcement Mental  Health and Wellness Act of 2017. During Police Week, I wish to take a  minute to thank all of our men and women in blue who stand on the  frontlines to protect our communities.   I have four young children. Since they could barely talk, my wife and  I taught them that if they need help, they should dial 911, and the  police would respond.   Every day our law enforcement communities around the country live  their lives to answer these calls and to help our fellow citizens.  Sometimes the job is as simple as reuniting a child with their parent  at the park or at a store, but other times they see horrific scenes  that no one should have to experience in their lifetimes or they  experience traumatic stress in the performance of their jobs.   Ultimately, police officers see the best and the worst of humanity,  which can take a heavy emotional toll, but who is there to answer the  call for help when they need it after experiencing such trauma on a  regular basis?   A couple of weeks ago, Senator Donnelly and I introduced the Law  Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act. This legislation is for  those who answer that call. This bill works with the relevant Federal  agencies, mental health providers, and broader law enforcement  communities to offer opportunities for care.   When our police force is healthy, when it is strong, our communities  are healthy and strong as well. That is why it is vital that we provide  our Nation's law enforcement with the resources they need as they put  their health and their lives on the line in order to protect our  communities day in and day out.   This includes supporting law enforcement agencies' efforts to protect  and strengthen the mental health and wellness of their respective law  enforcement officers. I am confident that this bill will have a  positive impact on the mental health and wellness of law enforcement  officers across the country.   I look forward to the findings of DOJ's collaborative reports, the  efficacy of the peer mentoring pilot programs, and the results of the  Department's study into the creation of a crisis hotline for law  enforcement officers.   With that said, I thank Indiana's senior Senator for his hard work in  drafting this legislation and allowing for my input and those of my  colleagues. It has been my pleasure to work with Senator Donnelly on  this, and I look forward to continuing our work together on behalf of  all Hoosiers in the future.   In fact, this legislation drew upon efforts undertaken by Hoosiers at  the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department. In 2010, Indiana's  IMPD recognized the need to address law enforcement mental health and  wellness by creating the Office of Professional Development and Police  Wellness. The IMPD captain, Brian Nanavaty, led the effort to establish  the office and has recently promoted its motto: ``Healthy Hire--Healthy  Retire: Wellness is more than just an annual physical.''   Senator Donnelly and I are proud that the Law Enforcement Mental  Health and Wellness Act has passed the Senate and is one step closer to  being signed into law, contributing to the efforts of the IMPD.   As I close, I want to recognize the leadership of a fellow Hoosier,  U.S. Representative Susan Brooks, and her colleagues in the U.S. House  who introduced this legislation. This bill has received bipartisan,  bicameral support in Congress, widespread support from several law  enforcement organizations, and, frankly, support across the country  from rank-and-file Americans who understand that this is a problem we  have an obligation to address. We are all with you. Now we call upon  all of our colleagues in the House to act on this important legislation  and send it to the President's desk for his signature.   Let me finish with these words of heartfelt gratitude: Thank you to  our law enforcement community for always answering the call.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   