 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a number of Senators have inquired about  the status of the tax legislation and, particularly, the prospect of a  real conference committee. It is clear that Republicans are talking  among themselves, but apparently they feel, with respect to Democrats,  this is a conference in name only.   What I would like to do is spell out what we know to date and talk a  bit about what would really be in the public's interest. Specifically,  late last night, the public learned through the press that Republicans  have made no progress--their words, not mine--with respect to the tax  bill.   They said that all of the major issues were still outstanding. Then,  when all of them got up and made their way through their breakfast  cornflakes, we were told that, magically, everything had just been  worked out--that everything was worked out and that this bill would be  ready to go.   I know they have been trying to move at the speed of light. We had  yet another dose of fake math yesterday when the Treasury Department  reported its so-called analysis to project that this bill would  generate great growth, when, in fact, it comes up $1 trillion short. So  I would like to make sure the public understands what is on offer as of  right now.   My sense is, with respect to the key issue, which is the well-being  of the middle class, millions and millions of middle-class people are  going to get hurt by this legislation, millions of them very quickly-- for example, millions are going to lose their health insurance  coverage. Millions more are going to have high premiums. By 2027, half  of the middle class in America will actually be paying more in taxes.   Senate Republicans seem to be talking about a variety of issues, but  not one of the tax issues they are talking about involves bettering the  quality of life for America's middle class. We don't hear any  discussion of that. We hear plenty of discussion about multinational  corporations. We hear plenty of discussion about rates. We hear  discussions about pass-through businesses. But all of this is really  like rearranging the chairs at the country club. Maybe one day the  multinational corporations will do a little bit better; maybe the next  day well-off heirs will do a little better. What I heard at my recent  town hall meetings is that the American people want to make sure that  the middle class is not always getting the shaft. They want to make  sure, for example, that in the tax law, the breaks for the  multinational corporations aren't permanent and the breaks for the  middle class aren't temporary. They want everybody to have a chance to  get ahead. It is not too late to change course.   There are 17 moderate Democrats, led by our colleagues Senator  Manchin and Senator Kaine, who have said that they are hungry for a  bipartisan approach to bringing both sides together. I have introduced  two comprehensive, bipartisan bills with senior conservative  Republicans--close allies of Mitch McConnell's. We have made it very  clear that we want a bipartisan bill.   In that all of these changes are now being discussed and our fellow  Americans can read about them in the press, take a look and see if you  see one idea--even one--that is going to make life better for the vast  majority of working Americans, the folks who work so hard day in and  day out, who are walking on an economic tightrope, trying to save money  and trying to educate their kids. We don't hear about one single idea-- not one--that would make life better for the middle class.   We will have more to say about this tomorrow as, I gather, there may  be some kind of ceremonial conference committee that is scheduled as  they try to sort through all of these reports that they are getting  from lobbyists on K Street because, I guess, lobbyists know lots about  what the Republicans in the leadership and on the conference committee  are talking about.   I want Americans to just read through all of this and look, line by  line, to try to find anything that is going to make life better for the  middle class, because I cannot find it. That, as much as anything,  shows what is wrong with the way this legislation is being pursued.   What a difference from the way Ronald Reagan pursued tax reform.  Ronald Reagan said point blank that the working person should at least  get as good a deal as the investor. He said that we ought to have the  same rate of taxation for workers as we have for investors. In fact,  with Ronald Reagan--and I voted for his bill--the corporations, in  effect, gave up some money to help the workers. Now what we are seeing  is the workers getting the short end of the stick so that the  multinational corporations can do even better. We will have more to say  tomorrow.   I urge people to look through all of these stories and all of these  press reports and see if they can find anything that involves a change  to make life better for the hard-working middle class of our country.    Mr. President, I think that we are going to be joined here  in a few moments by our colleague, the senior Senator from Illinois,  Senator Durbin, who, for years and years, has been leading the fight  for the Dreamers--for the young people who are affected by DACA. He may  be tied up for a bit, but as we begin--because we are going to be in a  colloquy on some of these issues--I want to recognize his extraordinary  contributions.   Nobody has been more focused and more relentless in terms of standing  up for the rights of the Dreamers--the young people and the families  who are caught up in DACA--than Senator Durbin, the senior Senator from  Illinois, and I want to make sure that his role is recognized at the  outset.   I and Senator Merkley have spent a lot of time talking to these young  people at home in our State, and we have held special forums on it. I  am just stunned at what wonderful young people these folks are.  Inevitably, their grades are at the top of their classes. They seem to  be working two jobs, and they are sending money to relatives. They are  just doing everything that we associate with hard work and thrift and  ingenuity and with what has made our country so unique and so special  in the world.   I want to talk a little bit about what I have heard and also set the  record straight with respect to DACA, because there is an awful lot of  reckless talk about this legislation, and much of it just does not  resemble the truth. Misinformation is being spread to discredit DACA  recipients and their contributions to the country, and those innocent  lives are being damaged. Right now, Dreamers face the very real and  frightening threat that they may be ripped away from the only lives  that they know and the only country that they have ever known, and I  want to spell out why.   The Congress is now up against an artificial deadline that was  created by this President in his scrambling to come up with a solution  for the 11,000 DACA recipients in Oregon and the hundreds of thousands  all over the country. If nothing is done in the Congress this year, we  know that these young people are going to be fearful, and they are  going to go into the holidays while wondering what is ahead for them  and their families. I just feel so strongly that they deserve better.  They shouldn't be hanging in suspended animation--wondering what is  going to happen to them, living in fear. My hope is that there will be  action taken this year to help these young people. I feel so strongly  that the end-of-the-year wrapup legislation has to include legislation  to finally allow these young people to realize their hopes and dreams  in this country.   In his statement that announced the end of the DACA Program, the  Attorney General said that our country must enforce our immigration  laws, and he implied that the failure to enforce the laws somehow puts  our country at risk of crime, violence, and terrorism. I can just say  that, based on everything I have seen in Oregon, DACA recipients have  not put our country at an increased risk of crime and terrorism,  because, in fact, they are vital contributors to our Nation's success,  including many who serve in our military.   It is just wonderful, and it is so good to see our colleague from  Nevada here, who, along with Senator Durbin, has championed the rights  and interests of these young people. I know that she is going to speak  shortly because she has seen the real-life consequences--the dangers-- that are being inflicted on our young friends, our neighbors, and those  who are so fearful about what will happen if Congress does not act  before the end of the year.   This is not an abstraction for those like Mariana Medina, whose  family  [[Page S7966]]  brought her to the United States when she was 3. She went on to  graduate from Tigard High School, which is just outside my hometown of  Portland. This past June, Mariana graduated from Portland State  University with a bachelor's degree in political science. She speaks  eloquently and powerfully about how she really wants to give back to  the people of Oregon by helping the children and the families who are  most in need of help. What a wonderful role model Mariana is.   The debate is just as real for Ricardo Lujan, who graduated from  Southern Oregon University in the spring. Ricardo is now the  legislative director for the Oregon Student Association. There, he has  been a strong advocate for legislation to give Oregon Dreamers a chance  to get their own higher education degrees.   Ricardo worked full time while going to school full time in order to  pay for essentials. He said: I want to make sure that I am contributing  to affording an apartment and a car. He said that without DACA, he  would not have his bachelor of science degree today. He said that this  law is a beacon of hope to young people like himself.   In Oregon, there are now an estimated 11,000 Dreamers. All of these  young people have parents and brothers and sisters and friends and  people who know them in the community because they always want to help  and chip in. They have roots in these communities. They have well-laid  plans to work hard in school, make something of their lives, and start  families of their own here in our country.   It seems to me that with the groundswell of support for these  Dreamers, before the end of this year, this Congress ought to be able  to come up with a bipartisan, fair way to put an opportunity path  forward for these young Americans. The effort from the White House, I  have to say, and I regret it, to punish these young people and split  families seems to run contrary to the values we hold dear as Americans.   Our government, by the way, made a promise to these young people when  the government encouraged them to share their stories publicly, submit  to background checks, and pay taxes. That was something the government  urged these young people to do--come forward, pay taxes, submit to  background checks. We want to make sure that we are in a position--and  I was hopeful when I heard about that pledge--to take action based on  the fact that these young people were willing to come forward and say:  We want to be contributing members of our country. We want to make sure  that when the government asks us to come forward, we do. And they did  so.   I close with this, because I know my colleague wants to speak-- perhaps on the same subject--it would be wrong to turn our backs on  these exceptional young people. I know my colleague from Nevada is  going to keep fighting tooth and nail alongside so many of our  colleagues.   Senator Durbin was going to join me for a colloquy on some of these  issues, and with the end of the year legislation barrelling toward us,  I think he was detained, but I want to thank him for his leadership. In  fact, he has joined us now.   With the indulgence of my friend from Nevada, I would like to  recognize my colleague from Illinois because no one in this Senate has  put in the time or shown the tenacity and the years-long commitment to  make this fight for justice for the Dreamers and those who are trying  to work their way through the DACA Program to a better future for  themselves and their communities. So I am very grateful to the Senator  from Illinois.   I had mentioned in his absence that we thought at one time we would  have a full-scale colloquy, and I have pretty much used up my time in  terms of making some of the points about issues we have raised. With  the indulgence of our friend from Nevada, I want to again thank the  Senator from Illinois. We are on the cusp of being able to finally get  justice to these Dreamers and those in DACA, and I want this body and  people who are following this issue to know that we would not be in  this position without the help and the advocacy of the senior Senator  from Illinois.   I appreciate my friend from Nevada allowing us to have time for the  Senator from Illinois.   