 Mr. President, before he leaves the floor, let me just  commend my friend from Connecticut on a very thoughtful statement. He  has worked on these issues for many years since his days as attorney  general in Connecticut. He is, in my view, the Senate's best lawyer. So  it is great to have a chance to team up with him and our colleagues.   I think this issue can really be summed up in a sentence, and that is  this: Without net neutrality, you do not have a free and open internet  because the essence of the internet--and I will explain what we have  today--would simply not be the same.   Today--and this is what net neutrality is all about, in a sentence-- after you pay your internet access fee, you get to go where you want,  when you want, and how you want, and everybody is treated the same.  From the most affluent person in America to those who are walking on an  economic tightrope every single day, they all can use the internet to  get access to those fundamental opportunities that are so essential to  increasing the quality of life for our people. This, for example, is  how a young person will have a chance to learn. If they are in a small,  rural community in Colorado, Oregon, or elsewhere, this is how they get  access to the kind of information that affluent kids get, who might  live in Beverly Hills or Palm Beach or in any one of a number of  communities where there are affluent people. This is what puts that  youngster on the same plane as the affluent person. This is how, for  example, those who are searching for jobs can go to the net and quickly  get access to information where they will have a chance to get ahead.   The internet--and a free and open internet--is particularly important  to our startups, the innovators, and the small businesses that we are  all counting on to have a chance to grow big. When you talk,  particularly, to the small tech startups, they will say: Our goal is to  be Google or Facebook. Innovation is what makes it possible to have  those kinds of dreams. If you are starting small, with real net  neutrality, as I have described it, you have the same chance to succeed  as everybody else in America.   Now the challenge here is that very powerful interests--the cable  companies, for example--want to change that. They want to change what I  described as net neutrality. They would like to set up what they call  priority lanes, special lanes, or toll lanes, where, if you pay more,  you can get access to more. You can get access to more content, and you  can get access to data and information more quickly.   What this really does is that it means those other people I was  talking about--that startup trying to come out of the gate and be a  success in the marketplace, students, and people who need information  about healthcare and jobs and the like--are not treated the same way as  the people with the deep pockets. All of a sudden their access to data  and information is going to be different. It might be slower. Maybe  they will not get it at all.   The big powerful interests aren't going to tell everybody in America  that they are against net neutrality. They will not be holding rallies  saying: We have gotten together to oppose net neutrality. They will not  be showing up in Denver, Minneapolis, Portland, or anywhere else and  saying: We are against net neutrality. The reason they can't is because  the public overwhelmingly supports net neutrality, as I have described  it.   They are going to say things like this: They are for net neutrality,  but they just don't want all this government associated with what they  have. They will be for voluntary net neutrality.   I know the Presiding Officer of the Senate has young children as  well. I can tell you that we are about as likely to make voluntary net  neutrality work as we are to get William Peter Wyden, my 9-year-old  son, to voluntarily agree to limit himself to one dessert with his  deciding whether he has met his limit. It is not going to happen.   Voluntary net neutrality isn't that different than what we have had  in a lot of instances before we had real net neutrality. The big cable  companies and others were always looking for dodges and loopholes, and  they found ways to tack on fees and the like because that has always  been their end game. Boy, it is a lawyer's full employment program  because they have the capacity to litigate this.   So this idea that people are going to hear a lot about in the next  few weeks--that they are really for net neutrality, but we will just  make it voluntary--I want people to understand that the history of  those kinds of approaches is not exactly sterling. I think it is about  as likely to be successful as limiting my kid to voluntarily holding  back on dessert.  [[Page S3948]]    I also want to make clear what our challenge is going to be about  because the Federal Communications Commission--Senator Blumenthal  talked about it and others--is going to be making decisions on this  before too long. We know where the votes are. This is going to be a  long battle, but one of the reasons I wanted to come to the floor today  is to say that this is another one of these issues that is going to  show that political change doesn't start in Washington, DC, and then  trickle down to people. It will be bottom-up, as more and more  Americans find out what is at stake here.   A few years back, I would say the Presiding Officer of the Senate-- and I see my colleague from the Finance Committee here, as well--and my  colleagues will remember the PIPA and SOPA bills. These were the bills,  PIPA and SOPA, that were anti-internet bills. As with so much, people  can have a difference of opinion, and the sponsors said: We have to  fight piracy. We have to fight piracy, people ripping everybody off  online. To fight piracy, we will use these two bills to kind of change  the architecture of the internet, particularly the domain name system,  which is basically the phone book of the internet.   I looked at it, and I said: We are all against piracy. We are against  people selling fake Viagra, or whatever it is online, but why would we  want to wreck the architecture of the internet in order to deal with  it? There are other kinds of remedies.   So I put in a bill with a conservative Republican in the other body  to come up with an alternative approach, and I put a hold on PIPA and  SOPA. Here in the Senate, at that time, 44 Senators were cosponsors of  that bill. That is an army--out of the 100, 44 Senators.   Everybody said: You know, Ron is putting a hold on it, and, well, he  is a nice guy and, you know, he is from Oregon.   Everybody smiled, and I said: OK, I understand that you think this is  going to be a slam dunk, but I think I will tell you that you should  know that there are more Americans who spend more time online in a week  than they do thinking about their U.S. Senator in 2 years, and they  aren't going to be happy with a whole bunch of powerful interests  messing with the internet, just as we are doing with this situation  where people want to unravel real net neutrality.   So a vote was scheduled on whether to oppose my hold--in effect, lift  my hold--on this flawed bill, and 4 days before the vote, more than 10  million Americans called, texted, tweeted, and logged in to say to  their Senator: Do not vote to lift Ron Wyden's hold.   About 36 hours after Americans had weighed in, the Senate leadership  called me, not very happy, and said: You won. We are not going to have  a vote. Your hold has prevailed.   I bring this up only by way of saying that it is going to take that  same kind of grassroots uprising for Americans who want to keep real  net neutrality, which is what you have after you pay your internet  access fee, and you get to go where you want, when you want, and how  you want, and everybody is treated equally in those efforts. For all of  us who want to keep that, we need to understand that we are in for a  long battle. We know where the votes are at the Federal Communications  Commission, but that is just the beginning. That is just the beginning.   So now is the time to make your voice heard. Go to  battleforthenet.com so your voices can be heard. Make sure that Donald  Trump's FCC Commissioner knows your view that the internet is better  and stronger with real net neutrality protections. Americans have only  until July 17 to do this.   I have already been speaking out in other kinds of sessions. So I  think I will leave it at that.   I wish to close by saying again that without real strong net  neutrality, which is what we have today, we will not have a free and  open internet for all Americans to enjoy. So I come to the floor to say  this is going to be a long battle. Nobody thought we had a prayer to  win the fight to protect the internet that was PIPA and SOPA, and I am  sure a lot of people are saying that this is another one where the  powerful interests are going to win.   I say to the Senate again: Not so fast. You are going to see the  power of Americans speaking out. I urge all the people of this country  who are following what goes on in the Senate today and in the days  ahead to be part of this effort, because I think if they do, if we show  that political change isn't top-down but bottom-up, it is going to be a  long battle, but we will win, and our country will keep a bedrock  principle of the free and open internet, which is real net neutrality.   I yield the floor.   