 Mr. President, I would like to echo what my esteemed  colleague from Missouri has outlined in the last few minutes. His  leadership on this issue is pronounced, and his experience on this  floor is not to be underestimated. I appreciate his leadership on this,  and I appreciate the opportunity to weigh in on this.   Before my remarks today on this historic opportunity before us right  now to finally, after 30 years, become competitive again with the rest  of the world, I would like to preface my remarks with a personal  comment. My mom and dad were schoolteachers. We were middle class. I  grew up working on our family farm. My mom and dad were really the  first two in their extended families who had ever been to college. All  of my relatives were farmers in the South.   I think the Tax Code that we have had for the last 100 years, since  it was instituted in our country, has created an imbalance. We can see  right now that we are losing competitiveness with the rest of the  world. We have a growing disparity among income levels in this country,  borne out somewhat by the derivative results of an archaic, out-of- control, out-of-date, and inappropriate tax policy.   Today, we have two crises in America. I have spoken on this floor a  lot about this. We have a global security crisis that cannot be argued  against. It is deadly. It is serious. We also have a debt crisis, and  they are interwoven because of our inability to discipline ourselves on  this floor over the last 30 years, particularly the last 16 years. We  now have $20 trillion of debt, and that is the result of an explosion  in the size of our Federal Government.   In 2000, the size of our government--these are constant 2016 dollars.  The size of our government in 2000 was $2.4 trillion. ``Trillion'' is a  big number, and it gets a lot of zeros out there. I have a hard time  even digesting what that is. But 2.4--I can relate to the size that it  is today, and it was $4 trillion last year. So our Federal Government  has grown over 60 percent in 16 short years. There was one Republican  President and one Democratic President. My experience here in the last  2 years has been that there are no innocent parties in terms of this  out-of-control spending on the part of the Federal Government.   One of the solutions to this debt crisis is a growing economy.  President Trump, from day one, has said that growing the economy is job  one, but it was part of a bigger strategy in his first year.   There were four components to the strategy in the first year. One was  that we had to get Neil Gorsuch confirmed to the Supreme Court, and  that was done. Second, we had to roll back on some of the more onerous  regulations that were stifling the very life out of the free enterprise  system. To date, over 800 regulations have been removed from our  government. Third was healthcare. We are still trying to fix a  collapsing ObamaCare system that is hurting people back home. Lastly,  we had to reform our tax package so that we could become competitive  with the rest of the world and get our economy going again.   Job one this year was to get the economy going again. To some degree,  it is beginning to move. Consumer confidence is at a 16-year high. CEO  confidence is at a 20-year high. Why? Because they finally see rhetoric  in Washington talking about the things they have been asking for for  over 10 years, and that is relief from some of the pressure the Federal  Government has put on the free enterprise system that keeps us from  being competitive with the rest of the world.   I have lived around the world, and I have run businesses. I started  my career working for an hourly wage in construction. I understand that  America--and I can say this with some authority--has some of the best  workers anywhere in the world and in the history of the world. On the  back of that, we have innovation, capital formation, and the rule of  law. That is what has created this economic miracle over the last 7  years, but we have taken it for granted. What we have done is allow  other countries because of our immigration policy, because of our tax  policy, and because of our regulatory policy, particularly of late--we  have lost our competitive edge.   We believe that to get this economy going, President Trump is right.  I am absolutely committed to the strategy President Trump has laid out.  It really is only three things, and we have already started on two with  his leadership.   No. 1 is regulatory reform, which I talked about.   No. 2 is that we have to get this energy policy going. What the  President has already done with the Keystone Pipeline and the Clean  Power Plan has set the stage to allow us to become the energy czar, if  you will, of the next century right here in North America.   Lastly--and maybe most importantly--is to get this Tax Code so we can  be competitive with the rest of the world. Let's talk about what  competitive means. In 1986, the last time we actually made any real,  substantive change to the Tax Code, the United States, after those  changes, had the third lowest corporate tax rate in the world. What  that did is allow us to compete with the rest of the world and set the  stage for the next 10 to 15 years of economic boom that is now part of  history.    What has happened now, though, is that the rest of the world has  caught up. They have lowered their corporate tax rates. They have  simplified their regulatory environment and taken the burden off some  of their people. Today we have absolutely the highest corporate tax  rate in the world, and we are the last country of the major OECD  countries--the 39 countries--to actually still have a repatriation tax.  This is unbelievable. We have been so arrogant as a country that we  have let the rest of the world outrun us to the next stop, and they are  now outcompeting us.   How does this affect the average man and woman on the street? Well,  this I believe--the repatriation tax and indeed the lack of  competitiveness in our Tax Code--is an absolute tax on American  workers. Why? Because right now, twice as many companies in the United  States are being purchased by companies outside our country, as  compared to companies that our U.S. companies are buying outside the  United States. That is nothing but a reflection on the  [[Page S6174]]  imbalance of our high tax environment here at home, and the people who  suffer from that are the people who buy products in the United States  and the people who work for companies that sell products in the United  States. By companies, I am talking about friends of mine who have small  businesses in South Georgia and have four employees. I am also talking  about friends who run large corporations, multinational corporations.  All of the above contribute to our economy.   We have unwanted acquisitions. Just look at recent history. Burger  King was bought by a Canadian firm, Timmy's. Look at the beer industry  in St. Louis. Today, most of those companies are owned by Brazilians  and Belgians. These are not mean CEOs who decided to move their  corporate headquarters, no. This is a reflection of a competitive  disadvantage in which someone outside the country has used our Tax Code  and our tax dollars to actually buy U.S. companies to the detriment of  U.S. workers. How can anyone be against lowering our corporate tax rate  and doing away with this repatriation tax?   The Business Roundtable in 2004 documents--and this is interesting-- that if our corporate rate today were just 20 percent, over 4,700  companies that have been purchased over the last couple of years would  still be in the United States. I think that is tantamount to a marching  order for us here in the Senate to make this change.   The way forward is very simple. This is what is talked about in this  tax package that we are beginning to talk about publicly, and this is  only after 9 months of regular order in committee with multiple  hearings. We heard in the healthcare debate: Oh, this is not regular  order. We didn't have the chance to talk about it and put amendments in  and all this.   Well, this time, in tax, it will be by regular order. There will be  amendments. There will be debates. There have already been multiple  hearings. We are looking for input from all corners.   This strategy has three parts: One, we have to lower this tax on our  American workers--lower the corporate tax rate to be competitive with  the rest of the world. Two, eliminate this repatriation tax as every  other country in the world has done. And, last, we have to simplify our  individual Tax Code.   My mom and dad were schoolteachers. They were proud of their ability  to pay their taxes, but they were burdened by that. Right now, we don't  need to do that. We have to find a way to make this Tax Code more  equitable for everyone.   Nearly 90 percent of Americans want the code changed. Over two-thirds  think taxes are too high. Almost two-thirds say that lowering the  corporate tax rate--again, they get the fact that this tax rate is  lower in the rest of the world and that it is a penalty on the workers  here in the United States.   Nearly every CEO surveyed by the BRT, Business Roundtable, said that  delays on tax would damage our economy. Here is why. We just heard the  Senator from Missouri talk about timing. We have to have a sense of  urgency on this for one reason; that is, if you want to affect the  economy next year, you have to get this done this year. Budgets are  being finalized for next year right now. Capital investments have  already been made in terms of determining how much and where and how  soon they will be making it. More importantly, during the back half of  next year, we will have the holiday season, which offers up a  significant portion of our retail sales for the year, and those  decisions are being made right now--before the purchases that are made  next spring.   We have major CEOs weighing in on this. Randall Stephenson, CEO at  AT&T, said that if we get the corporate tax rate lowered, ``We will  step it up''--meaning their capital investments. ``Every additional  billion dollars . . . is 7,000 hard-hat jobs putting fiber in the  ground, cell sites up, and antennas on cell sites.''   David Abney, CEO of UPS, said: ``We'd like to bring some of those  foreign earnings back, invest them into our network here.''   Finally, Mark Weinberger is the CEO of one of the major accounting  firms we have here in the United States. They are multinational, so  they have experience around the world in this with Ernst & Young.  Actually, through these tax changes, they will stand to lose revenue  because we are simplifying how people calculate what they owe in  taxes. His quote is this: ``I think it's truly a bipartisan issue''--I  agree--``something everybody can rally around . . . it's urgent for our  country.''    To get this done, we have to move past partisan politics and  Washington games. We saw how we disappointed the American people--both  sides. The Democrats in 2009 crammed ObamaCare down the throats of  America through a supermajority. We now know it has failed. Republicans  were not able to fix it this year, so far. So we all need to look at  this tax issue as a bipartisan issue to fix this once and for all for  the people back home.   We can't get bogged down in this scoring--this financial modeling  that is only done this way in Washington. People back home don't run  their small businesses this way. They don't run big businesses this  way. They sure don't run their personal finances this way. We can't get  bogged down in bad numbers and bad timing coming from the Congressional  Budget Office--not this time. It is too important. The only score that  matters to me is GDP growth and the jobs that it creates--the change of  lives that it can affect for the people back home.   I hear people talking all the time: I work part time; can you help me  get more hours? Wages at the low-income level have not grown at all in  the last 30 years. That is terrible in the United States. We can fix  that. It is a function of the thing I am talking about right now-- American companies that lost their competitiveness because of the rules  here in Washington. This is a 1-percent increase in our GDP. Say we  grow from 1.9 percent to 2.9 percent. That alone is $3 trillion of  revenue over the next 10 years. That is doable. Everybody in this room  knows that.   But we have to change this Tax Code to put people back to work, to  get our economy going again, and to become competitive with the rest of  the world. The end result will be to address, finally, this debt  crisis.   The reason we want this Tax Code changed is to put people back to  work and to change lives here in America. But the long-term benefit of  this is that it gives us more flexibility and more capital with which  to solve this long-term debt crisis. Growing the economy alone will not  fix this debt crisis, but we will not fix the debt crisis unless and  until we fix this Tax Code.   We need to have a sense of urgency like never before in order to get  this done this year. I echo the comments of my colleagues, and I thank  you for this opportunity.   I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from North Carolina.   