 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about President  Trump's selection of David Friedman to serve as the U.S. Ambassador to  Israel.   Our relationship with Israel is of tremendous importance. We are  strong allies, and we have a strong military, diplomatic, economic, and  cultural relationship with the State of Israel. As a Jew, the  importance of that relationship is something that I feel in my bones,  and as a Senator, working to  [[Page S1957]]  make our relationship with Israel stronger is a major priority. I  strongly believe that part of strengthening that relationship is doing  everything we can to help make progress toward a peaceful resolution of  the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Helping to resolve that conflict has  consistently been one of the top diplomatic priorities of the United  States.   There are very important implications in this selection for the  Israeli people, the Palestinian people, the Middle East region, and  even beyond. We need an Ambassador who can rise to the challenge,  someone who can bring the parties together for negotiations and be  regarded as legitimate in the eyes of all parties. Mr. Friedman is not  that man.   Mr. Friedman's past conduct demonstrates that he lacks the tools one  needs to be a good diplomat. For starters, diplomacy is about choosing  your words carefully. It is about reasoning with those with whom you  disagree. Diplomacy means not resorting to insults and to name-calling  when you have a disagreement, which is something that Mr. Friedman has  done time and time and time again.    In an op-ed he penned for the newspaper Arutz Sheva, Mr. Friedman  called supporters of the American Jewish Organization J Street ``far  worse than kapos.''   Now, for those who don't share the history, I was born in 1951, and I  grew up with the holocaust and the stories of the holocaust pounded  into my head, and I know what ``kapos'' are. It is the term that refers  to Jews who collaborated with the Nazis--with the Gestapo, the guards  at the concentration camps during the holocaust. When asked to  repudiate his statement on J Street, Mr. Friedman refused, and in fact  doubled down, stating ``They're not Jewish, and they are not pro- Israel.'' For those who don't know, J Street is a pro-Israel  organization dedicated to the two-state solution--a goal that is shared  by successive U.S. administrations, both Democratic and Republican. The  two-state solution is the only way to keep Israel a Jewish State and a  democracy.   Mr. Friedman's smearing of our fellow Jews--my fellow Jews, many of  whom are members of J Street, this is a calumny. This should be a  disqualifier for someone seeking to represent the United States in the  State of Israel. Mr. Friedman's statement shows that he lacks  understanding of history--of our history, the history of the Jewish  people--it shows he is intolerant of opposing views, and he is  profoundly insensitive. That is probably why so many of my fellow Jews  have reached out to me, have urged me to reject his nomination.   Mr. Friedman's offensive remarks don't stop there. He regularly  insults those with whom he disagrees. He even called me a clown and a  moron after I pointed out the anti-Semitic stereotypes evoked in the  Trump campaign's final ad. As I told Mr. Friedman when we met in my  office, I have been called a moron before--that kind of thing happens  in campaigns all the time--but as I also reminded him, part of being a  diplomat is being diplomatic.   Now, while I have serious concerns with Mr. Friedman's temperament,  my biggest issue with this nominee is his lack of commitment to the  peace process. For example, right after being nominated to serve as  Ambassador, Mr. Friedman stated that he ``looked forward to doing this  from the U.S. embassy in Israel's eternal capital, Jerusalem.''   It has been a longstanding policy of the United States to recognize  Tel Aviv as the capital of Israel. This policy has been viewed by  successive administrations as important for helping maintain regional  stability and peace with Israel and its neighbors. An abrupt change in  this tradition would make it more difficult for the United States to  play the role of arbiter, to achieve peace and security between the  Israelis and the Palestinians. At a time when we need to reduce  tensions in the region, Mr. Friedman was sending the exact wrong  message. What I find even more troubling is Mr. Friedman's support for  settlement building. Successive U.S. administrations have recognized  that new settlements are barriers to peace. Mr. Friedman has served as  president and has been actively fundraising for the American Friends of  Beit El, the nonprofit that supports the expansion of that settlement-- expansion which is illegal under international law, an expansion deep  inside of Palestinian territory.   How can we possibly help advance peace between the two parties with a  man who believes there ought to be more settlements--one of the very  things that observers on both sides of this conflict recognize as a  significant obstacle to peace. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict has  remained intractable for far too long, proving a hardship--a tragedy-- for Israelis and Palestinians both and impacting regional and even  global security. I believe--I am convinced that a just and lasting  agreement between the two parties on a two-state solution, though very  difficult, can and must be achieved. Confirming David Friedman as  Ambassador of the United States to Israel will only serve to make that  job more difficult, if not impossible, and in my mind would be a  tragedy.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on the Friedman nomination.   I thank the Presiding Officer.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   