 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 3043, the Hydropower Policy  Modernization Act.   Mr. Chair, I believe, and I think others do as well who have had  experiences within their constituencies, within their congressional  districts, that the hydro relicensing process is plainly broken, plain  and simple.   Let me give you a couple of real-life examples of why this  legislation is needed, and why it is needed now. They both provide  energy in my district for the people in the San Joaquin Valley, for  households, for farmers, and for people in the valley, and they are the  same two examples that Congressman Denham spoke of a moment ago.   The Turlock and Modesto Irrigation Districts have worked through the  licensing process in good faith for more than 8 years, and they have  spent over $30 million to renew the license for Don Pedro Dam, a  facility that has been in operation for almost 40 years. The districts  estimate that, when they are finished with this process, they will have  spent almost $50 million.   Meanwhile, the Merced Irrigation District, my constituency, has spent  over 10 years and $20 million to relicense the Exchequer Hydroelectric  project. This process is still not finished. This facility has been in  operation for over 60 years.   Since these are public agencies, these costs are passed on to the  ratepayers in mostly small, rural communities that Congressman Denham  and I represent. It raises their electric costs. It makes no sense.   This is about maintaining clean, renewable energy. This is about  reducing the regulatory burden and not passing these costs on to the  ratepayers. Given the experience that I have just given you, my  constituents believe that, frankly, this bill could go further in  removing inefficiencies in the relicensing  [[Page H8621]]  process, but it is a good first step. It is a work in progress. It is  certainly not perfect.   I support the legislation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   