 Mr. Chairman, I just want to start off by thanking Chairman  Hensarling and the entire Financial Services Committee for their  leadership on this vital and important legislation. Job well done.   The Financial CHOICE Act answers a deep need at the very heart of our  economy. We have heard about this need time and again from our  constituents back home. I sure have.   Small businesses are struggling. They have been unable to hire,  invest, or get the loans that they need to get off the ground. Families  looking to keep their money safe are hit with fees that they cannot  afford.   And why is this? Our community banks are in trouble. They are being  crushed by the costly rules imposed on them by the Dodd-Frank Act. This  law may have had good intentions, but its consequences have been dire  for Main Street.   Let me put it this way: It is more than 1,000 pages long and has more  rules and regulations than any other Obama-era law. The burdens created  are real and deep.   These costs are unsustainable for small community banks who simply  cannot afford to meet all the requirements and can't hire a team of  lawyers to decipher the seemingly endless rules.   So what do they do? They hunker down. They are unable to loan out  money. Or worse, they are shutting down.   The CHOICE Act reins in Dodd-Frank, and it delivers the regulatory  relief these small banks so desperately need. This will change our  communities because these banks are the lifeblood of our Main Streets.   Where I come from, representing towns small and medium, they are not  big companies in big cities getting money from big banks. They are  small- and medium-size businesses in small- and medium-size towns  hoping the community banker will be able to give them the loan they  need to hire some people, to take a risk, to start a small business, to  expand their small business. They know the needs of their communities,  and they are able to identify the people who can fill those needs  successfully.   There is a reason why they handle the vast majority of small-business  loans in this country: because they are the ones who are the closest to  the small businesses.   Here is the difference: The people big banks may overlook thinking it  is some guy with a pipe dream, the community banker is able to  recognize that as a father of four with the drive to make his dream of  a bicycle shop into a reality or a woman seeking to rent out retail  space to open her dream restaurant using her family recipes, or maybe  it is a young farmer with a new idea to integrate the latest technology  into the family farm. The big banks don't pay attention to that; only  community banks do.   A couple of years later, with the help of these kinds of loans from  these local banks, these so-called pipe dreams in these small towns and  these rural counties become successful businesses. They become job  creators. These are the ultimate success stories that our communities  in America are built upon.   This is why the Financial CHOICE Act is so important. It helps  community banks and the small businesses that absolutely depend on  them, it helps them thrive. It protects consumers by increasing  accountability and transparency over the wider financial sector, and it  also repeals ``too big to fail,'' the rules codified by Dodd-Frank that  have left taxpayers on the  [[Page H4717]]  hook for too long. Ultimately, the Financial CHOICE Act is a jobs bill,  and it is one that will bring hope back to Main Street.   It is easy to talk about the economy and regulations as a series of  numbers. It is easy to talk in vague terms about job creators and  small-business owners. But what is far more important is identifying  the problems that they actually face and actually doing something about  those problems to help make a difference to improve their lives.   That is what this CHOICE Act is all about. It is why we were sent  here: to look out for the people who work hard and who do the right  thing.   Let's get this done for them. Let's get this done for the people who  take the risks, who live and breathe their work, for the people who  strive and struggle every day for their families. Let's pass the CHOICE  Act today.    