 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I was, to say the least, shocked last  night when I heard that President Trump had dismissed FBI Director  Comey from his position as the Director of the FBI. To me, this  decision by President Trump crossed the line. I have tried to  understand what was going through the President's mind at the time he  dismissed Mr. Comey. It is clear that he had memorandums written by the  Department of Justice that were released at the time, but there is also  a clear indication that President Trump had been considering this  decision for over a week and that after he had reached the decision to  fire Mr. Comey, he needed grounds from the Department of Justice and  that that information was supplied to Mr. Trump for his decisionmaking.  This was Mr. Trump's decision.   At the time he dismissed Mr. Comey, President Trump's associates had  been involved in the investigation being done by the Department of  Justice. This is a criminal investigation that is being done by the  Department of Justice because of Russia's interference that involved  Mr. Trump's associates in the U.S. election system. We do not know  where that investigation is going--we do not--but we do know now that  the President of the United States has compromised the ability of that  investigation by firing Mr. Comey. That should not happen in American  politics. No one is above the law.   The timing of Mr. Comey's firing is extremely suspicious. If the  President were really concerned about the FBI Director's conduct in the  Hillary Clinton email investigation, why didn't the President fire  Director Comey when he took the oath of office in January? It just does  not add up. No one is above the law.  [[Page S2863]]    According to news reports, President Trump was also upset over the  amount of media coverage that the FBI Director and the investigations  were attracting, and the White House asked DOJ officials to come up  with reasons.   It is clear to me that the decision to fire Mr. Comey was a personal  decision that was reached by President Trump and that it was known by  him at the time that it would compromise the investigation that is  being done by the Department of Justice.   I have been approached by others in their saying that Mr. Comey was  not popular with Democrats or Republicans and that he had done things  during his term as Director that had upset a lot of us, which is true,  but the Director of the FBI has a 10-year term for a reason--a term  that is longer than the two terms of the President of the United  States. This is not a partisan position. The FBI is not required to be  popular with either Democrats or Republicans. What he is required to do  is to uphold the law of the land for all Americans, and no one is above  the law. That is what we expect from the Director of the FBI.   President Trump has compromised the integrity and independence of the  FBI. At this point, what can we do? I would suggest, with regard to the  criminal investigation that is being done by the Department of Justice,  that there is only one course of action that will maintain the  credibility of that investigation, which is that it is incumbent upon  the Department of Justice to name, as soon as possible, a special  prosecutor to take over that role.   If that is not done, in my view, it will be difficult to have the  confidence of the American people that that investigation is not being  directed by those who were supposed to be the subject of that  investigation.   I think it would also compromise the nomination process of the next  Director of the FBI. If we do not have a special counsel named, then  there will be so much focus on how that next Director will handle this  investigation that we really will not have attention paid to the other  responsibilities and talents of that individual to be able to handle  the FBI's broad jurisdiction.   If that is not resolved--the investigation and the appointment of a  special prosecutor--it is difficult to see how we are going to have a  truly bipartisan process for maintaining support for the FBI.   I urge the Deputy Attorney General to name, as soon as possible, a  respected person as an independent prosecutor to take over this  investigation.   There are deeper concerns than just the President of the United  States' hampering a criminal investigation in which associates of his  are involved because it also involves a country that is not a friend to  the United States. All of this was triggered by Russia's involvement in  our democratic election system. We know that Russia was directly  engaged in trying to compromise our election system by calling into  question the confidence of our system and trying to tilt the scales in  favor of one of our candidates. Russia made contact with Americans in  order to further its game at bringing down our democratic system of  government.   This is not unique to the United States. Russia has used similar  tactics in other elections of democratic countries. In the Montenegro  election, we saw that Montenegrins were voting on their government's  accession into NATO and that Russia exported individuals into that  country to try to disrupt that election. They were not successful, but  they tried. Just recently, in the French election, we saw how Russia  got directly involved in trying to help one of the candidates who it  believed would help pull France away from the EU and create a vacuum  for Russia's influence, but the French voters turned that down. It was  not successful, but that does not mean Russia will not continue to try  to bring down democratic systems of government.   Mr. Trump's casual and consistent dismissal of the facts, as laid out  by the entire Intelligence Committee, about Russia's engagement in the  United States should set off alarm bells. It cannot be business as  usual. Yet, today, President Trump and Secretary Tillerson met with  Foreign Minister Lavrov. Today of all days, they decided to meet like  nothing has happened, but a lot has happened. Did we see any indication  that the purpose of that meeting was to raise our strong objections to  Russia's interference in our election system or Russia's compromising  Americans to try to help in regard to its campaign against our free  election system or Russia's engagement and encroachment into other  countries? Did we really hear a commitment by the President of the  United States that we would not tolerate that type of behavior by  Russia? No. Business as usual. The President wants to establish a  friendlier relationship with Russia.    Russia has not just tried to bring down free elections systems; they  have invaded other countries. We know about the active campaign in  Ukraine, the annexation of Crimea, the Russian presence in Moldova and  Georgia. I met with the Prime Minister of Georgia with Senator Wicker  earlier today, and he can tell you firsthand about how their country is  trying to deal with the Russian presence in their sovereign country.   We all know about Russia's engagement in other parts of the world.  Their engagement in Syria is bringing about serious challenges to  trying to resolve the crisis in that country. The Russian Government  supporting the Assad regime, war crime activities targeting  humanitarian convoys, targeting hospitals, the use of chemical  weapons--all of that is facilitated by Russia. That is well known, but  it might be not as well known that Russia is ambitious in going into  many more parts of the world. Russia is now engaged in Afghanistan. We  have had one of our longest wars ever in Afghanistan and our commitment  to the people of Afghanistan to have a democratic government. So Russia  is now engaged with the Taliban, trying to upset our ability to bring  all of the parties together in unity in the government.   That, to me, is totally counter to history. We know about Russia's  presence in Afghanistan. Does anyone believe Russia is really sincere  in maintaining peace in that country?   Then we see Russia's fingerprints in Yemen, trying to get a naval  base on the Yemeni coast, showing no concern for the humanitarian  crisis that has been created in that country. We see Russia's presence  in Libya, supporting General Haftar, who has committed his own human  rights violations and war crimes and has disrupted the Government of  National Accord, which is our best chance for peace in Libya.   We see Russia's presence in Nicaragua, sending troops and equipment  to that country and now building a major compound that many believe is  being built to spy on the U.S. compound. That is Russia.   So to President Trump: It is not business as usual with Russia. There  is a reason we need an independent commission to investigate what  Russia was doing in the United States because Russia is trying to  create space where they can expand their influence, and expanding their  influence is for values that are just the opposite of ours--a corrupt  government, no respect for human rights, no respect for democratic  institutions, and opposition to a free press. That is what Russia is  trying to expand. We know that in their involvement in the United  States, they are trying to find a way to expand that opportunity.   So it is for all of those reasons it cannot be business as usual, and  when the President of the United States interferes with a criminal  investigation that was precipitated by Russia's engagement in the  United States, every American should be alarmed. Every American should  be asking what we can do to make sure we have an independent review so  we can take steps to protect our national security.   It is not acceptable for the Senate to say business as usual. We need  to come together and facilitate the independent review of potential  criminal involvement of Americans in facilitating the Russians and what  they were doing, and we need to have an independent review of all of  what Russia was doing in this country so we can take the necessary  steps to protect our national security.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  [[Page S2864]]        