 Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chairman, as we begin to conclude debate on  H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act, I am sure I join  with Ranking Member Nita Lowey in thanking all the Members of the House  for the manner in which this debate has been conducted over the last  couple of days.   I thank the subcommittee chairs, the ranking members, and the Members  who presented well over 120 amendments that were made in order.   Let me reiterate why this package of appropriations bills is so  important. From 2010 to 2014, defense spending was cut 21 percent in  real terms. We heard that from Chairman Thornberry of the Armed  Services Committee. Yet, as we know, the world did not get 21 percent  safer.   In fact, we ask more of our military than ever before, and we need to  support them here at home and abroad.   Today--and I said this earlier in the debate--we have the oldest Air  Force in history, the Navy's fleet is smaller than it has been in  decades, and the Army has just three combat brigade teams fully  prepared to fight.   Moreover, we have too many aircraft that can't fly, too many ships  that cannot sail, too many troops who cannot deploy. We need better  equipment and training for our warfighters, and we need more of the  warfighters. We need a cyber component that is really effective.   In April--it seems like years ago--we began to rebuild our Armed  Forces with the fiscal year 2017 consolidated appropriations bill.  Today, this legislation we are considering continues that critical  work.   Mr. Chairman, this four-bill package is carefully crafted to fund our  critical military priorities, reinforce our nuclear deterrent, support  veterans, make our borders more secure, and strengthen protection for  our constituents and for Members.   Once again, I thank Chairwoman Kay Granger; Chairmen Mike Simpson,  Charlie Dent, Kevin Yoder; all chairmen and their ranking counterparts;  and our remarkable staff for bringing us to the finish line this  afternoon, earlier than we thought.   I also thank the rest of the Members and the staff of the  Appropriations Committee for their extraordinary efforts over the past  several months. It was full speed ahead, and they performed in a  remarkable way.   I would like to note the work of our clerk Nancy Fox and her team,  Jim Kulikowski, Carol Murphy, Shannon O'Keefe, Stephen Sepp, Maureen  Holohan, Jennifer Hing, Marta Dehmlow Hernandez, Tammy Hughes, Rachel  Kahler, David Roth.   And in my personal office: Katie Hazlett.   And those who work with Mrs. Lowey--and this may be the short list-- Shalanda Young, Chris Bigelow, Adam Berg, and Becky Leggieri.   May I say that I didn't mean to leave out Chairman Carter of the  Homeland Security Committee for the work that he has done.   My colleagues, each and every one of these bills deserves to be sent  to the President's desk. I look forward to completing our work on all  12 appropriations bills when we return from the recess, or perhaps even  before then.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support of the bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition to the  motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, as we gather here, nearly 250,000 men  and women in uniform are deployed in nearly 177 countries in all  corners of the globe. Another 2 million Active Guard and Reserve are  standing watch back here at home in the United States.   They are doing their jobs. We should do our jobs by providing them  with everything they need to complete their mission. They are trusting  us to do our jobs.   Defeat the motion to recommit, support national security, and vote  ``yes'' on final passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   