 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative  Jayapal for yielding.   You know, today is Thursday, so we first have to ask: Why does Jared  Kushner still have a security clearance?   But I digress. We are going to talk about the GOP's disastrous tax  plan. The reason we know that it is a disaster is one simple fact: the  math doesn't add up.   So if you believe that 2 plus 2 equals 5, then this tax plan is for  you. For the rest of us, it is going to explode the deficit and add to  the Federal debt.   What does that mean?   That means massive cuts to Medicare, to Medicaid, to other vital  programs that are protecting seniors and all Americans who depend on  some of these programs in order to survive.   Now, we can look at this tax plan and we can say, ``Hey, it might  give tax breaks to the wealthy who are then going to trickle down,''  except in the history of the United States, that kind of trickle-down  economics has never worked. If you look at how the tax plan is  constructed, it really chafes States such as California, New York, New  Jersey, Washington, and other States by eliminating the State and local  tax deduction.   When you do that, it causes filers to not be able to deduct their  State and local taxes; and in California, New York, New Jersey,  Washington, and other States, there's going to be tax increases to  middle class families.   In addition, because the way the tax plan is constructed, it has the  potential to lower housing prices because it also caps your mortgage  interest rate deduction. That is why the National Association of Home  Builders came out opposing this plan, and they have put out something  which is deeply concerning. They are saying this could potentially  cause a housing recession.   You also have the National Federation of Independent Business, which  represents small businesses across America, opposing this plan.   Why?   This is a big tax giveaway to the ultrawealthy. If you look at an  early analysis by The Washington Post, they say that 80 percent of this  tax plan's benefits will go to the top 1 percent.   If you look at this tax plan, it is going to hurt middle class  Americans in order to fund those at the very top. This is not something  we should be doing in our country.   I also request this Speaker work with Democrats on a bipartisan  basis. We are not opposed to tax reform. We are opposed to stupid tax  reform. And this is just a really stupid plan that, again, explodes the  deficit, adds to our Federal debt, and whacks States like California,  New York, and New Jersey, as well as Washington State. So I urge that  Republicans work with Democrats and come up with a plan that actually  helps middle class Americans instead of going after them.    