 Mr. President, I am speaking today because proponents of  TrumpCare have their heads stuck in the sand. Many of the Republicans  in this Chamber are clearly in denial that we live in a country where  91 Americans die each and every day from an opioid overdose; where 1.3  million Americans went to the hospital for an opioid-related issue in  2014; where 2,000 Massachusetts residents died from an opioid overdose  just last year, and 69 percent of those cases had the illicit opioid  fentanyl in their bodies. If people across the country were dying from  overdoses at the same rate as in Massachusetts, that would be 100,000  people per year--two Vietnam wars' worth of deaths every single year.  Over 10 years, that would be 1 million people who die if they were  dying at the same rate as they are in Massachusetts--1 million people  over 10 years dying from opioid overdoses in our country.   If these Republicans took their heads out of the sand, they would  hear the near-unanimous calls from the experts and the pleas of mothers  and fathers to stop this machete to Medicaid which they have brought  with their new healthcare reform bill. They would hear the alarm bells  Americans across the country are ringing against this cruel and  heartless and immoral legislation.   These desperate voices should be enough to get Republicans to abandon  their efforts to rip away insurance coverage for treatment and recovery  services for Americans struggling with substance use disorders, but  instead of accepting the truth and listening to their constituents,  they have decided to take a cynical path and replace these lifesaving  services with a paltry opioid fund of $45 billion over 10 years.   There has been a lot of talk from the Republicans about so-called  fixes that they can work on with Democrats, but this opioid fund isn't  a fix, it is a falsehood. It is a false promise to the people suffering  from opioid addiction. It is a  [[Page S3970]]  false future that won't include critical Medicaid funding for treatment  and recovery services. It is a false bargain that Republicans will make  at the expense of families desperate for opioid addiction treatment.   This opioid fund is a politically craven effort to buy votes from  Republicans whose States are being ravaged by the prescription drug,  heroin, and fentanyl crisis, but the American people will not be  fooled. This opioid funding is nothing more than a public health  pittance, a wholly inadequate response to our Nation's preeminent  healthcare crisis. In fact, the amount included in this latest version  of TrumpCare is not even half of the amount that the Affordable Care  Act would have spent on covering opioid use disorder treatment if we  just left that law alone to work as intended.   Here are the numbers. The Center for American Progress has estimated  that the Affordable Care Act would spend $91 billion for opioid  coverage alone over the next decade, compared to the $45 billion the  Republicans are putting into their bill which they announced today.   We already know that access to treatment is a challenge. Only 1 in 10  Americans with substance addiction receives treatment. There are  estimated to be 2 million people with an opioid use disorder who are  not receiving any treatment for this disorder.   It should not be a surprise to anyone that the epidemic of opioid  abuse will only get worse as long as we have a system that makes it  easier to abuse drugs than to get help for addiction disorders. And the  paltry GOP fund that provides less than half of the funding of the  Affordable Care Act is only going to accelerate the death sentence for  the millions of people with substance use disorders.   Sadly, we know that my Republican colleagues who are attempting to  jam this immoral and callous TrumpCare bill through this body actually  are aware of the crisis facing their States. They speak to the same  constituents. They read the same newspapers. They see the same  obituaries of Americans who lost their lives to the opioid overdose  epidemic. And that is why we have been able to make some bipartisan  progress. Last year, we passed the CARA bill. We passed legislation to  fund $1 billion for treatment. But support for the TrumpCare bill and  this opioid fund is a betrayal of all of that hard-fought progress we  were making.   Republicans are turning their backs on their vow to combat the opioid  epidemic, and President Trump is breaking his promise from the campaign  trail to ``expand treatment for those who have become so badly  addicted.'' Instead, they are moving forward with a proposal that would  rip insurance away from 22 million people and threaten insurance  coverage for 2.8 million Americans with a substance use disorder.   This bill would eviscerate Medicaid--the leading payer of behavioral  health services, including substance use treatment--by nearly $800  billion, and all of this to give billions in tax breaks to billionaires  and big corporations.   One analysis has found that under the Senate's previous version of  TrumpCare, Republicans provided a nearly $33 billion tax break to the  top 400 earners, the top 400 billionaires in America, which is the  equivalent of ending Medicaid expansion for too many people in our  country.   Let's look at what they are planning. They are planning to cut from  $91 billion down to $45 billion the amount of money we spend on opioid  treatment in the United States. At the same time, they have $33 billion  that they are going to give in a tax break to the wealthiest 400  billionaires in America. Where is that money going to be better spent  in our country over the next 10 years--$33 billion for the 400  wealthiest people or adding that money back in so that we can have  treatment for people who have opioid addiction problems in their  families? What is going to be better for America?   Well, the Republicans say: We need all that money that would go for  treatment to give it to the wealthiest people in our country.   They can afford their treatment. Their families will have all the  healthcare coverage they need if they have problems in their families.  But the Republicans don't care. If you kicked this bill in the heart,  you would break your toe. That is how bad it is.   So, for me, this is without question, at the heart, a simple  explanation of what is fundamentally wrong with this Republican bill.  There are many other things wrong with it--preexisting conditions, go  all the way down the line--but how can you, when we have this plague  hitting our country, take all that money away and give it away to  billionaires? It is just wrong. There are too many families, too many  letters, too many conversations that we have all had with these  families. There are too many tears that we have seen. So, for me, there  can be nothing that is worse than doing that to families--taking away  their hope.    This is going to be a battle of monumental proportions. All I can  tell you is that for the 2,000 families who had someone who died in  Massachusetts last year, we are going to make sure this is a battle  that everyone knows because if the American people understood that they  are doing this to all of those families who have an opioid problem  right now, there would be a revolt that would rise up across this  country. Over this next week, the American people are going to learn  about what is in the soul of this bill.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Tennessee.   