 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the House  Administration Committee for yielding and for his leadership. I also  want to salute Ms. Speier and Chairman Harper for their work, too.   I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630, which requires all Members,  staffers, and interns to undergo annual antiharassment and  antidiscrimination training to impress upon all of us our individual  responsibilities and rights as they relate to sexual harassment.   It would also require the posting of a statement in all of our Hill  offices, and also in our district offices, setting forth what the  rights and protections are of our employees so they know. This is how  we got rid of minimum wage violations and violations of overtime  protections in America, and this is how we will eliminate sexual  harassment here on Capitol Hill.   From coast to coast, America is in an uproar over sexual harassment  and sexual assault in the workplace. From Capitol Hill to the White  House, from the offices of FOX News in New York to the studios of  Hollywood, from Washington to Alabama, high officials and media  luminaries are learning that sexual harassment really is against the  law and that it is a terrible offense against people lower down the  hierarchy in the workplace who are just trying to do their jobs, make a  living, support their families, and develop their careers. This is  America, and they have a right to equal opportunity without being  harassed, grabbed, imposed upon, and threatened in the workplace.   As the people's Representatives, we have an obligation to lead not  just by legislation, but by example. We must have comprehensive  training for everyone who has the honor of coming to work here in the  House of Representatives.   The good news is that a paradigm shift is taking place in America.  Women everywhere are bravely speaking out against conduct that prior  generations were forced to accept as business as usual. It will no  longer be safe--and it should no longer be safe--for men to sexually  harass women in the workplace.   We have experienced dramatic cultural shifts like this before in  America and in Congress. For many decades, Members of Congress could  convert money from their campaign funds to personal use. Then we got  rid of it, and then it became unthinkable.   Similarly, there was a time when lobbyists could wine and dine  legislators. We got rid of it and we moved beyond it. I am glad we are  moving into an era of the harassment-free workplace on Capitol Hill.   