 Mr. President, I wish to speak for a few minutes about the  Senate blue slip.   As my colleagues know, when the President nominates someone who will  be processed by the Senate Judiciary Committee, home State Senators  receive a letter informing them of the nomination and asking whether  they approve of the nominee in question. The letter is printed on blue  paper--thus the name. That is why we call it the blue slip.   The question on the table is, What should happen if one or both of  the home State Senators do not approve the nomination?   In previous years, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee has  treated the blue slip as a de facto veto, but that is not how the blue  slip originally functioned. Between 1917, when the blue slip was first  used, and 1955, the blue slip was never treated as a veto. Instead, it  gave the home State Senators a special ability to state their  objections about a nominee during a hearing. The committee could then  decide how to proceed.   When James Eastland, a Democrat from Mississippi, became chairman of  the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1955, he took a different approach.  Why did Eastland implement this new policy? No one knows for sure, but  one scholar has written that Eastland, an ardent segregationist, might  have been trying in part to ``keep Mississippi's federal judicial bench  free of sympathizers with Brown v. Board of Education.''   We are evaluating the strength of a custom. It is a custom of  relatively recent vintage, and its origin story surely matters in how  we evaluate its ongoing relevance to the Senate today.   Eastland kept that policy in place for the whopping 22 years he  served as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. When Senator Ted  Kennedy took over from Eastland in 1979, he immediately changed the  status and functioning of the blue slip procedure. As the Congressional  Research Service reports, Kennedy determined that the blue slip ``did  not have the same power to automatically stop committee action as  before.'' Rather, Kennedy affirmed his right to move forward with a  nomination regardless of the blue slip.   To make a long story short, since 1955, there have been eight  chairmen of the Senate Judiciary Committee, including Eastland. By my  count, two have treated the blue slip as a veto; the other six have  either said the blue slip was not a veto or have at least not treated  the blue slip as a veto.   What to make of this history? For one thing, we often hear that the  blue slip is a 100-year-old tradition. In my view, it should be equally  powerful to note that the blue slip originated 128 years after the  first Congress. That is  [[Page S7208]]  part of the Senate's history, too, and that, too, shouldn't be ignored.   But there is an even more fundamental point, and that is that even in  modern times, there isn't exactly an unbroken and lengthy practice of  treating the blue slip procedure as if it were a veto. The practice is  even sparser when you consider that the blue slip takes on a different  function depending on whether the President's party is in control of a  majority of the seats in the Senate. When the President's party does  not control the Senate, the blue slip is an efficient way to negotiate  with the opposition party, which, after all, can vote down the  President's nominees.   When you look at the relevant circumstances, here is what you find:  The blue slip has been treated as a veto for a grand total of 28 years  when the President's party controlled the Senate. Fourteen of those  years occurred under Senator Eastland, who was waging a personal  vendetta against civil rights, including with respect to judicial  nominees processed by the Judiciary Committee.   So if the Senate blue slip procedure is not a veto, what function  should it play? As I have said, the blue slip is the chairman's  prerogative. But if I were advising the chairman, here is what I would  say: The blue slip should not be a veto of a nomination so long as the  executive branch has sufficiently consulted with the home State  Senators in advance of making this nomination. That rule is consistent  with the appointments clause of the Constitution, which establishes  joint shared responsibility for appointments to Federal office.   It is important to note that, contrary to what some of my colleagues  have suggested, the appointments clause does not grant individual  Senators the right to pick nominees, whether processed by the Judiciary  Committee or otherwise.   That rule is also consistent with the best reading of Senate custom.  It is roughly consistent with the practice that unfolded between 1917,  when the blue slip was first adopted, and 1955, when Senator Eastland  brought about some changes. It has at least as much support in modern  practice.   What counts, then, as sufficient consultation? It is hard to come up  with a precise rule, with a single mathematical definition, but in my  view, the White House has an obligation to let the home State Senators  know whom the White House might be considering for a vacancy. The home  State Senators have the right to review the candidate's record and  share any concerns they have about the candidate. Qualifications count.  Character counts. Home State ties and ties to the community count. I  don't think home State Senators have the right to demand someone who  shares their particular approach to the law necessarily, but they do  have the right to insist that the candidate believe in the law as  something independent from politics, particularly where the candidate  is being nominated to a life-tenured position in an article III court.   There is a final point to make. As we move forward, my colleagues  across the aisle will charge us with hypocrisy just as predictably as  our prediction that the Sun will come up in the east tomorrow. There  are two things to say about this.   First, my approach to the blue slip has remained consistent since I  took office. I have followed the approach that I have just described.   Second, until 2013, the blue slip was a lot less important because  the minority party could filibuster. That is no longer an option  because the Democrats changed the rules in 2013. When you change the  rules--the actual written protections upon which we rely--when those  are changed, then you are left reliant on customs. Customs can always  be changed. In this case, the custom we are dealing with isn't even a  particularly strong one. It is not even a particularly long-lasting  one.   More broadly, in the Senate we are trying to figure out how to  process the President's nominees. We have improved the pace of  confirming nominees recently, but we are still significantly behind in  modern historical terms from where we should be and from where other  Senates have been during the first year of other Presidential  administrations. We need to find a solution to improve the pace,  including by remaining in session longer so that we can complete this  important work.   It is essential that we understand the difference between, on the one  hand, the Constitution and, on the other hand, the rules; and, on the  one hand, the rules and, on the other hand, the custom. There is a  significant difference here. In this case, the custom isn't even all  that long, not nearly as long as some have suggested, and it certainly  hasn't been consistent. We can do better, and do better we must.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   