 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I come here today to speak in opposition to the  amendment, one that would hurt the local economy, devalue workers' pay,  and take a very important tool out of the toolbox for both Republicans,  Democrats, and Americans.   Almost 100 years ago, two Republican Congressmen, James Davis and  Robert Bacon, realized there was a problem with Federal contracts.  Those contracts were unfair to the local economies. So in 1931,  Congress unanimously approved Davis-Bacon prevailing wage. It ensures  that construction workers are paid the same as construction workers in  that local community.   The prevailing wage is based on surveys of local wages and benefits,  not whether there is a union or not. It keeps the community vibrant,  and it takes into account those things that happened in that local  community. So when you hear the term ``if it ain't  [[Page H5796]]  broke don't fix it,'' this is a classic example.   They are trying to talk about surveys and methodologies. Quite  frankly, this system has worked for over 80 years. They are talking  about technicalities, but the fact of the matter is this is about  cutting wages in your local community. Why would you ever want to go  back and say, I want to hurt the people I represent? But apparently  that seems to be what we are doing.   So we want to make sure that local workers are paid a fair wage. The  system has worked fine for so many years and makes sure that those men  and women who work hard each and every day are properly compensated.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  West Virginia (Mr. McKinley).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Kildee).    Mr. Chairman, I want to just bring this back home.   Why in the world would you ever want to cut the wages of the men and  women you represent? This is about fairness, leveling the playing  field. It works, and we want to continue it.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   