 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to honor the wonderful life  and extraordinary work of Trish Vradenburg. It is with a heavy heart  that I note the passing of my dear friend and esteemed ally in our  national effort to defeat Alzheimer's disease.   Many of our colleagues in this Chamber not only counted Trish as a  friend but also greatly respected her as a champion in the war against  an international enemy--Alzheimer's disease. It is through our work  shedding light on this horrific disease, creating a roadmap for a cure  and strategies for prevention, that Trish and I developed an enduring  friendship. She and I shared the experience of having our beloved  mothers claimed by this cruel and merciless illness. We knew the  ravages of Alzheimer's on our loved ones firsthand and vowed that other  people should not have to experience such suffering.   The impact of her mother's illness motivated Trish and her cherished  husband George to dedicate much of the past two decades to fighting  Alzheimer's disease. Together they raised funds, founded and led the  innovative UsAgainstAlzheimer's organization, committing their time,  energy, personal resources, and passion to bring Alzheimer's disease  out of the shadows and to advocate for the policies and research needed  to stop this disease and prevent it from occurring in the future.   Trish was a multidimensional force of nature. Creative, caring, and  compassionate, she was a devoted daughter and caregiver to her mother.  She was a loving mother to her two children, Alissa and Tyler, their  spouses, and four grandchildren. And, as so many of us here know, she  was completely dedicated to her husband George, a man of enormous  talent and business acumen.   My wife Susan and I have been privileged to call Trish and George  treasured friends for more than 20 years. To say that George and Trish  were ideal partners does not fully capture their love story. They were  soulmates, complementing each other perfectly and creating a powerful,  enchanting, and dynamic duet. Many of us have tales of our interactions  with Trish and George, witnessing firsthand Trish's indefatigable  spirit, perseverance, and leadership. Simply put, you never wanted to  tell Trish ``maybe'' or ``no,'' particularly when the issue was  Alzheimer's disease.   This was compounded by the fact that Trish was a master communicator  and humorist. She did not mince words and knew how to convey a message,  often delivered with memorable one-liners. A gifted writer, she  authored novels, sitcoms, and op-eds, with many of her recent pieces  calling attention to the great threat of Alzheimer's disease. I had the  honor of playing the role of her mother's doctor on stage in Trish's  award-winning play, ``Surviving Grace,'' which shines a spotlight on  Alzheimer's impact not only on the patient but on their family members  as well.   It was right here in the Senate that Trish began her professional  career as a speechwriter to Senator Harrison Williams of her home State  of New Jersey. Therefore, it is particularly fitting that the Senate  pause to recognize this remarkable woman and her many accomplishments  across so many fields.   In closing, it is difficult for me to comprehend that Trish has  passed away and that we will no longer hear her powerful voice, her  luminous laughter, her one-liners, experience her creativity, and  benefit from her passionate conviction that we must keep fighting to  defeat Alzheimer's. The indomitable memory of Trish Vradenburg--an  amazing, creative, and pioneering woman--motivates us all to live to  the fullest and to accelerate our work so that we can soon reach the  day when Alzheimer's disease is found only in the history books. In  these ways, her inspirational legacy lives on as George continues their  important work with Trish in his heart, in her family's love, and in  her friends' and colleagues' admiration.   This was a great woman whom we have just lost, a champion for finding  a cure for Alzheimer's disease, and I am so honored to be able to speak  in the U.S. Senate to tell the Nation of the work of this great woman.   With that, I yield back the remainder of my time.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   