 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to talk not about legislation  or about the tax bill--well, I may talk about the tax bill a little-- but I do wish to talk about deadlines and how we all do our work,  whether it is in the Senate, in our businesses, or in our personal  lives. I wish to talk about deadlines missed and deadlines that don't  exist.   One of the realities of this place that I think is very unfortunate  is that we rarely make our deadlines. These are self-imposed deadlines.  These are deadlines that we create. We pass a law that says something  has to happen by September 30. We set the deadline, and then we don't  make it.   Most notoriously, it happens with budgets. I don't know the last time  we had a budget on time. I think it is about 17 years ago. I suspect  there are probably less than a dozen Senators in this Chamber who were  here when we last passed a budget on time. There is  [[Page S8057]]  no excuse for that. The problem is that when we put it off, we don't  know anything more than we did at the time of the deadline. We could  have done it, and yet, because we are able to, we put it off. That is  human nature, unfortunately. Who among us would not have put off the  deadline for a book report if we could have said to the teacher: Gee, I  don't think I can make that Monday morning deadline. I will just do my  book report on Tuesday.   Life doesn't work that way. In the real world, there are deadlines.  There are consequences if you don't get your work done on time. Things  happen, and if you don't get your work done on time, usually, those  things that happen are bad. I don't know where else, other than in this  body, where deadlines, which have enormous implications and enormous  importance, are simply ignored.   I just sat down in the last day or so and put together real deadlines  that we have in the law right now. What are they? Well, the Children's  Health Insurance Program's deadline is September 30, 2017. That is  gone. That has passed. I can give you 23,000 reasons that we should  have met that deadline. That is the number of young people in Maine who  are covered by the Children's Health Insurance Program, and there are 9  million nationwide. But we missed the deadline. Why? I can't find any  reason. We don't know anything now that we didn't know in the middle of  September or in August when we could have passed this program, but we  just blew right by it. Maybe it is because none of our kids are in this  program. I venture to say that if the children of the Members of the  Senate were in the CHIP program, we would have met that deadline, but  we didn't.    What is another one? Community health centers had another deadline of  September 30, which was missed. I will give you 200,000 reasons that we  should have met that deadline. That is the number of people in my State  of Maine who are served by federally qualified health centers. I was at  one just on Friday. They serve people who otherwise wouldn't get care.  They fill an enormous gap, particularly in a rural State, to provide  healthcare to people who need it, but we didn't make the deadline.  There was no particular reason not to make this deadline. We just blew  right by it. It was not all that important. I venture to say that if  our families were covered under this program, we would have gotten it  done. No Senators' families are covered by federally qualified health  centers. If they had been, we would have gotten it done.   Of course, the granddaddy of all of deadlines mentioned is the  budget: October 1, 2017. We missed it--no deadline. We just went right  by it. Nothing happened. Well, what we did was to pass a continuing  resolution. A continuing resolution really should be called a ``cop-out  resolution.'' It is basically saying that we are not going to make the  hard decisions in a budget. We are just going to push them forward for  a month or two. But the problem is that the month or two comes. In  fact, it is coming this Friday, and now we are talking about another  continuing resolution to go into January or February. No business would  do this. Families can't even do this.   Some time ago, I was the Governor of Maine. I remember vividly. I can  practically tell you where I was standing in my office. We have a  deadline in Maine of July 1 for our budget. We always make it. Members  of the legislature of one of the parties came to me. They were having a  hard time getting a budget. It was very contentious, as it is every  year. He said: Governor, let's just do a continuing resolution like  they do in Washington, and we can solve this problem in the next 2  weeks. I said: Not on your life, because if we do, once we open the  Pandora's box of continuing resolutions in Maine or in Iowa or in  Mississippi or Florida, then we are stuck. We will never get a budget  on time again because it is too easy to put off the hard decisions.  What do we know now about the budget that we didn't know in August?  What will we know in January that we don't know now?   By the way, a continuing resolution for the entire budget is bad for  the government and disastrous for national security. I serve on the  Armed Services Committee. We have hearings both from our civilian  leadership and our military leadership, and they have told us  repeatedly: Please get us a budget. The continuing resolution doesn't  allow us to plan. It locks us into last year's priorities. It doesn't  allow us to look forward and make commitments that will save the  taxpayers money if we have the authority. It is a disaster for national  security, but a deadline was missed on September 30. It looks like we  are going to miss another deadline on December 22, and we will be here  talking about funding the government, doing the budget, sometime in  January or maybe in February. There is no reason for it. There is no  reason for it except that we are simply avoiding making difficult  decisions.   The next one is DACA, or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. The  real deadline started on October 6. That is when people started to lose  the ability to re-up their qualifications for DACA. Over 100 people a  day are losing their DACA status. In the last week it has been, I  think, something like 1,700--in the last week or 10 days. These are  people who are going to go into the holidays unsure about whether they  are going to be able to continue to live in this country. These are  young people, as we all know. This is the only country they know. They  were brought here as little kids. They weren't illegal immigrants. They  were brought here as children, and they are contributing to our  society, and they are working and paying taxes. But we missed the  deadline starting in October.   Now, even the President said we should fix this program, and he gave  us 6 months. He said: I am going to disallow the program, but not until  March 5, 2018. I don't know whether it is legal to bet in the District  of Columbia, but I would be willing to bet that we are still struggling  with this question on March 4, 2018. I deeply hope not because lives  are being toyed with here unnecessarily. We could make the decisions  now. We could decide to reach a compromise agreement on this program,  which Members of both sides of the aisle think needs to be done,  including the President. Let's get it done. But it is one more missed  deadline.   Next is the National Flood Insurance Program, with a deadline of  December 22, which is 4 days from now. I don't think we are going to  make it. If ever there was a time of importance for the National Flood  Insurance Program, it is now. We have had enormous flooding issues with  the hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.  Yet the flood insurance program expires on December 22. Why don't we  get it done? Because it is not our houses. It is not our houses that  are at risk to get the flood insurance. I suspect if we had the houses  that were part of this problem, it would be solved.   Medicare extenders expire on December 31 of this year. Are we going  to get those done? I deeply hope so, but I am not so sure.   FISA section 702, one of the most important national intelligence  provisions that we have, also expires at the end of the year. Are we  going to get that done? I deeply hope so, but I am not optimistic.   Next, we have the wildfires and FEMA disaster aid for Harvey, Irma,  Maria, and the wildfires. These are huge disasters. We have partially  funded them, but certainly not to the point that is going to be  required. Those deadlines were all this fall.   At the bottom of my chart of priorities is tax reform. Boy, are we  going to make that deadline. The only problem is that it doesn't exist.  There is no deadline for that. There was no deadline. It is not  December 22. It is not Christmas. It is not New Year's. It is a self- imposed deadline that is not in law anywhere.   I agree that we need to do tax reform, but we have been doing it on  an unprecedented scale and speed that is unnecessary. We have missed  and ignored all these real deadlines in exchange for focusing all of  our attention on a fake deadline. Sure, it would be nice to get it  done, and we could have gotten it done. It could have been done on a  bipartisan basis. We could have started last summer, and we would have  had a bill just like the bill that emerged from the HELP Committee with  regard to healthcare, on a bipartisan basis. But instead it was a  closed process, done with unprecedented speed, with virtually no  hearings--well,  [[Page S8058]]  no hearings, no real hearings on the bill, no serious outside experts,  no analysis of what is in it. We have been given a 500-page bill that  we are going to vote on in probably a day or so. Yet we are racing to  meet a deadline that didn't exist.    It is boring to talk about process, but that is what I am really  talking about today. I just don't understand an institution that  doesn't make its real deadlines and yet races and throws everything  aside to try to make a deadline that just came out of the air. It is  not in any law, any rule, any expectation--let's do it by Christmas or  by the end of the year. It is no way to run a business, and it is  certainly no way to run the government on behalf of the American  people.   I have never been in an institution or in a group of people who are  as capable as the people who are here, and I find it genuinely puzzling  as to why we perform so poorly and why the public opinion of us is so  low. These are good people on both sides of the aisle. Yet something  about the way this institution works keeps us from meeting the rules  and expectations that the rest of society takes for granted, such as  making deadlines, doing your job, doing what you are paid to do.   One of the most fundamental responsibilities is to pass a budget. We  have members of our Appropriations Committee who have been working for  a year to put the budget together. It is done, and we could do this,  but instead we are putting it off and putting it off and putting it  off. I wouldn't be surprised if, come January or February--assuming we  don't make it by this Friday--there are going to be people who say:  Let's just do a continuing resolution for the rest of the year--a cop- out resolution, a nonresolution, a nondecision on behalf of the people  of this country.   I think we can do better. I think we can begin to regain the trust of  the American people by going back and doing things the way we are  supposed to according to the old norms, with hearings and  considerations and making deadlines and meeting our obligations to our  citizens and to our country.   I deeply hope that as the year turns, we also make a turn and that we  make a turn to do this place better, to do our work that the American  people hired us to do, to do it on a timely basis, and to meet our  responsibilities. I believe we can do it. I believe we can do it  better, and I deeply hope that we do so.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   