 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Doug Collins for leading  this very Special Order on a topic that is very near and dear to my  heart, the invaluable role of community pharmacists in our society.   As a rural dentist who practiced for 35 years, I can relate to the  plight of community pharmacists who must overcome all of the challenges  involved in running a small business while serving their patients and  serving their customers and doing their job as a medical professional.  [[Page H1451]]    Just like my small hometown of Woodville, Texas, where I practice,  many of the areas in which community pharmacies are located are rural  and have underserved, low-income and elderly populations. This can  present unique challenges and, oftentimes, results in community  pharmacists performing a lot of services, such as face-to-face  counseling and planning services for patients' medication regimen at no  charge, care that is uncompensated by Medicare and not typically  reimbursed by private insurance companies as well.   What is even more challenging is the uphill battle that community  pharmacists continually face in just getting adequate payment for the  lifesaving medications that they dispense on a daily basis and still be  able to earn a small profit.   Community pharmacists rely on pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, who  negotiate directly with payors, including private insurance companies,  as well as Medicare part D and other government plans, for  reimbursement levels for medications. The problem is that the payment  levels that make it up to the community pharmacists after the PBMs have  ``skimmed off the top'' are well below the pharmacists' acquisition  costs and fail to be delivered in a timely manner in many  circumstances, in many instances.   Simply put, there is a dire need for more transparency throughout  this process and for more accountability for PBMs. I proudly  cosponsored legislation that would do just this last year. It was  called the MAC Transparency Act, and I now proudly support this bill  again in this 115th Congress. Now is the time to act on this bill.   As a dentist, it was my goal to treat each patient to the highest  standard of care, a goal that I share with all of the community  pharmacists that I know. Sadly, if there is no change in the conditions  that community pharmacists are facing, many of these providers will  have to close their doors. Many already have, and our patients suffer.   For the sake of many rural communities that I serve, I hope to see  the MAC Transparency Act and other similar pieces of legislation move  forward, as well as a greater spotlight put on the actions of the PBMs  so that community pharmacists can get the relief that they so  desperately need to continue practicing.   I thank Congressman Collins for his leadership on this issue.   