 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday I mentioned how our colleagues  across the aisle and, of course, some groups outside of Capitol Hill  have predictably started attacking tax reform, actually a plan that  doesn't even yet exist in legislative language. With the fall season  now upon us, they have decided to shoot arrows at a straw man.   One would think, given their effusive support for tax reform in the  past, our Democratic friends would at least wait to review the  legislation before they pounce on it. I had hoped that they would work  with us to come up with a bipartisan plan, but I guess I am not  entirely surprised. That has never stopped them before from pillorying  smart policy when it served a political end.   Yes, they are already piling on, spreading misinformation, and  assuming the worst because that is the easy and politically expedient  thing to do. The problem is that many of the criticisms of our  framework have been misleading and counterproductive. Worse, some  Members seem more content to misconstrue a plan than to understand it  and give it a fair hearing.   Allow me to clarify the record for just a moment. What is most  striking is that the new framework unveiled by the so-called Big 6  shares many of the core features of previous plans that were widely  embraced by Democrats--not only that, but many of the folks who are now  critical of the new plan came out in support of these provisions as  recently as this year. The senior Senator from Oregon is typical in  this regard. In response to our framework, he said that ``this is a  far-right Republican scheme to endow future generations of the mega  wealthy and leave what amounts to crumbs for the middle-class behind.''  That is kind of a breathtaking allegation. Those are indeed strong  statements, but the American people are smart. The American people  realize that the plan our colleague from Oregon is criticizing is  similar to the one he sponsored and promoted in 2011.   Let's get the facts straight. The Senator from Oregon had previously  sponsored a plan in 2011 with our former colleague, Senator Coats of  Indiana, called the Wyden-Coats plan. Here on the left is the Big 6  framework that he described.   Let me read that again. He said that ``this is a far-right Republican  scheme to endow future generations of the mega wealthy and leave what  amounts to crumbs for the middle-class behind.''   Well, here is the framework he was criticizing by the language I just  provided, and here is his plan in 2011. Each of these plans--the Wyden- Coats plan from 2011 and the one we are considering now--is based on  three individual tax rates. Both the plan the Senator from Oregon once  supported and the one we are now discussing, the framework, would  collapse seven tax brackets in the current system down to three, vastly  simplifying the Tax Code and the burden of complying with that Tax Code  by ordinary Americans. Each plan would also eliminate the alternative  minimum tax. It vastly increases the standard deduction. The Wyden- Coats plan would have tripled it. The Big 6 framework, which he  criticized, doubles the standard deduction, making it so that a married  couple who earn $24,000 or less would be essentially in a zero tax  bracket.   So my question is, What has changed, other than the political party  of the President in office? These changes to our Tax Code used to be  noncontroversial, and certainly not partisan.   The Big 6 plan isn't just similar to the Wyden one, though. It also  shares key features with the so-called Simpson-Bowles plan from 2010,  which not long ago was embraced by a number of Democrats, including the  current minority whip, the Senator from Illinois.   Here is a comparison of the so-called Big 6 framework and the  Simpson-Bowles plan. As you can see, there are a lot of similarities:  seven brackets collapsed into three, eliminating the alternative  minimum tax, and eliminating a number of itemized deductions or so- called base broadeners. It enhances the child tax credit, and it lowers  the corporate rate.   These proposals were once a no-brainer for Republicans and Democrats  alike. So why the change in tune? Our Democratic colleagues used to  think these reforms were long overdue. They were right then, and they  are wrong now.   None other than the Senate minority leader, our colleague from New  York, has said: ``To preserve our international competitiveness, it is  imperative that we seek to reduce the corporate tax rate from 35  percent.'' That was the Senator from New York in 2012. He said: ``This  will boost growth and encourage more companies to reinvest in the  United States.''   He was absolutely correct in 2012. He is entirely wrong now to change  his view and suggest that this is somehow a wrong way to approach  getting the economy growing again and encouraging businesses that have  earned money overseas to bring that money back home and invest it in  businesses and jobs and pay for American workers here at home.    We do need to change incentives, and we do need to spur growth. That  is why the new framework we are considering will create a new tax  structure for small businesses, allowing them to better compete.   Once upon a time, none of this was particularly partisan, and many of  our colleagues across the aisle got the picture. Our colleagues from  Ohio, Minnesota, and Missouri have all said in recent years that we  should lower the corporate tax rate, not because we love corporations  but because we recognize that provides incentives for them to stay here  and invest in jobs and businesses in America rather than overseas. But  it also makes it more likely that hard-working Americans will be able  to find a job and that the jobs they hold will actually pay better  wages. Thanks to our reduction in individual tax rates, they will  actually have more take-home pay. As some have pointed out, this  literally would raise their standard of living and make it possible for  them to provide for their children's education, maybe buy a reliable  car so that they can go back and forth to their job every day, maybe  buy a home, or perhaps save for their retirement.   There is nothing partisan about wanting an updated and more  competitive tax code that will incentivize businesses to keep jobs on  American soil. That is what the so-called reduction in the corporate  rate will do.   Right now, we have the highest corporate rate in the world, so many  businesses have simply picked up their roots here in America and have  moved overseas to countries that have lower tax rates because they  simply can't rationalize to their shareholders, to whom they have a  fiduciary duty, paying higher taxes and remaining in the United States.  So they take it overseas.   Even for those who stay behind--because of our extraordinarily high  tax rate and the fact they literally would have to pay double taxes for  income earned abroad and brought back to the United States--they pay  the tax rate in the country where the money is earned, bring it back to  the United States, and have to pay twice. So they pay 35 percent on top  of whatever they have to pay in the countries where the money is  earned.   Is it any wonder, for example, that IBM--I read this last weekend-- actually has more jobs in India than it does in the United States? Let  me say that again. IBM, the global computer company, has more jobs in  India today than it does in the United States. I have no doubt that has  to do with certain incentives the country will pay to companies to  invest and to build their business in their country, and, no doubt, it  has to do with access to skilled labor. That certainly has to be a part  of it, but there can be no doubt that our Tax Code is simply  encouraging companies like IBM to shift more of their work overseas.  Even if they wanted to bring the money they have earned overseas back  to the United States, they would have to pay twice. So what do they do?  They simply invest in their workforce, they simply invest in their  business in another country, much to our detriment.   If something is broken, which our Tax Code is, it needs to be fixed,  not  [[Page S6271]]  avoided. Our Democratic colleagues need to once again acknowledge this,  as so many of them did when it came to our outdated Tax Code, as I  pointed out. There is no reason why tax reform can't be bipartisan, and  if our colleagues just returned to some of their statements, which I  have highlighted here--if they returned to those policies in a  bipartisan fashion and worked with us, we could change our Tax Code for  the better. We could make it simpler. We could make sure individuals  have lower tax rates so they could have more take-home pay from the  wages they earn and, in the process, improve their standard of living  for themselves and their families. Finally, we could become more  competitive in a global economy where the highest tax rate in the world  does not serve American interests well. It doesn't serve the interests  of American businesses well, and it doesn't serve the interests of  American workers or taxpayers either.   We can do this. All it takes is political will. All it takes is  approaching this in a fashion that benefits all Americans on a  nonpartisan basis. I hope our colleagues will listen.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   