 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong  support of this legislation.   Farming is an inherently risky business. Yet, I am incredibly  grateful to the farmers in my district and across the country who  proudly take on these risks in order to provide our country and many  countries across this globe with a sustainable, abundant food supply.  Given the importance of agriculture to our Nation's food supply, it  makes sense to provide farmers, agribusinesses, and manufacturers the  tools to hedge the risks that come with doing their business.   Because of the risks of price movements in commodities, such as corn  and soybeans, these end users use derivatives to ensure they and their  customers aren't negatively impacted by sudden price changes.   This legislation reauthorizes the CFTC, which has been without a  statutory authorization for almost 4 years. That is unacceptable, Mr.  Chairman. If we are serious about getting back to regular order in  regards to the appropriations process, the authorizing committees must  hold up their end of the bargain.   The derivatives industry has been through major reforms during the  past few years. This legislation recognizes and appreciates the  transformation of this industry while providing Congress with an  opportunity to use the reauthorization process as a means to improve  the regulatory environment and the impact it has on responsible market  participants.   In that vein, this legislation also includes an amendment I offered  at the Committee that would remove unnecessary and duplicative  regulations created by the CFTC that requires certain registered  investment companies, such as mutual funds, to be regulated by both the  SEC and the CFTC.   Costly, burdensome, redundant regulations have real-world impacts.  Congress needs to shift its focus back to policies that promote strong  and healthy markets. This is a great start.   Mr. Chairman, I am proud of the Committee's work on this bill. I want  to express my appreciation for Chairman Conaway's leadership and work  to get us here.   This is an important bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   