 Mr. President, will the Democratic leader yield for a  question?    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   None of these Senators have read the bill.   I have the floor.   The bill is 142 pages long compared to the 2,700-page ObamaCare bill.  They can read the bill; if they have objections to the provisions, we  can debate them, but what they are talking about is a bill that does  not exist, which they have not read.   I object.    Mr. President, all Senators have a copy of the discussion  draft bill. It is a discussion draft which will be open to an amendment  process, with unlimited amendments which can be offered by both sides,  before which we will have a fulsome debate.   Our colleagues here are complaining about secrecy that doesn't exist.  This bill is online. The American people can read it. You can read it.  I would suggest that they do read it before they start criticizing it.    I will.    Mr. President, I would say, in response to my friend from  New York, the fact that we are having to conduct this under the  reconciliation rules is a result of their refusal to participate in the  process, thus necessitating Republicans doing this under budget  reconciliation rules.   If they would do this in a true bipartisan way, where we can get 60  votes to get on the bill and open to an amendment process, we could  have a better bill, but given the refusal of our Democratic colleagues  to participate in the process, this is the only way we can come to the  rescue of the people who are being hurt by the meltdown of ObamaCare  today.    I do object.    Mr. President, would the Senator yield for a question?    Mr. President, I would ask the Senator from Washington if  she is aware of the fact that under the budget reconciliation process,  there will be an unlimited number of amendments that could be offered  by either side to the bill which is ultimately filed?    Mr. President, I would say, in response to my friend the  minority leader, that it is as a result of their refusal to participate  in the usual process of passing legislation through the regular order--   --that we have to resort to the budget reconciliation  process which has a set of statutory provisions and rules.   There will be a fulsome debate. There has already been a debate on a  bill you haven't read. I suggest you take the time to read it, and then  we can talk about the details.   This bill--142 pages compared to 2,700 pages of ObamaCare--doesn't  take that long to read. This is a start. This is not the finish. This  is called the normal legislative process. I suggest colleagues, rather  than criticize a bill they haven't read, they read it, and then let's  have a credible debate.    Mr. President, I am really taken aback by the  characterization of the minority leader here.   The minority has made it clear they don't want to participate in the  process of rescuing the American people from the failures of ObamaCare.    It has been made clear to us that you don't want to  participate in the process, and you are turning a blind eye to the  millions of people being hurt today by outrageous premiums, deductibles  they can't afford, and a loss of choices because insurance companies  have pulled out of the individual market. Your response to them is: We  don't care.   We care, and we are doing our best to deal with this.   This is like going by a car accident with somebody seriously injured,  and rather than stopping and rendering aid, just driving on by. That is  what our colleagues on the other side are doing. They are turning a  blind eye, driving right on by a seriously injured person in a car  accident. We are coming to the rescue of the millions of people who are  being hurt by ObamaCare today.   We would love to have our Democratic friends join us and do something  truly sustainable, but you have to remember, my friends, how this  started: Democrats jammed ObamaCare through on a party-line vote and  Republicans weren't able to participate in that process.   What we are trying to do is we are trying to save the people who are  currently being hurt and whose healthcare has become unaffordable. If  you would like to join us in this process, we would love to have you,  but failing that, we are going to get it done, and you can just drive  by the car wreck.    Mr. President, if I thought that was a sincere offer, I  would take it in a minute--in a New York minute, but it is not.    The fact is, insurance companies are having to go to the  State regulators as we speak to get insurance rates approved for 2018.  That is the urgency we are experiencing here.   Unless we act--and act in an expedited fashion--here, very soon, we  will see millions of people have their insurance rates raised by  another double digits. It has been 105 percent since 2013--105 percent.  ObamaCare was sold under the premise that families of four would see a  reduction of $2,500. If you like your policy, you can keep your policy.  If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. All of that is  false. False. This is a failed experiment.   They may not be willing to help, but we will, and we will get it done  and help the American people who are being hurt by the failure of  ObamaCare today.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, our  colleagues are coming here today and saying they want to participate in  the process to fix what is broken in the Affordable Care Act. Yet I  have in my hand a newspaper article about a letter that the Democratic  leader and his colleagues sent saying they refused to participate in  the process unless we drop all of our plans to repeal and replace  ObamaCare. They refused to participate in the process.   I would point out that the failures of ObamaCare didn't just start  today; it has been failing over 7 years. They did nothing--nothing-- nothing to help the millions of people who are being hurt, who had to  move from full-time work to part-time work because their employer  didn't want to pay the employer penalty for not providing ObamaCare  coverage. We know that many people have been hurt by it and not the  least of whom are the people who are finding their premiums  skyrocketing. They will do so again next year unless we come to their  rescue. They have seen their deductibles so high, they effectively have  been denied the value of their insurance.   I had a conversation a couple of days ago--I won't name the  Democratic Senator because it was done in confidence. The Senator  confided to me that his own son had effectively seen his premiums go up  so high that he had--it cost roughly $12,500 out-of-pocket to deal with  his deductible and to pay his premiums--$12,500. That is not affordable  to anybody, certainly in the middle class.   I object.    Mr. President, I would say to the Senator from Michigan  that we would be happy to work with you on high drug prices. That is a  serious problem and one of the primary cost drivers of healthcare costs  today. But this bill doesn't touch Medicare at all. We leave intact the  healthcare for seniors, and it is not touched by this at all. When the  time comes for us to deal with Medicare, I think that is a debate we  should have and we would welcome.  [[Page S3703]]     Mr. President, maybe I misunderstood the question  initially. I would suggest to the Senator from Michigan that it is the  Democrats, under ObamaCare, who burned down the house because the  individual market for healthcare has been decimated--decimated. And we  are coming to the rescue of those millions of people who don't have  employer-provided insurance. They don't get their coverage under  Medicare or any other government program. They get it from the  individual market. We are talking about individuals and small  businesses. Right now people have almost no choices in many parts of  the country, and for those who have choices, it is simply unaffordable.   It is an important conversation to have on drug prices and Medicare,  and I am happy to do that. That would do nothing--zip, zero, nada--to  help the people who are hurting now as a result of the failures of  ObamaCare, and that is whom we are determined to help by passing this  legislation after an open amendment process and fulsome debate.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    Mr. President, I enjoyed listening to the comments of my  friend, the Senator from Minnesota, and I would just say a couple of  things.  [[Page S3718]]  One is that if 10 or so Democrats would have the courage to work with  us, we could pass a true bipartisan healthcare bill, but the message we  received from Democratic Leader Schumer and others is that they don't  want to get involved in the process. So it is a little hard to take  seriously the statement that if we would just be willing to work with  them, we could get this done, because we have asked, and they have  refused.   But it is not too late. If we could get a bipartisan group of  Senators to actually improve the status quo, which is a disaster under  ObamaCare, then I think we could make progress. But that is not what I  hear.   I hear Senators criticizing the House bill. I guess that is because  they haven't read the Senate bill, and we have said all along that we  want to improve on what the House did. I think the draft bill, which is  just that--it is a draft; it is a work in progress--does represent in  many instances an improvement over the House bill.   I look forward to working with a coalition of the willing, whoever  that might be. I hear some happy talk, but I don't see many people  willing to cross over and actually work with us, roll up their sleeves,  and do the hard work to actually pass a bipartisan bill.   I just have to say, I hear the criticism about cutting Medicaid.  Well, the fact is, under the draft bill that was filed today, the  essential safety net for low-income Americans is preserved. We actually  will end up spending more money next year than this year and more money  the following year because what we do is add a consumer price index  increase.   As the Presiding Officer knows, being a practicing physician, this is  a complex issue, but the fact is, it is absolutely critical to  reforming Medicaid and making it work better. In addition to spending  more money each year, which is not a cut in most of America--maybe it  is in Washington, DC--as we all know, Medicaid is an open-ended  entitlement, so if you qualify based on your income, then you get  access to Medicaid. Medicaid continues to drive the budgets--not only  the Federal Government but also the State government--and crowd out  other priorities that are also important, such as law enforcement and  education.   What we have decided we must do is to put Medicaid on a sustainable  path by spending more money each year on low-income Americans. We still  have some more work to do. But the idea that just because--compared to  an uncapped entitlement with no limits on spending--we end up spending  a set amount, as we spent this year or will spend next year and add  more each year based on the cost-of-living index, that somehow is a  cut, is just ludicrous. That is certainly not my understanding of what  a cut is; it is a reduction in the rate of growth. So if you call that  a cut, that assumes we are going to spend all of that uncapped amount  of money, and we can't sustain the program if we do that.    This is one of the three major entitlement programs--Medicaid,  Medicare, and Social Security. I think it is our obligation, our duty,  as we are saving the millions of people who are being hurt by the  status quo and ObamaCare, to act responsibly to make sure this safety  net program is available for low-income people going forward. We all  should agree on that--that it is important and that we ought to put it  on a sustainable, responsible fiscal path.   So this was kind of an interesting experience here this morning. We  roll out the discussion draft of the ObamaCare repeal-and-replace bill,  we put it on the internet, we make sure everybody has access to it, and  we ask for their input, their advice, and their suggestions, and we are  starting to get suggestions. We welcome suggestions that people have to  this initial discussion draft. But you have to start somewhere, and  this is where we are going to start. Then we will have a process next  week whereby any Senator who has an amendment to the bill has an  absolute right to file that amendment and get a vote on it. I can't  imagine a more transparent and open process than putting it on the  internet, inviting people to comment and discuss, and then having an  open amendment process following debate and then vote. That is what we  are supposed to do--vote.   So I think today represents a big step forward in saving those  Americans who are being punished by health insurance choices that limit  their right to choose a product at a price they can afford that suits  their family's needs.   We know what the promises were, and I guess I just have to repeat  them again. President Obama said: If you like your policy, you can keep  your policy. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. An  average family of four will see a $2,500 decrease in their insurance  premiums.   What we have seen is a $3,000 increase in insurance premiums for the  average family of four--not a decrease of $2,500, an increase of  $3,000. And people who buy their health coverage on the insurance  exchanges in the individual market have experienced a 105-percent  increase in their premiums. Now, I don't know about you, but there are  not many things that come out of my paycheck on which I can sustain  over a period of just a few years an increase like that of 105 percent.  Imagine if you had a 105-percent increase in your rent payments for  your apartment or your mortgage payments for your house or your car  payments or anything else. That is harmful and damaging to hard-working  Americans, and it really is a breach of faith with them, when they were  told when ObamaCare passed that they would actually save $2,500.   This discussion draft that was released today and put on the internet  and is available to anybody who wants access to it is a product of  years of debate on this floor and discussions among not just  Republicans but the entire Senate and our constituents as well. We made  our ideas public, and we sought feedback.   The Senate Finance Committee alone, on which the distinguished  Presiding Officer and I serve, has had no fewer than 36 hearings on  ObamaCare since 2011, ranging from the high cost of ObamaCare to  transparency in the Medicaid system.   Just this year, there have been dozens of meetings throughout our  conference. We would love to include Democrats, but they have chosen  not to participate. Since May 4 alone, 18 of our conference lunches  have been entirely dedicated to healthcare. There is a practical reason  for that too--because without Democrats participating in the process,  we have 52 Republicans in order to get 51 votes to pass a bill. That  means everybody is essential to a successful outcome in repealing and  replacing ObamaCare.   So no one has been excluded. Everybody's ideas have been solicited.  That doesn't even count individual meetings we have had with Senators  and constituents.   Even after receiving this discussion draft, some of my colleagues  across the aisle continue to refuse to enter into debate because they  say it is not a final bill. Well, that is the point. We didn't present  this as a fait accompli; we presented this as a place to start. And  they don't even want to start. All they want to do is criticize. But  they don't want to criticize an actual bill; they want to criticize the  House bill, because they haven't even read the 142-page Senate bill.  This is called a discussion draft for a reason: We are opening up a  conversation and a discussion with the American people.   But we know Senate Democrats have chosen not to help to clean up the  mess left by ObamaCare. I don't really understand how they can turn a  blind eye or a deaf ear to their constituents. I am confident, with all  of the people who are writing and calling me in Texas, that they have  to have people in their States who are calling them and saying: My  premiums are skyrocketing. My deductible is so high that I effectively  don't have access to insurance.   By the way, the insurance companies are pulling out of my State as  fast as they can because they are hemorrhaging money.   I don't know why they are not motivated to work with us, but  apparently that is the decision they have made.   Unfortunately, I think it goes back to this: When President Obama  visited Capitol Hill the last time, in January of 2017, he had one  message to Senate Democrats; that is, don't work with Republicans on  healthcare. The President of the United States said don't work with  Republicans on healthcare. This flew in the face of three consecutive  elections since ObamaCare had passed where the voters had clearly  [[Page S3719]]  demonstrated their dissatisfaction with how ObamaCare actually worked.  That shouldn't have been a surprise to anybody.   I remember being here on Christmas Eve 2009 when Democrats passed  ObamaCare with only Democrat votes at 7:30 in the morning. No  Republicans voted for the bill; only Democrats voted for the bill.  Since that time, they have gone from 60 Democratic Senators down to 48.  They went from the majority in the House to the minority in the House.  They went from holding the White House to Republicans now holding the  White House. To me, the message isn't all that confusing, nor is it  subtle. It is clear to me that the American people have rejected the  failed promises of ObamaCare and have, frankly, punished our Democratic  colleagues for passing it in the way they did and as a result of the  failure to keep the promises that were made when it was sold.   I have heard these concerns from my constituents in Texas for the  last 7 years. I have read their letters and their emails, sharing some  of their stories here on the Senate floor.   This law has been expensive--about $1 trillion in new taxes. People  wonder why the economy hasn't grown during the Obama administration and  since the great recession of 2008. One reason is because of the huge  tax burden and because of the regulatory burdens it imposed on small  businesses, which are the primary engine of job growth in the country,  and ObamaCare has been part of the reason for that.   To my mind, this discussion draft does five things.   First, our legislation zeroes in on the unstable individual market.   Under ObamaCare, insurance markets across the country have languished  under high costs and taxes, and the result has been that 70 percent of  counties nationwide have fewer than two insurers to choose from. Less  competition means higher prices because companies don't have to compete  for the sale of a policy. In my State, one-third of Texas counties have  only one insurance option. That is not exactly a choice; that is a  monopoly.   Our legislation will help the collapsing insurance markets that have  left millions of people with no options by creating a stabilization  fund that will balance premium costs and address the lack of coverage  that so many across the country have been experiencing.   I don't care what our critics say, we are not pulling the rug out  from anyone. We will continue Federal assistance for healthcare markets  through 2021 to make the transition smooth, much unlike our experience  with ObamaCare. Ultimately, if we want to encourage a market to lower  costs while providing better quality care, we have to get the  government out of the way.   The only thing I hear from our Senate Democrats is that they want  more government involvement in your healthcare. That seems to be their  default position. Well, we know from the failed experiment of ObamaCare  that it doesn't work, at least insofar as the promises that were made  when it was sold. So why would they default to a position of more  government as opposed to more freedom to let you choose instead of  government choosing for you and to punish you with a penalty if you  don't buy the product that government orders you to buy?   Our second goal is making healthcare coverage more affordable.   Under ObamaCare, taxes and mandates cost the American economy $1  trillion--I mentioned that a moment ago--which, as our constituents  felt firsthand, was ultimately paid by patients through higher  healthcare cost.   Our friends across the aisle think we can raise taxes by $1 trillion  and it won't have any impact on the consumer. Well, that is just  ridiculous. We all know that those expenses get passed on to the  consumer and that they get passed on in the form of higher healthcare  costs. So when you tax prescriptions, for example, well, it is going to  cost more. When you tax health insurance plans, which ObamaCare did,  premiums are going to go up. And guess what. Taxing medical devices  increases the cost of those devices and leads to job losses because  they leave the United States, and they make those lifesaving medical  products offshore in order to avoid the medical device taxes.   These taxes and mandates have crippled our economy, and my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle recognize that as well. That is why our  healthcare plan will improve affordability by addressing ObamaCare's  taxes, which have hurt American families directly by making their  healthcare less affordable. This framework provides a long-term State  innovation fund that encourages States to assist high-cost and low- income individuals, making healthcare more affordable.   We are also encouraging tax credits to help defray the cost of  purchasing insurance, adjusted for age, geographical location, and  income, so that those who need financial assistance get the help they  need.   Health savings accounts will also be expanded under our draft, giving  Americans the choice of buying a hospitalization plan which covers  major medical costs--not if they choose not to buy a comprehensive  health insurance policy but, rather, to save money in a health savings  account to be used for healthcare if they need it, and if they don't  need it, they can use it for their savings. We give them that option,  which they don't currently have under ObamaCare.   The third principle is something our Democratic colleagues can  certainly agree with us on, I assume, unless their reflexive action is  to disagree with us on everything regardless of the facts, which  sometimes seems to be the case, and that is, we should protect those  with preexisting conditions. No American should worry about their  ability to be covered when they move from job to job.   Our draft legislation also allows children to stay on their parents'  policies through age 26.   There are no changes to healthcare for veterans, for Medicare, or  changes to Social Security.   Our fourth point of action is safeguarding Medicaid, which I  addressed a little earlier, by giving States more flexibility. As we  know, Medicaid is paid for by both a State and a Federal share, but the  Federal Government sets the conditions by which that money can be spent  on healthcare in the State as part of a low-income safety  net. Bureaucrats in Washington, DC, shouldn't decide how Medicaid is  applied in Texas. I don't know what rationale exists there. Why should  the Federal Government tell a State how to spend its own money under  Medicaid?    I believe States know how to handle this best because they are  closest to the problem and they can design healthcare programs that  meet the needs of those States. I dare say, the healthcare needs in  Texas are much different from States like Vermont, Idaho, or other  States--smaller States, certainly, with a more homogenous population.  We have a very diverse State. We have a large number of noncitizens in  my State. So why not send the money to the States and give them the  flexibility to design programs to deal with the needs of their people?  That is why our draft allows States to choose between a block grant and  a per capita support for the Medicaid population starting in 2020.   We have done our dead-level best to make sure our draft doesn't leave  anyone out, to ensure that the most vulnerable have protection-- including children with medically complex disabilities.   Perhaps most importantly is the fundamental goal of this legislation  to free the American family from ObamaCare mandates that have hit them  where it hurts the most. We are giving Americans back their freedom of  choice when it comes to healthcare, which has so long been denied them  under the command-and-control regime of ObamaCare.   Our healthcare plan empowers families to make their own choices. It  repeals the individual mandate which punishes you if you don't buy the  government-approved policy and the employer mandate that has resulted  from people going from full-time work to part-time work because  employers have sought to avoid that penalty. Finally, no longer will  folks be forced to buy plans they don't need at a price they can't  afford.   I believe this is the framework for better care. But we are going to  continue to discuss this plan and talk to anybody who is willing to  talk to us  [[Page S3720]]  and work with us. If there is a way the bill can be strengthened, I am  open to it. But the status quo isn't working, and our Democratic  colleagues know it.   This morning, I likened it as happening upon a terrible accident on  the highway. We know people have been injured, and we have two choices:  We can either stop and render aid--which is what we are trying to do  for people hurt by the failures of ObamaCare--or you can drive right on  by.   Unfortunately, our Democratic colleagues have simply chosen to look  the other way and drive on by. But before them is a real solution, one  that has a chance to change the lives of millions of Americans for the  better. So we hope they will reconsider and join us.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   