 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to use 10 minutes  of the Republicans' allotted time because my side has used all of our  time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I rise today to discuss the nomination of  Dr. Heather Wilson to be Secretary of the Air Force.   The Secretary of the Air Force is an important and influential  position within our national security structure. As the head of the  military Department, the Secretary of the Air Force oversees  recruiting, organizing, training, and equipping of the force. The next  Air Force Secretary will oversee the Defense Department's most complex  and costly acquisition programs in history. The Secretary will also  lead 495,000 Active-Duty, Guard, and Reserve members through the  challenges of rebuilding long-term sustainable readiness, while  contending with ongoing operational demands around the globe.   Dr. Wilson has the knowledge and expertise to serve in that role. She  is a graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy and a Rhodes scholar. She  served in the House of Representatives and on the House Armed Services  Committee and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.  Currently, Dr. Wilson is president of the South Dakota School of Mines  and Technology.   Without question, Dr. Wilson has notable credentials, but I have  significant concerns about certain of her past actions. First, Heather  Wilson & Company, LLC, founded by Dr. Wilson following her tenure in  Congress, had contracts with four National Nuclear Security  Administration, or NNSA, laboratories--Sandia National Laboratories,  Los Alamos National Laboratory, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, and  Nevada National Security Site. From January 2009 through part of 2011,  Dr. Wilson's company received $464,000 in payments from these  laboratories for consulting services.   However, due to claims of contracting irregularities involving the  company, the Department of Energy inspector general conducted two  investigations into this matter. As a result, the contractors that  operated the laboratories on behalf of the government paid back at  least $442,877 to the Department of Energy with respect to payments  made to Dr. Wilson's company. The rationale for the repayments was the  absence of any appreciable evidence of work product. Furthermore,  Lockheed Martin, which operated Sandia National Laboratories, agreed to  an overall settlement of $4.7 million for their management failures.   Let me be clear. Dr. Wilson was not found culpable of wrongdoing.  Nevertheless, the allegations that were levied are serious and directly  involved her company. As such, during her confirmation hearing, I asked  Dr. Wilson about these contracts and the allegations of impropriety.  Unfortunately, I did not receive a satisfactory response. Dr. Wilson  deflected any suggestions that she bore any responsibility for these  contracting irregularities.   As concerning as these allegations are, there was another incident  that I found even more problematic as we reviewed Dr. Wilson's  qualifications to serve as Secretary of the Air Force. In October of  2006, while serving as a Member of the House of Representatives, Dr.  Wilson contacted a sitting U.S. attorney, David C. Iglesias, who was  appointed by President George W. Bush, regarding the status of Federal  corruption cases in New Mexico. This action was highly unusual and  contrary to guidance in effect at the time from the House Ethics  Committee. In fact, the House Ethics Manual provided that a request for  background information or a status report from a U.S. attorney ``may in  effect be an indirect or subtle effort to influence the substantive  outcome of the proceedings.'' The guidance provided by the manual  stated that the best way to communicate any inquiry or question was in  writing, in order to make it part of the proceedings.   As a former Member of the House myself, I have deep concerns about  this action in terms of House ethics rules and the possibility that a  Federal prosecutor may have felt pressured by Congress in an ongoing  investigation.   In September of 2008, a joint report by the Department of Justice  inspector general and the Department of Justice Office of Professional  Responsibility, which investigated the removal of nine U.S. attorneys,  including Mr. Iglesias, concluded that ``the evidence we have developed  so far shows that Wilson . . . in fact called Iglesias before the  election, and that the substance of the call led Iglesias to believe he  was being pressured to indict the courthouse case before the upcoming  election.''   During her nomination hearing, Dr. Wilson testified that she called  Mr. Iglesias because, in her words, ``an individual or constituent with  knowledge of ongoing investigations told me that the U.S. Attorney was  intentionally delaying corruption prosecutions, and I felt as though I  had to address that allegation in some appropriate way.'' However, as I  previously mentioned, contacting a U.S. attorney in this manner was  clearly contrary to the ethics rules that govern the conduct of Members  of the House of Representatives.   Perhaps Dr. Wilson, though, does deserve the benefit of the doubt.  Maybe her intention, when she called Mr. Iglesias, was not to pressure  him. However, when I asked Dr. Wilson the name of the individual who  made the allegation about Mr. Iglesias's intentionally delaying  corruption prosecutions, she refused to provide the person's name. Dr.  Wilson argued that she had an obligation not to reveal who it was who  made a highly politicized and unusual charge against Mr. Iglesias.   I think providing the name of the person is important because it  helps us to understand the purpose of Dr. Wilson's call to Mr.  Iglesias. It is one thing if a concerned constituent with no ties or  interests in corruption cases under investigation innocuously contacted  Dr. Wilson. Perhaps her subsequent call to Mr. Iglesias could be  excused. But because we do not have the name, we have no way to verify  the motive. It remains very possible that the person who contacted Dr.  Wilson wanted to pressure Mr. Iglesias to move forward with these  pending corruption cases. If that is the case, it casts Dr. Wilson's  call to Mr. Iglesias in a much different light. Unfortunately, without  further information from Dr. Wilson, I will not be able to resolve my  concerns about this incident.   The two issues I have just discussed have reluctantly led me to  conclude that while Dr. Wilson has excellent academic and professional  qualifications, I must vote against her nomination before the full  Senate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   