 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, the goal of forest management should be to make our  forests more resilient--more resilient to the impacts of climate  change, drought, and wildlife--but contrary to its title, H.R. 2936,  the so-called Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017, does not achieve  these goals.   This bill includes exemptions from analyses required under the  National Environmental Policy Act, restricts judicial review of certain  forest management activities, amends the Equal Access to Justice Act to  limit payment of attorneys' fees, and scales back the wildlife  conservation efforts of the Endangered Species Act.   Mr. Chairman, this bill desperately needs improvement, and I am  disappointed that my commonsense amendment--offered both in committee  and again to Rules, this time with my colleague, Mr. Beyer from  Virginia--is not being considered by the House.   My amendment would have struck two sections of this bill that are  designed to allow approval of timber projects without adequate  consideration of the impacts to some of the most vulnerable living  creatures on Earth: those listed as threatened or endangered under the  Endangered Species Act.   The first offending section would put the U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service on a 90-day shot clock to complete consultations required under  section 7 of the ESA. Such a provision is both unnecessary and deeply  harmful.   The second section my amendment would have struck is designed to  prevent ESA consultation from happening altogether when FWS lists a new  species or designates critical habitat for a listed species. This  simply defies logic.   Getting ESA consultation right--and ensuring that it happens in the  first place--is a small price to pay for preserving irreplaceable parts  of our natural heritage.   Mr. Chairman, H.R. 2936 attacks responsible forest management policy  and promotes commercial logging at the expense of sound environmental  review.   Instead of giving gifts to special interests, Congress should be  addressing the effects of climate change, working to reduce the risk of  wildfire, and fixing the wildfire budget.   Mr. Chairman, this bill takes us many steps in the wrong direction,  and I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   