 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great State of  Texas, Congressman Veasey, for his leadership under Congressman  Richmond, and for what he and Delegate Stacey Plaskett have been  providing over the last couple of weeks.   Right now, as Members of Congress, we are in what I call an Article  I, section 1 moment. Article I, section 1 in the Constitution grants us  this power. We need to harness the power of the process to ensure that  accountability and transparency for Philadelphians, Pennsylvanians, and  all the American people.   We know that voting is a fundamental right, and we know that the  Federal Government should not be in the business of dealing with  personal information of voters nationwide. Philadelphians,  Pennsylvanians, and Americans have a right to privacy. Myself and my  colleagues before you today intend to do everything we can to ensure  privacy is guaranteed and protected   The Trump administration has yet to instill confidence and garner  respect from the American people. Voting is a right that cannot and  will not be taken away. The right to vote is a core American value and  guiding principle that must be protected and not tampered with in any  way.   Believe me when I tell you, President Trump, we know what you are  trying to do here. We see the actions of your administration for what  they are. Our neighborhoods are at risk of voter suppression, and we  cannot and will not stand for it.   Last week, I was proud to join my colleagues, the chairman of the  Congressional Black Caucus, Chairman Richmond, and the United States  Senator from New Jersey, when they stood up last week and introduced a  piece of legislation to revoke President Trump's executive order.  [[Page H5909]]    I am proud to stand with the Governor of my State and my friend,  Governor Tom Wolf, who has been very outspoken in speaking out for  Pennsylvanians all across the Commonwealth and clearly told the  President he will not disclose personal PA voter information.   I want to leave you with a quote from Dr. King: ``We may have all  come on different ships, but we are in the same boat now.''   I have lived my entire life in the City of Philadelphia and know that  it is a sanctuary city. We are so much stronger when we celebrate our  differences and use them as strengths to uplift us.   We will not accept this voter suppression. Together, we will ensure  the choir of our voices are heard loud and clear. We have an obligation  to build a stronger tomorrow for all of our neighborhoods.   Mr. Speaker, I join with my colleagues from the Congressional Black  Caucus to send a message, a message and a voice that we will not just  sit here idly by. We will not allow this process to just run roughshod.   As I said from the beginning, this is an Article I, section 1 moment  where we all recognize that we, in Congress, Democrat and Republican  alike, recognize that we have an obligation and responsibility to the  American public. And this is not about partisanship. This is about a  fundamental right, and we don't take it lightly.   So I applaud the leadership, again, of my colleague from the great  State of Texas, for what he is providing here, and all the members of  the Congressional Black Caucus.   