 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is really the question: Why in the world are we  taking up a bill to terminate a board that does not exist? Why in the  world are we doing so when premiums are rising and action should be  taken to strengthen them? Why in the world are we passing a bill that  would increase the deficit by $17.6 billion? Pay for CHIP, the  Republicans say, but not this bill.   So however you feel about IPAB, this is the wrong time and the wrong  bill for addressing it. The ACA enrollment period began yesterday, and  because of actions of the Trump administration, consumers across the  country face confusion and instability in the market.   Rather than addressing these urgent issues, we are engaged today in a  political exercise to repeal IPAB, a board that has no members under a  provision that has never taken effect and is not projected to be  triggered before 2021, according to CMS actuaries.   In September, every Democratic member of the Ways and Means Committee  wrote to Chairman Brady urging bipartisan action to stabilize the  insurance market. But after repeated requests, we never received a  response from the chairman, and, to date, the House has taken no action  on behalf of consumers.   In the meanwhile, the Trump administration has continued to work to  undermine the law and access to healthcare by: one, cutting off funding  for cost-sharing assistance for moderate-income enrollees; two,  slashing funds to navigators that help consumers enroll in coverage-- the biggest navigator in Michigan had its funding cut by 90 percent;  three, shortening the enrollment period; four, shutting down  healthcare.gov on weekends; and five, proposing to chip away at  consumer protections through executive fiat.   These actions have significantly contributed to insurers exiting the  market and raising premiums. It is nothing less than direct and  deliberate sabotage; so, instead, the Republicans today bring up a bill  about a board that does not exist, and the latest is it would not until  2021, at the earliest.   There are simple actions that we can take today to repair some of the  damage and, thereby, improve the insurance markets. Senators Lamar  Alexander and Patty Murray recently came to a bipartisan agreement that  would provide funding for the cost-sharing reductions and outreach and  enrollment activities that strengthen the risk pool in the marketplace.   Unfortunately, as we see today, my Republican colleagues continue to  ignore these and other important issues, while allowing an  administration, obsessed with repeal of ACA, to do so through executive  action what could not be done legislatively.   What is more, they are bringing to the floor today a bill that the  Congressional Budget Office estimates will raise the deficit by $17.5  billion over the next decade. I repeat, raise the deficit by $17.5  billion over the next decade. And this is just a small preview of the  coming GOP tax bill, which would increase our Nation's debt by $1.5  trillion according to the Republican's own budget resolution.    And whatever happened to the crocodile tears we used to hear from  Republicans about the deficit? In terms of today's bill lacking any  offset, how about at least starting to address the staggering cost of  prescription drugs, a step that would save both senior citizens and the  Medicare program money.   Mr. Speaker, the American people need Congress to take action to  lower their healthcare costs and to stabilize the markets. They do not  need today an irrelevant political bill such as H.R. 849. If you  support real steps to lower health insurance premiums now, vote ``no''  on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Kind).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Wisconsin.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, unless Mr.  Paulsen is ready to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to say this to my colleagues, whom I very much  respect, who signed on to this bill, many of them early on this year.  There have been three changes of circumstance:   First, right then, it appeared that IPAB might come into existence in  2017. Now the actuary has made clear that will not happen under these  circumstances until 2021.   Secondly, since the bill was introduced, circumstances have changed.  The administration has taken steps to undercut healthcare for  Americans. So because of cost-sharing and other issues, premiums have  been rising. That is a second change of circumstance why this is the  wrong bill at the wrong time.   Third, the last time it came up, it was paid for. In the Committee on  Ways and Means, when we raised this issue, we were told, as always:  Well, we don't have to pay for it in the committee, but it can be paid  for on the floor.   This is totally unpaid for, zero, no effort to pay for it, and it  would add $17.5 billion to the national debt. Already, it is at its  record level with, now, the threat of $1.5 trillion more.   So I really urge, no matter what were the circumstances when you  signed on, in almost every case they have changed, and so there is such  good reason why this is the wrong bill at the wrong time, and I think  to vote for this is really the wrong vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   