 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Thompson and the  ranking member for helping to bring this bill, in a bipartisan way, to  the floor. I appreciate your support on H.R. 2937.   This legislation will help address the complex legal and funding- related challenges for abandoned mine lands across the Nation.   The Community Reclamation Partnerships Act amends the Surface Mining  Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to enable States to partner with  nongovernmental entities to reclaim abandoned mine sites and facilitate  acid mine drainage cleanup across the country.   Nongovernmental entities, like Trout Unlimited, have recognized the  need for reclamation in coal communities and are willing to contribute  their resources and expertise to address the problem. Unfortunately,  liability and regulatory concerns have discouraged them from  participating and partnering with the States on reclamation projects.  This legislation enables nongovernmental entities' participation in  State reclamation programs by minimizing undeserved liability and  codifying proven practices established by the State reclamation  agencies.   This legislation also addresses a frequent problem that States  experience in addressing water pollution at abandoned mine land sites.  States must choose between risking noncompliance under the Clean Water  Act or foregoing acid mine drainage abatement projects altogether. Some  States, like Pennsylvania, have successfully addressed this problem by  establishing their own guidelines for the treatment of water pollution  at abandoned mine land sites. These State-specific strategies have  resulted in successful water treatment projects and a significant  reduction in acid mine drainage in several States. We want to replicate  that across the country with this legislation.   Currently, State reclamation activities have been funded solely by  fees levied on the coal industry over the past four decades. These fees  have resulted in reclamation of approximately $4 billion of abandoned  mine land liabilities. However, according to the Department of the  Interior, the estimated remediation costs exceeds $10 billion across  the country.   The outstanding abandoned mine land liabilities in Illinois, my home  State, is $156 million; and in my district, the 18th Congressional  District, it is $17 million. The cost of reclaiming these sites will  continue to strain State resources in the coming decades, and the  conditions of these sites will only worsen over time.   In short, this bill empowers State and local community leaders who  want to assist in abandoned mine cleanup efforts so that future  development can occur in these areas. No group should be punished for  wanting to help out their local community in a responsible way.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2937 brings more resources to bear on this  considerable challenge, and I urge adoption of this bipartisan measure.    