 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Lucas amendment to H.R.  238. This amendment works to provide much-needed relief and certainty  for American companies by clarifying how the internal risk reducing  transactions amongst the businesses' own affiliates are regulated. Many  businesses of all types and sizes in our country use derivatives to  manage the risks they face within their daily operations.  Interaffiliate swaps are a commonly used and effective internal risk  management tool these businesses rely upon.   Unfortunately, derivatives reforms implemented under Dodd-Frank fail  to distinguish the difference between interaffiliate transactions and  transactions executed between unaffiliated third parties. Such internal  transactions ensure firms to centralize their risk management  activities between affiliate counterparties and do not create  additional counterparty exposure outside of a corporate group. This  amendment, therefore, clarifies that interaffiliate swaps are not  subject to the same regulatory requirements as external, market-facing  swaps between third parties.   In addition, this amendment is consistent with the CFTC's attempts to  provide similar relief through rule exceptions and no-action letters.  While such actions by the CFTC have provided relief, they do not  provide a workable, clear, and predictable set of regulations that  market participants can effectively operate under.   This amendment will keep in place appropriate regulatory reforms and  provide much-needed regulatory and legal certainty for U.S. companies.  Please join me in supporting this needed reform.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remainder of my time  simply to note to my colleagues the goal of this amendment is to allow  business entities to efficiently manage their risk. If that risk is  managed internally where it is no threat to third parties then they  should have the ability to do it in the most efficient fashion. As I  noted in my earlier comments, CFTC has provided similar relief through  rule exceptions and no-action letters. What we are trying to do here is  clarify this situation.   As far as one of the previous chairmen of the CFTC, while a very  enthusiastic regulator, I would note that I and many participants down  through the years have disagreed with his interpretations on several  things. But, with that, I have the greatest respect for my colleague  over there. This is a sincere difference of opinion.   Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Conaway) who is the chairman of the full committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   