 Mr. President. I thank the Senator from Oregon, my  friend, for his extraordinarily kind words. He, too, has been a leader  introducing the first net neutrality bill back in 2006, before I came  to the Senate.   I rise to talk about tomorrow's vote at the FCC on a proposal that  would throw out the strong net neutrality rules Americans have fought  so hard for. They are rules that ensure that all content on the  internet receives equal treatment from broadband providers regardless  of who owns it or how deep their pockets are.   Plain and simple, these rules are about ensuring that the internet  remains the platform for innovation, economic growth, and freedom of  expression, as it has always been.   As I reflect on my time in the Senate, there are, of course, moments  that stand out as particularly significant. One such moment came in  February 2015, when American consumers and businesses celebrated the  FCC's landmark vote to preserve a free and open internet by  reclassifying broadband providers as common carriers under title II of  the Communications Act.   While I had long urged the FCC to ground net neutrality rules in the  agency's authority under title II, it wasn't just the outcome of this  vote that made such an impression on me then, or now, as I am looking  back.   The FCC's 2015 vote came after the agency received nearly 4 million  public comments, making it the then most commented on FCC issue by a  factor of three. The vast majority of these comments urged the agency  to enact strong rules protecting net neutrality, protecting the equal  treatment of all content on the internet, which has been the  architecture of the internet since the very beginning. Americans from  across the political spectrum organized to ensure that their voices  were heard, and they were. This was democracy in action.   Now, as Chairman Pai pushes forward to undo the open internet order,  we have seen another awe-inspiring demonstration of grassroots  advocacy. Millions of Americans from every corner of the Nation and  background imaginable are joining the movement online and in the  streets to ask the chairman to rethink his dangerous proposal and to  preserve net neutrality.   When things get tough, as they have, time and time again in the last  year, Americans have resisted in protest. It is these movements that  make the difference. Just look at the Republicans' failed attempt to  repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.   Ironically, the kind of civic participation that has aspired so many  of us in recent months and has affected real change depends, in no  small part, on an open internet. If the Chairman ultimately has his  way, we will be entering a world where every voice might not matter, a  world where a handful of multibillion-dollar companies have the power  to bury sites offering alternative viewpoints or control how users get  their information, a world where the deepest pockets can pay for a fast  lane while their competitors stall in a slow lane.   See, it is because of net neutrality that people from across the  Nation can connect with each other, share their ideas on the internet,  and organize a community effort just like the Project Net Neutrality  protests we have seen at Verizon stores across the country.   I have spent nearly the entirety of my time in the Senate pushing for  strong net neutrality rules. I have always called it the ``free speech  issue of our time'' because it embraces our most basic constitutional  freedoms. Unrestricted public debate is vital to the functioning of our  democracy. Now, perhaps more than ever, the need to preserve a free and  open internet is abundantly clear, so we can't give up now.   Three years ago, the FCC sustained strong net neutrality rules, and  millions of Americans voiced their support for them. The FCC must  maintain and fully enforce the important court-tested rules that are  already in place. Also, perhaps more importantly, the agency must  respect the democratic process and the voices that made themselves so  clear in 2014 and over the course of the last few months. There is just  too much at stake.   Thank you, Mr. President.   