 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Wisconsin and  also my colleague from Vermont. Their words have been very powerful.   I also rise to talk about healthcare. We are told in the Senate that  tomorrow we vote, but we don't know what we will be voting on. We will  bring up a House bill that, by virtually every account, is not going to  be the bill that we will be voting on, but we don't yet know which  version of healthcare we will be voting on if we proceed to the debate.   It is like a three-card monte game. There are all sorts of different  versions that are out there on the table. One version would take health  insurance away from 22 million people, one from 25 million, and one  from 32 million, and we are not being told which one we will vote on.   When I was a kid, there was a TV show we used to watch, ``Let's Make  a Deal.'' One of the features of the show was this: What is behind door  No. 1, and what is behind door No. 2? The contestants would have the  opportunity to pick. One would be great, and one would be a disaster.  That was the fun of the game show: What is behind door No. 1? What is  behind door No. 2?   But this isn't about a game show. We are not participating in a game  show. We are participating in a decision about the most important  aspect of any person's life--their health--and about the most important  expenditure they ever make with a dollar--a healthcare expenditure--and  about the largest sector of the American economy--healthcare.   Instead of treating the issue with the gravity it deserves, there is  a secret plan and a mystery vote without any hearings, shutting out the  committees, including the HELP Committee, where I serve, shutting out  the minority party, which represents 48 of the 100 Senators in this  body, and, most importantly, shutting out the public. As the Senator  from Vermont mentioned, in this body, the greatest deliberative body in  the world, we have not had a single hearing. We have not heard from a  single doctor, a single patient, a single hospital, a single nurse, a  single insurance company, or a single medical innovator. We are about  to take a vote on the most important expenditure in anyone's life and  the largest sector in the American economy following a completely  closed process where it has been the will of the majority to keep the  door shut.   This isn't a game show.   Let me tell you how real this is. I did something on Friday that I  often do. I started doing this in 2002. I live in Richmond, but I drive  a number of hours to Wise County, VA, which is a county on the border  between Virginia and Kentucky. It is a county where my wife's family is  from. She grew up in Roanoke, but her dad is from Big Stone Gap, VA, in  Wise County, right across the border from Pike and Hazard Counties in  Kentucky.   There is a fairground in Wise--the Virginia-Kentucky fairgrounds.  Back in the late 1990s, a Catholic nun, Sister Bernie, and two other  wonderful nurses who have become friends--Teresa and Paula--decided to  try to offer healthcare for people who didn't have health insurance at  this county fairground. They just set up with a few volunteers, and  they said: If you live in Appalachia, if you don't have health  insurance, if you need medical care or dental care, just come and we  will see what we can do. They do this every July, for one weekend a  year.   Here is what this has grown into. I first went when I was Lieutenant  Governor in 2002. People start to arrive. I have talked about this on  the floor. I just did it Friday, and I want to share some stories. They  start to arrive Tuesday or Wednesday in cars. They camp in the  campground. Now, it is July, and this weekend was the hottest weekend  in the summer. They start camping with their kids, often in cars. Some  are sleeping in cars. Some are throwing blankets out on the lawn next  to a chain-link fence. They wait in the tens, in the dozens, in the  fifties, in the hundreds.   Then they open the door at 6 a.m. It is Friday morning, and the  people who have waited for days come in and get a number to see if they  can get healthcare on Friday, Saturday, or Sunday from volunteer  doctors in the richest Nation and the most compassionate Nation in the  world.   When they opened the door on Friday morning, I was down there. I do  what I do. I go and I work the registration booth, and I talk to people  and register them so they can get healthcare. I got there a little  late. They had opened the door at 6 a.m., and I got there 8 a.m. They  had already given out numbers to 1,200 people in the first 2 hours.  Over the course of the weekend, they serve thousands of people.   They come in to get dental care. For most of them, their teeth are  too far gone. So it is just a matter of pulling their teeth. Some come  in to have most of their teeth pulled, and then they can get dentures.  They get an eye exam and find out: Wow, I should have gotten glasses 5  or 10 years ago. No wonder I have been such a poor student all the way  through school, or no wonder I have had such a hard time on my job. I  needed glasses.   They get a cancer screening. Sometimes they get something caught  early, and sometimes they get something caught very late.   It is an amazing spectacle. It is uplifting because of the volunteers  who turn out--doctors, dental hygienists, nurses, and the Lion's Club,  which comes to do vision screenings. That is uplifting.   It is depressing and it is heartbreaking to see people sleeping up  against chain-linked fences and sleeping crunched over in their car for  days so that they can get a little bit of free healthcare in the  richest Nation on Earth.   When I work the registration booth, I have to ask people a series of  questions so that they know who they can go see when they are there. I  worked the booth for about an hour and a half. Here is a question you  ask everybody: How long has it been since you have seen a doctor? How  long has it been since you have seen a doctor?   I had a mother of four kids. The kids were 12 and under, and they  were sort  [[Page S4156]]  of buzzing around. The mom was sitting in a chair. You know what  happens if you are a mom with kids that young. Your kids pick up  something in school. They bring it home, and you get sick. This is what  happens to parents. I have a colleague here with young kids, and he  knows what I am talking about.   I asked the mother: How long has it been since you have seen a  doctor?   I am not really sure.   So I was kind of going through my checklist. Have you seen a doctor  within the last year?   No, not within the last year.   Have you seen a doctor within the last 2 years?   Not within the last 2 years.   Have you seen a doctor within the last 3 years?   I might have seen a doctor in the last 3 years.   That was a mother of four young kids.   I had somebody sitting across from me, and I asked her another common  question: Are you employed? You ask everybody this. Part-time? Full- time?   I am not employed, but I am about to get my nursing license back.   Well, that is interesting. So you are in healthcare.   Well, I used to be. I am about to get my nursing license back.   Well, what happened?   Now, this wasn't on the questionnaire, but I couldn't resist asking  her: What happened?   Well, I was a nurse. I had a great career. I had a great life. But  then a doctor prescribed me opioids for arthritis, and the bottom fell  out of my life. I got addicted to opioids, and I lost my license, and I  lost virtually everything in my life. Now I am unemployed, but I am  working as a counselor at a church, trying to help people who are also  opioid addicted. I am about to get my license back, but I am not  working yet, and I don't have insurance yet, and that is why, even  though I am a nurse and I am a healthcare professional, I have waited  in line for a couple of days to come get healthcare.   There was a woman from Maryland who had been laid off as a supervisor  at McDonald's a number of months ago. She was unemployed. She had  horrible dental problems that were way past being solved. She just  needed to get a bunch of her teeth pulled to ease her pain. So get what  this woman did. This is about an 8 or 9 hour drive from her house. When  her teeth got so bad and so painful after her firing and she needed to  have her teeth pulled, she couldn't go anywhere. She didn't have  anybody to do it.   She said: I think there is this free clinic in Appalachia. Now, it is  a couple of months out. So I am going to have to suffer through the  pain for a while, but I also have to save up some money.   She saved up her money like most people would try to save money for a  summer vacation. She saved up her money so she could put enough gas in  the car and pay for one night at a hotel and so she could drive for 9  hours to Wise County, VA, and wait in the line for days and come and  get a bunch of her teeth pulled in the richest and most compassionate  Nation on Earth.   By the way, I had another guy, and I asked him the question: What are  you here for? Are you here for medical services, are you here for  dental services or are you here for vision services?   He said: I am actually here for all three, but the problem is, it is  the hottest day of the year. It is 95 and humid, and I am so sick, I  can't sit out in the Sun all day. So I got to do two out of three. I  can't do all three.   I said: Which are the two worst, is it the medical and dental or  vision and dental or vision and medical? He said: Look, I will do  dental and medical, but even though I have glasses and I need to get an  upgrade, I can't wait around because I am so sick out in the hot Sun  for so long. So you are just going to have to give me two out of the  three. I can't wait all weekend. I can't wait all day in this dusty  fairground on the 21st of July to get healthcare.   These people need us. They need us to be at our best. They need us to  be thinking about them.   The first time I went to this clinic in Wise, I was struck by the  magnanimity of the volunteers, I was struck by the need, but what  really hit me was when I went into the parking lot. I expected to see  cars from Virginia and Kentucky because Kentucky is 10 miles away from  the fairgrounds. I might have expected to see cars from West Virginia,  which is 100 miles away, or Tennessee, which is 40 miles away, but  North Carolina is 150 miles away, South Carolina is 350 miles away,  Georgia is 400 miles away, Alabama is farther, and Oklahoma is farther.  People drive from all over the Southeast in the United States, in the  richest nation on Earth, in the most compassionate Nation on Earth, to  wait for days in a dusty campground in the heat of the hottest part of  the summer so they can have their teeth pulled because they don't have  healthcare.   The Affordable Care Act has cut the uninsurance rate to one of the  lowest in recorded history, but we haven't gone far enough. We have to  do better by these people who are sleeping in their cars or up against  chain-link fences, who are traveling for 9 hours to get their teeth  pulled, not worse. We want to have fewer people like this and fewer  folks who need to do this, not more.   The vote we are going to have about whether it is 22 million or 25  million or 32 million people who lose health insurance, that is going  the wrong way. We have to go a different way. We have to do better, not  worse.   Most of the things we talk about in this Chamber are about issues.  This isn't about issues, this is about who we are. This is about who we  are as Senators. This is about who we are as Americans. This is about  who we are as thinking, feeling, breathing, believing human beings. It  is about who we are.   A great teacher, a great teacher once laid out the yardstick: ``I was  sick and you took care of me.'' That is one version of the New  Testament. There are other phraseologies from the 25th chapter of  Matthew: I was sick and you visited me. I was sick and you cared for  me. I was sick and you looked after me. The Teacher basically says, the  way you treat someone who is sick is the way you treat the Creator.   It is important to be compassionate to somebody who is sick, and  anybody who is hearing these words, you don't have to think for a  second to think about somebody in your family who is suffering from  cancer or dementia or mental illness or who has been the victim of an  accident. There are faces appearing in your minds right now because we  all have this in our families. The way we treat people who are sick is  not just a measure of us, it is a measure of what we think about the  Creator. When a great teacher said, ``I was sick and you took care of  me,'' he was giving an instruction to us about the way we should  behave.   In the last week, I am struck by the fact that this body has been  jolted by the news about two of our colleagues, both of whom who have  had cancer diagnoses. Last week, we were shocked and saddened to hear  about our colleague from Arizona, Senator McCain, who is my chairman on  the Armed Services Committee who is suffering a very tough form of  cancer, and cancer is going to find a match in Senator McCain.   This touches us in this body. A week or two before, we heard about  another colleague on the Armed Services Committee who sits next to me  at every committee hearing, Senator Hirono, who just announced she has  kidney cancer and just underwent surgery. I was chatting on the floor  with her earlier tonight. I don't think she would mind me saying, she  is strong and she is a fighter, like Senator McCain is a fighter, but  she is worried about it just like Senator McCain would be. This touches  everyone.   It touches the powerful, it touches the powerless. It touches the  wealthy, it touches the poor. It touches men, it touches women. It  touches the young, it touches the old. It touches everyone, and the way  we treat people who are sick, the way we treat people who are anxious  about their health is the way we treat the Creator. That is what we are  taught. So let's live up to that standard.   Why would we do otherwise? Why are we here? Why did we run? Why do we  serve? What do people expect of us? I was sick, and you cared for me. I  was sick, and you visited me. I was sick, and you looked after me. I  was sick, and you took care of me.   Is it that hard? Is it so important to rush it through and not have  hearings and not have committees and not engage the Democrats and not  listen to  [[Page S4157]]  the people sleeping against chain-link fences or driving 9 hours to get  their teeth pulled?   We can't afford to get this wrong, and the talent of the people in  this body convinces me beyond a shadow of a doubt that if we take the  time, we can get this right. If we can get this right, why will we not  take the time to get this right?   So I would plead with my colleagues, let's stand together on behalf  of the sick, let's stand together on behalf of those who are counting  on us.   Another part of the New Testament is the Letter of Paul to the  Hebrews: ``Because we are surrounded by such a great cloud of  witnesses, we have got to do the right thing.'' We are surrounded by a  great cloud of witnesses who want us to do the right thing, and I know  we can, and I pray we will.   With that Mr. President, I yield the floor.   