 Madam Speaker, H.R. 3697 is yet another exercise in  false advertising by the Majority. Named the ``Criminal Alien Gang  Member Removal Act,'' this legislation is so overbroad that it would  lead to the deportation of immigrants with absolutely no criminal  record and would apply to individuals with no connection to gangs.   In short, this blatantly anti-immigration legislation casts a wide  and dangerous net in furtherance of President Trump's mass deportation  agenda. I say this for several reasons.   To begin with, H.R. 3967 authorizes the Trump Administration to brand  a group of immigrants a ``gang'' without requiring a conviction or even  an arrest.   In fact, it would allow individuals to be deported or denied  admission based on a mere ``belief''--however tenuous--of their  connection to unlawful activity.   In addition, the bill's definition of a ``gang'' is so broad that it  would apply to individuals who clearly are not members of criminal  gangs.   I doubt that my Republican colleagues really believe that 5 Christian  ministers providing shelter to undocumented immigrants constitute a  criminal gang.   But by voting for this measure, that's precisely what lawmakers would  turn them into. The bill instantly places such religious workers  throughout America--from nuns to rabbis, imams to priests--into the  same classification as MS-13.   Finally, we are rushing this deeply flawed legislation through the  House today while nearly 800,000 young people--800,000 law abiding  members of our communities--are facing deportation in as little as 6  months.   These are young people who are as American as any of us. They have  grown up in our communities, attended our schools, and have become our  neighbors, our teachers, first responders, doctors, and lawyers. But  because of action taken by President Trump last week, they now are  living in fear and uncertainty.   There is a bipartisan bill with overwhelming support across the  country that would allow these young people to remain in the United  States the only home most have ever known--and continue contributing to  our communities and our economy.   But that bill, the DREAM Act, has languished for years.   Nevertheless, instead of taking up the DREAM Act, we are rushing H.R.  3697 through just days after it was introduced and without any  hearings, markups, or the opportunity for amendment.   This House should stop jamming through pieces of the Trump mass  deportation plan and instead recommit itself to lifting up the young  people of our communities by passing the DREAM act.   It is what's right for our economy, our Nation and it is our moral  responsibility.   I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 3697.   