 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Thank you, Mr. President.   Last week, in his address to Congress, President Trump called  education ``the civil rights issue of our time.'' I completely agree  with that.   Millions of American kids are trapped in underperforming schools with  little hope of gaining the skills needed for good-paying jobs in the  21st century economy. In America, poor kids hear 30 million fewer words  than their more affluent peers by the time they get to kindergarten. If  you don't think that makes a difference, you ought to talk to any  kindergarten teacher in America.   By the fourth grade, only one in four kids in the United States can  do math  [[Page S1710]]  at grade level, and even fewer than that can read at grade level in  this country. About 9 in 100 are going to receive a college degree or  its equivalent by the time they get to the age of 25.    As a Nation, we are falling behind the rest of the world. American  15-year-olds rank 15th in reading in the world, 19th in science in the  world, and 37th in math in the world. These numbers are shameful. They  are a national disgrace. Because these results fall mainly on  communities of color in this country, this is a civil rights crisis in  the United States--as the President said, the civil rights issue of our  time.   It is for those reasons and other reasons that Congress passed No  Child Left Behind in 2001, so as to strengthen the accountability and  transparency for public education all over this country. Despite its  good intentions, the law came with onerous requirements that did not  work for many communities, including my own.   When I was the superintendent of the Denver Public Schools, there  were few experiences more miserable than dealing with the Federal  bureaucracy and their auditors, who would make judgments that were  driven more by compliance than by the needs of our children. Somebody  who understood that well was Margaret Spellings, who was, at that time,  the Secretary of Education for this country. We owe her a debt of  gratitude for the work that she did as Secretary. I, personally, owe  her a debt of gratitude for the waivers she granted to the Denver  Public Schools, when I was superintendent, to allow us to focus not on  the compliance of rules that made no sense but to focus on the kids in  this school district.   I know that was the experience of educators all over America, which  is why, in 2015, the Senate came together--and I am a member of the  Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee--to replace No Child  Left Behind. Finally, 8 years too late--8 years after it was supposed  to be reauthorized--under the leadership of Chairman Alexander and  Senator Murray, we were able to pass the Every Student Succeeds Act.  The bill earned overwhelming support. The country was ready for a  change.   The law brought much needed reform to the Federal Government's role  in education by giving States far more flexibility for innovation,  while preserving important, core accountability protections, which are  critical for those of us who are interested in the civil rights mission  of the Federal Government. It was a rare example of bipartisan  cooperation and smart policymaking in Washington, DC. In fact, I cannot  think of another case in which we received that much bipartisan support  on such a difficult issue in the time that I have been here.   The way I see it--and I say this as a parent of three children in the  public schools in Denver and as a former school superintendent--the  only reason for Washington to be involved at all in public education is  with regard to civil rights, and that is an important reason for us to  be involved. All kids should have access to great schools regardless of  where they live, what ZIP Codes they are born into, or who their  parents are.   With Every Student Succeeds, the new bill, States will design their  own accountability systems and interventions when schools struggle.  That is a big change from No Child Left Behind. It is a welcome change.  The law shifts enormous responsibility from the Federal Government to  States and transforms over 15 years of education policy. The law is not  perfect, but it represents one of the most significant changes and, I  would say, importantly, one of the most significant retrenchments of  the Federal Government in domestic policy in modern American history.  That should be acknowledged. It should be welcomed.   As States shift to the new model, many are asking for clarification  about how to implement the law and make the most of greater State  control over education. That is why the Department of Education issued  rules last year to provide much needed clarity, stability, and  flexibility to States, making it easier for them to transition from the  broken system that we had under No Child Left Behind to the newer and  more State-driven approach that we now have.   Now some in Congress have targeted this regulation. They have invoked  the Congressional Review Act to repeal the rules wholesale. That would  be so foolish after the progress we have made and the direction in  which we have headed. It would tie the hands of the Department of  Education from properly implementing the law and delay much needed  flexibility and accountability for the States. It would be a disservice  to students, to educators, to teachers, and to principals all across  the country, and it would undermine the implementation of the entire  law.   As I have said many times--and I have learned this the hard way--when  it comes to education policy in particular, bad implementation can be  just as harmful--even more harmful--than bad policy.   Repealing the rules would also sow confusion among States about when  they must comply with this new law. The Every Student Succeeds Act  includes a timeline for transition so that States have time to plan,  but many specifics of that transition are unclear. The Department of  Education's rules clarify that timeline and give States the flexibility  with which to implement some parts of the law later than others.   Why would we want to take that away? Repealing the regulation would  throw all of that away. Will schools have to fully comply with all  aspects of the law by 2018, or is there some flexibility to stagger its  implementation?   Beyond the timeline, striking the regulation wholesale would also  throw States into limbo by creating uncertainty over other important  parts of the law. For example, the act includes a major change in how  the law applies to English learners, which is one of the fastest  growing populations in our schools throughout the country and now  represents nearly 1 out of 10 students nationwide. In the new law, many  provisions concerning English learners moved from title III to title I.    As States undertake this shift, they need clarity on how to design  accountability systems that include English learners in order to ensure  kids do not fall through the cracks. For example, the rules make it  clear that States can create proficiency goals for different groups of  English learners rather than creating a uniform goal for all students.   Striking the rules would also undermine core elements of the law,  like the requirement for States to report on school spending and  resources. The regulation clarifies that States must create a uniform  procedure for this reporting, which is vital for transparency around  funding and investments and, I would say, is vital with respect to the  civil rights mission of this law.   It is easy to publish numbers. Believe me; I have seen it. It is a  lot harder to publish numbers that are accurate and meaningful by which  parents and kids can make informed decisions.   Right now, as we sit here, States are developing accountability plans  under the Every Student Succeeds Act, and they are drawing on the  current rules to guide that process. A change now could delay the  submission and approval process for these plans. States will not know  whether to use different templates or the ones they already have. They  do not know if they have to restart public comment periods, delaying  submissions and throwing the entire timeline into uncertainty. There is  no reason we should be doing this to our schools, our teachers, and our  principals.   Repealing the rules would also suppress innovation and limit  flexibility. I know that is the clarion call on this floor a lot of the  time. In this case, people are going to get the opposite of what they  expect. Flexibility is central to the Every Student Succeeds Act. I  fought for many aspects of the law in order to give States the ability  to design their own accountability systems, and I believe in that. Yet,  in the absence of express, legally binding guidance from the Department  of Education about where and how they can experiment, States will  respond to that uncertainty by embracing the safest course. I saw that  all the time when I was superintendent.   States stand to lose a lot of money if they are not in compliance,  particularly $15 billion in annual title I funds for students who live  in poverty. They do not want to risk it. It may seem odd, but we need  these rules in order to ensure flexibility and innovation for States.  Nonbinding guidance is not enough.  [[Page S1711]]    Finally, if we use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule-- a very, very blunt instrument--the Department of Education will not be  able to publish any rule that is ``substantially the same'' unless the  Congress passes a new law--the Congress that took 8 years longer than  it was supposed to in order to reauthorize No Child Left Behind the  last time. This could mean that the Department of Education--and this  is something people here need to pay attention to if they care about  civil rights--would not be able to issue any new regulation to provide  clarity for States as they transition to the new law. They would be  left completely in the lurch, potentially hamstringing education policy  across the country for a decade.   What is a shame about it is that there is absolutely no reason to do  this. If the rules need to be changed, we should work together to  improve them, but a CRA is not the correct policy tool. That is  especially true when passing it would prevent all future regulation on  core aspects of the Every Student Succeeds Act.   There has to be a better way for us to come together than this. I  agree with the President that education is the civil rights issue of  our time, and we should defeat this vote on this CRA.   I yield the floor.   