 Thank you, Mr. President.   Mr. President, so often when you hear folks speak in Washington, it  sounds as if we are only speaking to ourselves because most people  around the country simply cannot understand what we are talking about  when it comes to tax reform. We talk about repatriation and going from  a global system to a territorial system and preventing inversions and  the number of cohorts on the individual side and passthroughs and  corporate cuts. We talk about static scores versus dynamic scores. Too  often, too many of us speak in a language that no one truly appreciates  or understands.   From my perspective, tax reform is really about two very simple  pillars. The first pillar is, how do we increase the take-home pay of  the average person in this country, and how do we make sure the jobs of  the future are created here in the good old U.S. of A?   Mr. President, I was privileged to grow up in a home with a strong,  powerful, optimistic mother. She raised two boys on her own. I will  tell you, when you think about the challenges of single moms today, I  think about the one who raised me. I think back to the times when she  was working 16 hours each day 3 days a week and 8 hours a day a couple  days a week. She was a nurse's aide. She wasn't an LPN or an RN. She  wasn't even a CNA. She was simply a nurse's aide, which means for  several hours each day of her shift she changed bedpans, she rolled  patients over.   So when I think about the average single mom, with a couple of kids  in the household, whose average income today is less than $36,000 a  year, I think to myself, how are we going to make sure that single  mother takes home more of her hard-earned money? Tax reform is the  fastest way for us here in Washington to actually translate our  activities to that household. See, if we take less out of her paycheck,  she gets to take home more of her money.   Some have joked about the fact that I said hashtag ``keep yo money.''  Why do I say that? Well, it is the way we speak at home, No. 1, and No.  2, it simplifies and crystallizes whom we are talking about. We are  simply talking about single moms like mine. We are talking about folks  who work hard every day, who are strapped, challenged, with very little  margin in their schedules and even less in their paychecks.   The average American--I heard that somewhere around 50 percent of  Americans do not have $500 in their savings account. When we are  talking about tax reform, we are talking about increasing the margin  for a family.   The second major pillar of tax reform is simply making sure that the  jobs of the future are created here at home. Well, simple question: How  do you do that? The answer is even simpler. When you look around the  globe, you find very carefully and critically and simply that there are  countries that have a tax rate on their business production of around  12.5 percent. The competition for countries like ours--say, the OECD,  high-income countries; there are about 39 of them--the average tax rate  is 22 percent. Our corporate tax rate is 35 percent. It doesn't take a  genius to figure out that the difference between 35 and 22 is 13  percent, but more importantly, there are fewer jobs created here at  home.   That is a problem we should solve. We solve that problem by making  sure our corporate tax rate is competitive with our global  competitors--common sense, some would suggest. I would suggest they are  right. But not only that--whether you are on the left or the right,  economists on both sides and our current President Trump and our former  President Obama agreed on one thing--and we should all stop and  celebrate when we have agreement on both sides--they both say that the  corporate tax must come down because a part of who pays the price of  the corporate tax are the workers. Some have said that 25 percent of  the corporate taxes are paid by corporate workers, and others have said  it is 80 percent.   Here is what we know: Our workers in this country take home less of  their money because our corporate tax rate is too high. We can do  something about that.   So when we talk about tax reform, when we talk about the importance  of inversions being eliminated, satisfying the need to grow our  economy, let's keep it simple. Let's talk about moms and dads like my  single mom, income under $36,000. Can we make sure she takes more of  her money home so she can take care of her two kids? The answer is yes,  and we should do that ASAP.   