 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I thank my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. Hill) for his years of hard  bipartisan work that went into this bill.   I am proud to support this bill today because I believe that it will  strengthen the abilities of investors to make informed decisions. This  legislation would add transparency in the financial markets that will  ultimately benefit consumers.    Exchange-traded funds are valuable and popular tools for investors to  get exposure to diversified risk through a single security with low  costs. My wife and I use them ourselves. They are, however, like the  iPhone, very simple on the outside but incredibly complicated products  on the inside. They often can be thoroughly understood only by those  with the background and the time to analyze the way the ETF is  constructed, as well as each of the underlying securities and the  sectors they are targeting.   Retail investors and retirement savers often do not have this time  and often do not have the expertise in the markets. High-quality  research can help them make informed decisions about which ETFs to  invest in, equipping them to make decisions on how to diversify across  different sectors and indices.   ETFs are continuously issued, so they present unique potential risks  to underwriting broker-dealers under the Federal securities laws.   Generally, the Federal securities laws prohibit a broker-dealer from  participating in a securities offering from publishing research 15 days  before or 30 days after the issuance for very good reason. This is to  prevent research that could hype the security ahead of the offering or  try to puff its price afterwards.   ETF pricing, however, reflects a wide variety of data across many  issuers and classes of securities. Because they are continuously  brought to market, it is necessary to provide a clarification in the  law that research is permitted to be published continuously, because  they are also continually traded on the exchanges. The antifraud  provisions of the securities laws will still apply.   To be clear, this bill does not vitiate any rights of investors or  responsibilities of broker dealers with respect to the accuracy and  truthfulness of statements. Specifically, section 2(c)(1) provides that  the antifraud and antimanipulation provisions of the securities laws  are not limited by anything in this bill. Moreover, this applies only  to bona fide research, and FINRA can require sales materials to be  posted to the public.   Section 2(c)(2) preserves the powers of the SROs to oversee all of  the practices of broker-dealers, including the publication of these  reports.   Lastly, the bill provides for a statutory safe harbor should the  Commission not be able to promulgate a rule in the 270-day period  established by the bill. This statutory safe harbor is only available  to research on funds that have been reported to the SEC for the last  year, ensuring that it is true to the purpose of the bill to provide  research to be used by investors for existing securities.   Statutory safe harbors exist elsewhere in the Federal securities  laws, most notably section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. A statutory private  offering exemption can be perfected without relying on regulation D. In  practice, though, that does not happen, and I trust that the SEC will  prescribe an appropriate set of rules consistent with section 2(a) of  this bill so that the regulatory safe harbor will be effective.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I again thank my colleague from Arkansas  (Mr. Hill) and now-Governor Carney, as well, for working on this bill  over the past years. I look forward to it being signed into law.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   