 Madam President, to accommodate the majority leader, I  ask unanimous consent--I understand that he will object, and I will  explain it afterward, but it involves what you see here in the  aftermath of the hurricane, all of this citrus fruit on the ground--  [[Page S6708]]  that it be in order to call up my amendment No. 1575--approximately $3  billion for all of the agriculture for Florida and Texas, which Senator  Cornyn, Senator Rubio, and I have all been working on--to the motion to  concur with an amendment to the House message on H.R. 2266 and that the  amendment be agreed to with no intervening action or debate.   In order to accommodate the majority leader, I will explain it after  he has returned to his meeting.    Madam President, in my explanation, I will go into it in  detail.   It is my hope that the White House promise that this will be taken up  in November, which is the next tranche of the hurricane money, the  disaster assistance. It has been well past a month since Hurricane Irma  hit Puerto Rico and 2 months since it hit Florida, and Floridians all  across our State are working as hard as ever to recover.   One group of individuals who were hit especially hard by this storm  is Florida's citrus growers. I will refer again to this photograph. You  can see the citrus grove. You can see the branches on the citrus trees.  Some of the trees have blown over, but in the meantime, you can see all  of the fruit that is on the ground.   Toward southwest Florida, at least 75 percent of the crops are on the  ground. In more central Florida, it is upward of 50 and 60 percent. Of  all the times, this was going to be a bumper crop. Lord knows, with the  greening disease--its nickname is ``greening,'' but it is a bacteria-- it will kill the tree in 5 years, and it has been declining the citrus  production over the course of the last 10 years. We had suffered enough  through all of that, and then here had come this hurricane. When it  looked as if there was going to be a good crop to turn around the  lessened production that had occurred over each of the last 10 years,  this is what happened.   If that were not enough--all of the fruit on the ground--take a look  at this. This is what has happened to citrus groves. Whole trees have  been blown over. Whether you are talking about a grove that is totally  demolished or a grove that has lost almost all of its crop, that is why  the Florida citrus growers are in such a very difficult economic  situation. Some of Florida's farmers lost nearly everything when Irma  tore through the State. In fact, the statewide agricultural industry  has lost more than $2.5 billion. Included in that is $760 million that  Florida's citrus industry alone, just by itself, has lost, as you see  in these photographs.   Earlier this month, the U.S. Department of Agriculture released its  first crop estimates for the 2017-2018 citrus season. They estimated  that Florida's citrus growers would harvest 54 million boxes of oranges  this year, but that number doesn't yet fully account for all the damage  caused by Hurricane Irma.   According to the folks on the ground, they believe the actual  estimate is going to be only 31 million boxes this season. Now compare  31 million boxes to a decade ago when Florida harvested over 203  million boxes. Ten years before that, Florida growers harvested 244  million boxes. Now they are estimating, after the storm, a yield of  only 31 million boxes.   So the Florida citrus growers are really taking a hit. They have to  have disaster assistance. The citrus industry is a vital part of  Florida's economy, and that is why Senator Rubio is here with us. We  have been pushing so hard to get our citrus growers some help.   Just a couple of days after the storm, Senator Rubio and I met with a  group of growers in a citrus grove in Polk County in Central Florida,  where the loss is about 50 or 60 percent, unlike South Florida, where  the loss is 75 to 90 percent.   Unfortunately, the White House has been saying: No, we can't do it in  this disaster assistance bill. As we have been working on a bipartisan  amendment that would provide the growers with the help they need, the  same amendment that the majority leader had to object to, President  Trump has reportedly been making calls urging others in the Chamber to  move forward with the overall package as is and to nix the money we  need to help Florida's farmers.   Florida's citrus industry may have been one of the industry's hardest  hit by the storm, but it certainly wasn't the only industry that was  affected in Florida. Florida's fruit and vegetable farms lost more than  $180 million when their fields were flooded and their bushes were  ripped straight out of the ground. Row crops, such as peanuts, cotton,  sweet corn, potatoes, and sugarcane together experienced nearly $450  million in losses from the hurricane-force winds and heavy rains.   Senator Rubio went to Hastings to see the potato farms. He saw how  they had been ripped to shreds. Florida's nurseries lost nearly $625  million when their greenhouses were damaged by the winds. Florida's  timber industry lost $261 million. Florida's cattlemen, whose ranches,  barns, fences, and equipment were severely damaged, lost a total of  $237 million in losses. Dairy farmers had to dump more than $2 million  worth of milk because they couldn't store it properly after they lost  power.   Farmers are the lifeblood of this country and an important part of  Florida's economy. Right now, they desperately need our help. In urging  the Senate to move forward with this disaster package as it is, not  amended, President Trump has told some of our colleagues that he would  support adding this additional agriculture money in a later  supplemental next month. To my colleagues who have farmers and ranchers  in their own States, you know as well as we do that these families and  businesses can't wait any longer. They need our help, and they need it  now. I ask you to consider how you would react if those farmers and  ranchers suffered $2.5 billion in losses from a single natural  disaster, as our agriculture industry in Florida has.   So, to accommodate the majority leader, I already made the unanimous  consent request, which the majority leader objected to. I want to  further state that to fulfill the White House promise of including the  disaster aid farmers desperately need, I have placed a hold on the  President's nominee for Deputy Director of the Office of Management and  Budget. Getting the additional money next month could be the difference  between whether Florida's farmers can replant their crops next year or  not.   I yield the floor.   