 Madam President, I ask to speak for 3 minutes on  behalf of my departing friend.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator is recognized.    Madam President, Senator Franken will shortly go on  to his next chapter, which I hope will be wonderful for him and for  Franni and for their family. I hope and believe that he leaves us with  everyone's good will here in the Senate. He certainly leaves with mine.   Al Franken has been an unusually good Senator, in part because he has  such a good staff. He has also, to me, been an unusually good friend,  particularly in this hard town where you are supposed to buy a dog if  you want a friend. We served together on the HELP and Judiciary  Committees, where he did great committee work. He stood out  particularly for his talent on Judiciary without even being a lawyer.   I will miss him. The Senate will come to miss him, too, I expect. He  was a lot of things that one would want in a Senator: principled,  innovative, hard-working, supersmart, bipartisan, generous, caring.  Things will be different around here without him. It will be quieter on  the floor without his big, bursting laugh. We will miss his presence on  personal privacy issues, on monopoly power issues, on forced mandatory  arbitration, and in championing LGBT kids, where he has real passion  and expertise.   Senate hearing witnesses who have been up to no good will breathe a  lot easier knowing they won't have to face Al Franken's pointed  questioning. The Senate Secret Santa, a Franken legacy, will probably  continue. Selfishly, I will miss Franni's amazing homemade pies.   As my friend departs, I am left at this difficult moment with this  thought: I have been fortunate in the Senate to have had a colleague to  whom it is so hard to say good-bye.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Mr. President, I am delighted to join my colleagues  here in support of these kids who are known as Dreamers or DACA kids,  who came in under the statute or under President Obama's program and  who have lived here for many years in this country, passed all the  requirements, and met all the standards. These are good kids. There is  absolutely no reason for them to be the target of the kind of anxiety  and fear that they are being put through to score political points. It  really doesn't make sense.   By definition, these kids came to the United States of America under  the age of 16. You can't even enforce a contract against a minor in  this country. They do not have the legal capacity in most places to buy  a sofa. Yet we are holding them to account for decisions that their  parents made when they were small children.   One of the Rhode Islanders who will be affected by this came to the  United States when she was 8 years old. Think of the kind of decisions  that your 8-  [[Page S8221]]  year-old kids make or that you were making when you were 8 years old.  This is a very successful young lady who is now at the Brown medical  school. She is going to make enormous contributions to our country.  Tossing her out or putting her in peril makes no sense whatsoever,  particularly when the problems started when she was brought to this  country by her parents when she was 8 years old.   Another Rhode Islander who contacted me came to the country when she  was 7 years old. She is now a teacher in a middle school in Central  Falls, RI. Central Falls is a community that is emerging from  bankruptcy. It has got its feet back under it now. It has a wonderful,  exciting young mayor. Spirits are up, and things are going well. But it  is not easy to be a middle-school teacher anywhere, and to be a middle- school teacher in a small city that has just come out of bankruptcy is  not easy. This is a valuable person to Rhode Island. Losing her adds no  value to anyone.   Another person who contacted me came to the United States at 10  months old. At 10 months old, they barely even knew where they were. He  came from Portugal at 10 months old. Now he has a college degree in  computer science. He is ready to make his contribution to our country.  He has done everything right and has played by the rules, and we are  loading him up with all this anxiety and peril because of a decision  his parents made when he was 10 months old.   You can't go out, as I said, and buy a sofa on the installment plan  at 8 years old. Yet we are trying to penalize these kids. It makes no  sense at all.   It doesn't even make economic sense. The studies I have seen show  that disrupting the lives of these 800,000 Dreamer kids--90 percent of  whom are in the workforce--would reduce the U.S. GDP by $460 billion  over the next decade. They are making a serious contribution here.   In Rhode Island, the delta is about $200 million in annual State GDP  between having the Dream Act pass and losing the DACA kids. We would  stand to gain as much as $150 million in annual GDP if the Dream Act  passes, and ending DACA will result in an annual loss of $60 million to  our GDP. So just in my small State, there is $200 million in economic  result annually from solving this problem in a way that is humane and  consistent with the way we treat children in virtually every other  element of the law.   Sadly, a lot of this is twisted up in the continued fight over  immigration, which the Senate really tried to solve. I am on the  Judiciary Committee. Senator Durbin was on the Judiciary Committee at  the time. Under Chairman Leahy's leadership, we went through hundreds  of amendments and we took dozens of votes. Some 90 amendments were  incorporated into the bill. It came out of the Judiciary Committee by a  bipartisan vote of 13 to 5.   It came on to the Senate floor, where there were amendments. There  actually was some regular order. Hundreds of amendments were  considered, and the final bill passed on June 27 by 68 to 32.   Then our bipartisan Senate bill went over to the House, where the  Speaker of the House refused even to bring it up--no hearing, no vote,  nothing. They just froze it out. So there is a long history of why we  are here today, but the price should not be paid by these kids, not  when the original problem was something that was done when they were  children--10 months old.   President Lincoln talked about ``the better angels of our nature.''  Let's show these kids the better angels of our nature. Let's do  something decent, something bipartisan, something that is right, and  let's do it soon.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   