 Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to acknowledge the good  work of Chairman Thornberry and Ranking Member Smith in the Armed  Services Committee. As my colleague from Alabama said, there is nothing  more important than having a secure national defense to protect the  American people.   But this bill does have problems. Many of them are not created by the  Armed Services Committee. They are created by us in Congress.   It has been catastrophic for us to have the millstone of the Budget  Control Act that is limiting the ability of Congress to make decisions  about where to spend more or where to spend less, and two things are  happening as a result of that.   Number one, we abdicate our responsibility. In some places we should  be spending more, but in many other places we should be spending less.   The second thing, Mr. Speaker, is that we put in straitjackets our  managers at the Pentagon and in other programs because we micromanage  where they must spend money. If we are going to give them a challenge-- the budget cap right now is $549 billion; this bill suggests that we  spend close to $700 billion--we have got to give them managerial  flexibility and stability.   The Budget Control Act is the ``Budget Paralysis Act.'' That is on  all of us here in Congress.   Now, a second thing, this bill, in that context, where we are going  to blow through that cap but do nothing about our ability to make  decisions on the taxes and spending, means that this gets cut totally  out of domestic spending. In my view, General Mattis' view is that is  bad for national defense.   We plus-up the Defense budget, but we take a hatchet to the State  Department budget, not something that you can address in the Armed  Services bill, I understand. But the effect of it, as General Mattis  said: We have to buy more bullets.   So this is a symptom of the problem that we have got to face  squarely.   The other issue in this bill is that it hasn't given us a policy of  what is our exit strategy in Afghanistan.    What is our policy?   We are sleepwalking into an escalation. That has failed us before. We  have to have that debate now.   Where is the money coming from?   $150 billion is just going to magically appear. No discussion about  that.   And this bill does not acknowledge the absolute vital importance of  domestic and diplomatic programs to our national security.   I applaud the committee and the chairman and the ranking member for  some very good work they did. I criticize us in Congress for putting  the straitjacket on them so they can't do the job right.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of our committee, our  ranking member, Dr. Burgess, and Mr. Green.   Facilitating the approval of these drugs, having the FDA work in a  safe and constructive way, and having a quicker turnaround time is all  really good. It is really important. I thank them for their leadership.  This is something that had to be done. It is going to benefit everyone.   I want to talk about another issue that we didn't address but we did  debate, and that is the high cost of prescription drugs.   In this legislation, on the one hand, we are accommodating a  reasonable request by the pharmaceutical industry for a fast and  efficient approval process; but on the other hand, we are denying any  relief to consumers who are getting absolutely hammered day in and day  out with unjustified price increases because of the pricing power of  the pharmaceutical industry.   Yes, they do do good things, life-extending and pain-relieving drugs,  but that doesn't justify grinding consumers into the dust who can't  afford the cost of these prescriptions, where it is just within reach  that they can provide relief to their family.   We know how much pharmaceutical prices have been going up. It is  hurting our employers, who are working hard to provide good healthcare  to their employees. It is hurting taxpayers.   But every single one of us has met a constituent like a mom who is  struggling with this choice of trying to afford something she can't  afford or risk a loss she would never endure. I am talking about the  EpiPen; $600 to get an EpiPen here in the United States.   Mylan makes that. They are a Netherlands-based company now. They  moved over there for tax reasons. In the Netherlands, you can get it  for $100. This isn't justified. The chairman, the ranking member, and I  know this.   When Elijah Cummings and I met with President Trump, he knows it. He  talked about the rip-off pricing. He talked about the possibility of  importation of safe drugs from Canada as a way of getting some price  pressure on these companies.   We have got the committee that can address this. I would like us to  do that.   