 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2810, and  I want to begin by congratulating Chairman Thornberry and Ranking  Member Smith for their really skillful bipartisan guidance of this  measure.   The vote that took place last summer when the House passed it the  first time through was the largest bipartisan vote, since 2008, for an  NDAA, and that didn't happen by accident. It was because of their great  work.   I also want to thank my colleague, Mr. Wittman, on the Seapower and  Projection Forces Subcommittee. It is a very bipartisan effort, and the  result, I think, really demonstrates that, when you do it that way, you  get good results.   I also want to congratulate the staff, Dave Sienicki, Phil  MacNaughton, and also Lieutenant Commander Dominic Kramer, a Navy  fellow who is here today. Their support and work were invaluable in  terms of getting the seapower portion of the bill to the really solid  place that it is today.    Again, last year, 2016, the Navy came forward with a force structure  assessment that said: Based on national security needs around the  world, our fleet size needs to grow. When the President's budget came  over last May, unfortunately, there were only eight new ships in that  budget; but our committee, again, showing its independence as a coequal  branch of government, produced a seapower mark that boosted that build  rate to 15 and, again, has us now on a pathway to achieve the goal that  the Navy identified last year.   In particular, in terms of the undersea fleet, our combatant  commanders, whether it is an Asia-Pacific or a European command, have  been loudly warning Congress that we should not allow the decline in  the fleet size to occur.   This bill, again, authorizes $5.9 billion for the Virginia-class  submarine program and provides multiyear procurement authority to enter  into a contract for 13 Virginia-class, allowing for a build rate to  move from two a year to three fast-attack submarines in 2020, 2022, and  2023.   The National Sea Based Deterrence Fund, which, again, our committee  created in 2014, extends continuous production authorities which the  Navy has told us will save $383 million in the Columbia-class program,  which, again, is about smart procurement, which Mr. Smith referred to  at the beginning.   Again, there are other provisions in the bill that I would just note.  There was no BRAC that is authorized in this bill. We also gave  authority to the United States as part of the Ukraine Security  Assistance Initiative to provide medical treatment to wounded Ukrainian  soldiers, as well as training to Ukrainian healthcare specialists,  which our allies desperately need. Again, it is a very, I think, smart  move by the committee.   Mr. Speaker, as has been noted, this is the 57th year in a row that  we have produced an NDAA. It is because we follow regular order. It is  because we respect both sides of the aisle in terms of the contribution  that they make.   We still have meat left on the bone to get the 2018 spending bill  done, and hopefully the example that Mr. Thornberry and Mr. Smith set  in terms of allowing the process to breathe is the way we are going to  get to a successful result, just as we did with 2017.   Again, I want to congratulate the leadership of our committee, and I  strongly urge all the Members on both sides of the aisle to support  passage of this measure.   