 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I think a couple of points, before I get to the main  portion of my remarks, that the manager of the bill threw out need to  be addressed.   First of all, my wife is a prosecutor. I like prosecutors, but they  are lawyers. I was a trial lawyer until December 31 of last year. Guess  what? We sue drunk drivers. We sue for people who get hurt when it is  not their own fault. I come from a State where contributory negligence  is the law. So I appreciate the reverence you hold prosecutors in--I  do, as well--but we are all lawyers.   I also want to point out that, while there may be people on the floor  who are not lawyers, you can't honestly believe this bill gives you  equal access to justice, and here is why: You have a cap on noneconomic  damages. So a person who is injured by a doctor and a person who  receives the exact same injuries from some other tort have two  different recoveries that they can reach. One is capped; one is not.  That is not equal justice, in my judgment, under the law.   In addition, you all are the pro-business party, yet you all want to  get into how people contract with one another. I would suggest that is  inconsistent with your pro-business approach.   Mr. Speaker, what this bill really underlies is a fundamental  mistrust for our constituents. Think about it. Juries are made up of  our constituents. What you are really worried about is that your  constituents are not going to get it right when they are sitting in  that jury box and making decisions.   Your constituents are wise enough to send me and 435 of us here to  the Congress to make decisions about trillion-dollar budgets, yet you  don't trust them to sit in the jury box and make the very important  decisions for their fellow citizens when they are injured.   Mr. Speaker, I want to suggest that this bill clearly violates the  spirit of the Seventh Amendment, the right to trial by jury, by putting  these limitations on the jury, by putting limitations on access to  justice.   