 Mr. President, last night, President Trump began his  speech with an appropriate reference to the anti-Semitic attacks that  have occurred all over the country. Two bomb threats were called into a  Jewish community center in the New Haven area in Connecticut. I visited  that center and the staff and the kids of that center, who are now  being housed in a nearby synagogue. He also condemned, in strong terms,  the murder of a young man in Kansas City, the victim of an apparent  hate crime, targeted for simply being a foreigner or being of a  different religion. We can't know exactly what the reason was, but it  was an attack based on hate.   I want to tell my colleagues a little bit about that young man, to  begin with, as a means of, once again, coming to the floor of the  Senate to tell my colleagues about the victims of gun violence in this  country--the 86 or so  [[Page S1531]]  people every day who are taken by guns, suicides, and murders and  accidental shootings; the 2,600 people a month whose lives are taken  through gun violence, and the 31,000 a year. By the way, that number is  just the number of people who are killed. Those are the lives that are  eliminated. There are another 75,000 every year who are injured by gun  fire, whose lives are irrevocably altered by that act of violence.   Srinivas Kuchibhotla was a 32-year-old engineer. He was working for  Garmin. He was just hanging out at a bar. It was Austin's Bar and  Grill, and he was enjoying the company of friends. Witnesses saw a man  enter the bar. He was agitated, and he was drunk. He was a patron of  the bar. He had left and he reentered, and he began shooting at  Srinivas and his friend. Witnesses say that the shooter told Srinivas  to ``get out of my country'' before killing him and then critically  injuring his friend and an unbelievably brave bystander who tried to  stop the shooter.   Hundreds of grief-stricken family members and friends gathered in his  hometown in India for this young man's funeral. In accordance with  Hindu tradition, his body was carried on a carriage and his ashes were  laid to rest. Friends said that his mother was absolutely wailing as  the carriage went by.   His mother had wondered whether America was a safe place for her son.  Months before the shooting, she asked him to return to India if he was  feeling insecure, but he told her he was safe, that he was fine. His  wife also wondered how safe it would be to stay in the United States,  but she said that Srinivas always assured her that only good things  could happen to good people.   He undoubtedly was a good person. His family members remember him as  the kindest person you would meet. He was, in their words, ``full of  love, care and compassion for everyone. He never uttered a word of  hatred, simple gossip, or a careless comment.''   His friends and family members remember him as ``brilliant, well- mannered and simply an outstanding human being.''   He was ``a very sharp, top-of-his-class kind of guy,'' said one of  his classmates at the University of Texas at El Paso where Srinivas  earned a master's degree in electrical and electronic engineering. He  was also an avid cricket player and a big fan of cricket as well.   He was 32 years old. He was sitting at a bar, enjoying time with his  friends when a man who was at the bar, who probably saw Srinivas,  thought that he looked different from him and, filled with hate, walked  back into the bar and shot and killed him.   That is only one story from that day. On average, there are 85 other  stories across the country in which people lose their lives to gunfire.  What made me so mad last night was that after that moment--that  appropriate moment in which President Trump talked about this horrible  shooting--moments later, he referenced the daily slaughter that happens  in our cities. He spoke in front of the joint session for, it seemed,  nearly an hour and a half and offered absolutely no solutions to do  anything about the cascading gun violence that is enveloping our  Nation.   Irony of all ironies, the same week that he is lamenting, eulogizing  Srinivas's death in Kansas City, he is signing a law passed by this  body that would allow for more people with serious mental illness to  get their hands on guns.   We don't know the full story of Adam Purinton yet, but you have to  imagine that this was someone who was deeply disturbed. Maybe he was  just drunk, but in order to decide to pull out a gun in a bar and shoot  someone just because they look different than you do probably means  that there is something going on--more than a few beers. Mr. Purinton  probably had some stuff going on. He might have been mentally ill.   When I got here, I thought that one of the few things we agreed  upon--Republicans and Democrats, liberals and conservatives--was that  if you were seriously mentally ill, you probably shouldn't be able to  buy a weapon, not because people with a mental illness are inherently  dangerous--that is not true at all--but because erring on the side of  caution when it comes to someone who is seriously ill would probably be  the safe thing to do. That used to be a bipartisan commitment.   A few weeks ago, this body passed a law to allow tens of thousands of  people who have serious mental illness, who have been judged by a  government agency to be so sick that they can't manage their own  financial affairs, they literally can't cash a check, their Social  Security check has to be sent to someone else because they can't manage  their affairs--we passed a law to allow those people to buy guns.   Spare me your concern for the victims of gun violence if you are not  willing to do anything about it and, in fact, you are going to take  steps to make gun violence more likely rather than less likely in this  country. So 31,000 people a year, 2,600 a month, 86 a day--there is no  other country in the world in which this happens. There is no other  country in the world in which these numbers of people are dying from  guns. It is our fault because week after week, month after month, year  after year, we do nothing about it, and now we are making it worse.   In the 4 years after Sandy Hook happened, I went back to tell people  that we had done nothing. That was embarrassing enough. Now I have to  go back to the families of Sandy Hook and tell people that when  Congress thinks about gun violence, we think about making changes in  the law to make gun violence more likely, to put more guns into the  hands of dangerous people. We are going backward now.   Teresa Robertson owned a floral shop in a beauty shop in Fairfax, OK.  Fairfax is a really small town, a really tight-knit community. It is  still on edge because about a week ago, Teresa's estranged husband  walked into the store, started shooting at Teresa, and then barricaded  himself inside city hall, firing shots at the local police, who  returned fire, fatally killing Teresa's husband.   She had filed a protective order against her husband about 2 weeks  before because she feared for her life. She filed for divorce a week  later, and a week following that, he shot her.   Laws can protect against something like that, right? We have the  power to stop that. In Connecticut, if you file a protective order  against a spouse who you believe is going to harm you, the police have  the ability to take those weapons away for the period of time in which  you were adjudicating that protective order.   If that law had been in effect in Oklahoma, maybe Teresa Robertson  would still be alive today and maybe her husband would still be alive  and maybe their two kids--ages 13 and 16--wouldn't be without both of  their parents.   The fact is, every single day, domestic partners--women primarily-- are killed or are shot by boyfriends or estranged husbands. It often  plays out just like this: protective order, divorce filing, murder.  That is on us.   We have the ability to protect women from their estranged husbands.  There are laws. We can't stop every shooting, but it certainly can cut  down on these numbers.   Two days later, emergency responders found 26-year-old Michael  ``Shane'' Watkins bleeding profusely from a gunshot wound to the head  on Berkshire Avenue in Bridgeport, CT. He died shortly after arriving  at the hospital. The police are still investigating the shooting, but  they believe that Shane was an innocent victim of a robbery that went  bad.   His friends said that Shane was someone who was always laughing, who  was always smiling, who had a good heart, was a caring person. A  neighbor said that Shane was ``always upbeat, always joking, always  smiling.'' This was a good kid.   He was a dedicated family man. He was a long time employee of the  local Stop & Shop. He was 26 years old. This was a robbery gone bad.  Shane Watkins was one of those 86.   Twelve-year-old Kanari Gentry Bowers was playing basketball with  friends in Chicago, IL, at Henderson Elementary School. A stray bullet  hit her on February 11. For 4 awful, agonizing days, Kanari sat lying  unconscious in the hospital with a bullet lodged in her 12-year-old  spine before she died on February 15.   Her family released a statement that said: ``Please keep your  children close and do whatever it takes to protect them from the  senseless gun violence in our city.''  [[Page S1532]]    That doesn't sound exceptional, does it? ``Please keep your children  close and do whatever it takes to protect them.'' Think about that  idea. Think about the idea that you can't let your children get far  away from you in Chicago today because they are not at risk of getting  lost; they are at risk of being shot.   The little girl had dreams of becoming a judge. That is not something  that a lot of 12-year-old girls are thinking about, but Kanari wanted  to be a judge. She was described as a vivacious young girl.   I hear President Trump talk about Chicago all the time. He talks  about Chicago as though he cares, but he doesn't propose anything that  would reduce the trajectory of gun violence, the horror of living in  neighborhoods that you can't let your child stray more than a few feet  from you without fearing for their lives. He has proposed nothing to do  with making that city safer.   People say Chicago has some of the toughest gun laws in the Nation,  yet it is one of the most violent places. Exactly, exactly: Chicago has  some of the toughest gun laws in the Nation. New York City has some of  the toughest gun laws in the Nation. They are still violent places.  Why? Because the vast majority of guns in those cities, the illegal  guns that spread throughout the city like poison ivy come from outside  of Chicago. They come from Indiana. In New York, they come from South  Carolina. They come from North Carolina. They come from places in which  it is easy to buy a gun without a background check at a gun show or on  the internet. They flow into these cities and become used in murder  after murder.   If you don't have a Federal requirement that background checks have  to be conducted wherever you buy a gun, no matter how strong the laws  of Chicago are, they can't be protected; 12-year-old girls can't be  protected.   This was all in February, by the way. This was all in the last 3  weeks.   On February 20, some friends got together at a local church in  Pomona, CA, and all of a sudden, gunshots started firing through the  windows and the walls of this church--a drive-by shooting.   You know who was dead at the end of that? An 8-year-old little boy  named Jonah. He was adopted from an orphanage in Taiwan. He had been in  the United States for only 3 years. His adoptive parents and his  friends--you should read what they say about this kid: ``He had an  infectious smile and loved everyone and everything.''   He was still learning English, but with his playful demeanor, he had  adapted almost immediately to life in the United States. He loved  wrestling with his adoptive dad, running, laughing. He loved  superheroes. He was always injuring himself jumping off of something.  He loved living in this country.   He was a 5-year-old in an orphanage in Taiwan, and then he was in the  United States with a dad and with superhero action figures, and now he  is dead because somebody fired bullets randomly into a church in  Pomona, CA.   Why don't we do anything about this? We are not so coldhearted as to  be unable to understand what life is like for a mom and a dad who lose  an 8-year-old child. We are not so brain-dead as to not be able to  comprehend the fact that every time someone is shot, there are at least  20 people whose lives are permanently altered.   The post-traumatic stress involved in one shooting has enormous  ripple effects. I have talked at length on this floor about the  constant grief that envelopes my town of Sandy Hook because of what  happened there. It will never end.   Now, instead of defending the status quo, we are talking about making  it easier for deeply mentally ill people to get guns. A bill was just  introduced on the floor of the Senate this week that would allow for  someone to carry a concealed weapon anywhere in the Nation, regardless  of what that local State jurisdiction wanted. If you had a concealed  weapon permit in Texas, you would be able to walk into Manhattan  without any way for the local police to check you out. There is even an  effort to make silencers legal.   Mr. President, 31,000 a year, 2,600 a month, 86 a day. I have come  down to the floor I don't know how many times--certainly not as many as  Senator Whitehouse but many times to tell the stories of the victims. I  told a few more this afternoon because if the data doesn't move you-- again, only in this country; in no other country in the world does this  happen--then maybe the stories of these victims will move you. Maybe  being able to put yourself in the shoes of a mom who lost a child, of a  husband who lost a wife way before their time, will move you to action.   This is only controversial here. Ninety percent of the American  public wants us to move forward with the universal background checks.  The majority of Americans think these super-powerful military weapons  should stay in the hands of the military and law enforcement. Everybody  out there wants to give law enforcement the tools and the funding  necessary to carry out the existing law. It is not controversial out in  the American public; it is only controversial here.   It is about time that we do something about this epic level of  carnage that continues to plague our Nation and have some response to  these voices of victims that seem endless.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   