 Mr. Speaker, my friend from Massachusetts said this is a  missed opportunity. This is no missed opportunity. What we are  witnessing is the seizing of an opportunity.    During the debate, our friends on the other side of the aisle, in 25  hours of markup last week, offered amendment after amendment after  amendment. I think it was about 25 amendments.   Do you know what every one of the amendments did, Mr. Speaker? It  restored the status quo. It put something back in, put another thing  back in, defended something else, and so forth. There was no  comprehensive offer of an amendment in the nature of a substitute that  would have been transformational.   There is no exclusion here. We debated. We are now here, and for the  first time since 1986, we are on the cusp of seizing an opportunity and  having a transformational moment.   Here is the transformation:  [[Page H9347]]    When the Tax Code was last amended 30 years ago--think about it--the  internet didn't exist as a commercial enterprise. Yes, it has fully  developed, and we have got a Tax Code that was built for yesterday.   The global nature of supply chains were nowhere nearly as intricately  interlinked, yet we have got a Tax Code that was built for yesterday.   The shared economy--Airbnb, Uber, Lyft, all of those things--didn't  exist, yet we have got a Tax Code that was built for yesterday.   Who does the status quo benefit, Mr. Speaker? It benefits the few. It  benefits the privileged. It benefits the folks at the top of the  economic scale of things.   So what this is doing is proposing a very different approach. It says  we are going to make the United States the most competitive  jurisdiction in the world by giving business tax relief and welcoming  back commercial enterprise and growth and prosperity and ingenuity and  investment--that does what? It creates paychecks and it expands  opportunities.   Kids graduated from college shouldn't have to grub around piecing  together two jobs and living in their parents' basement. How absurd. We  can do much better. We are the biggest, best economy in the world, and  it is time we acted like it.   This is transformational. To lean back and away from this and say,  oh, this Tax Code is a natural disaster; it is too big and too  overwhelming and we can't deal with it is nonsense. We fundamentally  reject that.   We are going to be measured in the future, Mr. Speaker, by this  moment. I thank Chairman Brady for his leadership in creating this  crescendo, because now is the time to act. Let's not defend the status  quo. Let's move forward, and let's transform this economy.    Madam Speaker, the good news is that the good people of  Georgia's 13th District median household income, family of four, at  $80,000 would receive a $1,700 tax break.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Schweikert), former treasurer of one of the largest counties in our  country.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds.   Madam Speaker, the good news is it is not just $1,000 for the  gentleman's district, it is $1,200.   Let's go right to this student issue. It was the Obama administration  that proposed in the 2017 budget for the elimination of the student  deduction. I think the sanctimonious need to just walk out of the  Chamber.   The other thing is, at a tax rate of 15 percent, an annual $2,500  above-the-line deduction is a $375 tax break. We are proposing  something far greater than that with doubling the standard deduction,  lowering the rates and so forth.   Madam Speaker, let's just take the student deduction and chuck it in  the garbage.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri  (Mrs. Wagner).    Madam Speaker, my friends on the other side of the aisle  need to make a decision: Do they want to lionize Ronald Reagan or  criticize Ronald Reagan?   I will leave it to them to decide which.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Barr).    Madam Speaker, as you know, the good news is, according  to the Joint Committee on Taxation, 70 percent of the individual tax  relief goes to families earning under $200,000, according to their  publication on November 13.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Rutherford).    Madam Speaker, the good news is it is not $1,200. It is  not $1,700. It is $1,900 for the median household in California's Ninth  District.   Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr.  Smith), a great friend of agriculture and a great friend of small  business.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman.    Madam Speaker, if you are in California's 36th District  and your median household income is $58,000, it looks like a tax cut of  $1,090.   I am informed that our friends on the other side have more time, and  my suggestion is that our friends use some of their time to get back in  balance.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, there is a message for California's 43rd  District, and that is a benefit of $1,395 if H.R. 1 is passed into law.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Illinois  (Mr. LaHood).   Mr. LaHOOD. Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Illinois  for his commitment and dedication to this terrific bill that we have  before the House tonight.   Madam Speaker, the people of Illinois are unfortunately all too  familiar with high taxes and the burden they put on families and our  local businesses. At the Federal level, things have become just as bad  with a Tax Code that is over 74,000 pages long and riddled with  loopholes.   Over 30 years have passed since the last time Congress passed  comprehensive tax reform, and you can see the effects of our outdated  Tax Code everywhere. We have stagnant hiring, stagnant wages, and a  stagnant economy that is holding back our middle class instead of  helping them get ahead.   H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, is our chance to change all of  this. By simplifying our Tax Code and bringing real relief to everyday  families, we can, once again, jump-start the American economy and get  it back to working for the middle class.   The choice before us is a simple one: Do we support this bill and  support the middle class, or do we embrace the status quo? That is why  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together and  vote for this bill. Let's send a signal that we don't stand for the  status quo. We stand for growth and economic opportunity for the  American people. Let us bring relief to the middle class. Support this  bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to just do a  quick, little cleanup.   There was a discussion a minute ago by the gentlewoman from Alabama  where she was talking about teachers, for example. Let's get right to  that. Teachers won't be harmed by shifting the status quo because what  they are getting right now is a $250 deduction which is worth about $37  at the 15 percent tax rate, receipts that they have to keep all year  long in an envelope and apply it at the end in terms of doing their  taxes.   We say: Dump that. Let's get away from that. Let's double their  standard deduction, lower their rates, and give them some real money.   Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California  (Mrs. Mimi Walters).   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Brady) control the balance of my time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the  gentleman from Illinois?   There was no objection.   Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Madam Speaker, I rise to engage the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Brady) in a colloquy.   Madam Speaker, tax reform will result in economic growth across the  country, especially in my home State of California. I thank the  gentleman for his dedication to this important effort.   Madam Speaker, my home State is uniquely positioned in this tax  debate. Due to the liberal tax-and-spend policies enacted by the  California State Legislature, my district in Orange County is one of  the most expensive places to live in this country. California has the  highest personal income tax rate in the country, reaching a crushing  12.3 percent. The median home price in my district is almost $800,000.  California also has the highest gas tax in the country.   While this bill makes important reforms that will grow our economy, I  have serious concerns that some of my constituents may be worse off. As  Sacramento continues to confiscate more and more of California's hard- earned paychecks, we must ensure that Washington does not put similar  tax burdens on our constituents.   I ask the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee to assure me that  we will ensure that individuals and families in my district are  protected from such unintended outcomes.   