 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for the work  he has done with the Appropriations Committee.   Mr. Chair, I rise to speak about two important sections of the  funding bill: the Agriculture and the State, Foreign Operations  Appropriations bill.   I am pleased to support the committee's work in addressing several  crucial issues facing America's agricultural community.   I commend the committee for encouraging expansion of the foot and  mouth disease vaccine supply through the Animal and Plant Health  Inspection Service at the USDA.   I am also pleased to support the committee's recognition for the  critical contributions the National Animal Health Laboratory Network  makes in responding to emergency threats to American Agriculture,  funding the National Veterinary Stockpile, and for supporting pest  management and disease research.   I also want to recognize the committee's support for citrus greening  research and response, which is vital to the State of Florida's  economy. This vital program we are supporting today will provide  valuable protection for our agricultural system from pests and disease,  and will encourage innovative solutions to agricultural issues to the  future.   In regards to the State and Foreign Operations Appropriations budget,  I want to first thank the committee for including language that will  make the international broadcasting funds available at levels no lower  than the previous year. This will ensure the administration has the  ability to increase the transmissions of information into North Korea,  which is critical for eroding support for Kim Jong-un's brutal regime,  breaking the dictator's stronghold on information.   Finally, I want to mention foreign assistance and development. Today,  America is confronting unprecedented instability and growing  humanitarian crises around the world, all of which have a direct impact  on our national security and economic interests at home.    The U.S. Government must use each and every dollar more efficiently  and effectively. This appropriations bill takes important steps in  making it more effective. This investment in foreign aid can yield  great returns and can help increase trade, trade that is vital not only  to my State of Florida, where it supports over 2.5 million jobs, but to  the entire United States.   Eleven of the 15 largest importers of U.S. goods and services are  countries that graduated from U.S. foreign assistance, and 12 of the 15  fastest growing markets for U.S. exports are former recipients of our  aid.   The State Department and U.S. development agencies work to advance  America's economic interests by promoting exports that today make up  almost 13 percent of America's $18 trillion economy and supports about  one in five American jobs.   We must look to cut the duplicative and ineffective programs while  empowering the parts of our foreign assistance that work to become even  more effective.   