 Mr. President, I join the Senator from Iowa in supporting  Governor Branstad as our next Ambassador to China. I have the  opportunity of being the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee. I knew of Governor Branstad's reputation as the  Governor of Iowa--that he was well thought of and that his leadership  was recognized not only by the people of his State but in our Nation.   So I was, before the nomination was made, impressed by his dedication  to public service. I then had a chance to meet with him in my office. I  must tell you that I was extremely impressed about how he was prepared  to move on to be the Ambassador to China and how he spoke in favor of  our strong ideals.   We then had a confirmation hearing in our committee, and that very  much confirmed his knowledge of the challenges that he has, his  dedication to public service, and that he would be a strong advocate  for American values. So I support his nomination and I urge my  colleagues to confirm Governor Branstad. As Senator Ernst pointed out,  our mission in China is a particularly important international  responsibility.   We know that China plays a significant role--maybe even a dominating  role--in regard to North Korea and in trying to get North Korea to give  up its nuclear arsenal. We also know that China has a very checkered  record on protecting the human rights of its own citizens. We have  major trade issues between the United States and China, in which our  Ambassador needs to be engaged to protect American commercial  interests.   We have the continuing saga between Taiwan and China and living up to  our commitments to protect the integrity of Taiwan. Then, we have a  very dangerous situation in the South China  [[Page S3059]]  Sea, where China has done many provocative activities that will require  the diplomacy of our Ambassador in Beijing in order to encourage the  use of the rule of law in direct negotiations between the parties and  not claiming territory by provocative actions.   So, for all of those issues, we need an experienced Ambassador in  China to represent our interests. What really impressed me about  Governor Branstad is that I do believe he has a passion for American  values.   I particularly appreciated his willingness--and would even say he was  anxious--to represent American and global interests for China's  improving their human rights record and dealing with the right of  religious minorities, dealing with the right of dissent, and dealing  with the right of free expression and the press. He very much spoke  about the need for the rule of law. So while we welcome the emergence  of a prosperous China, we want one that follows international  institutional laws and norms. That is going to be the challenge for our  next Ambassador.   Let me comment on what I believe the Trump administration is doing  that is going to make our next Ambassador's responsibilities even more  challenging than perhaps they should be; that is, that we have seen  already that in the discussions between President Xi and President  Trump with respect to North Korea, it seems like the Trump  administration is prepared to give up some of our American values in  order to make progress with regard to North Korea, such as our  interests in our American workers, our interests in the South China  Sea, in maritime security, our relationship with Taiwan, and human  rights, et cetera.   That would be a bad deal. Yes, we want North Korea to be under  control and to give up its nuclear weapons. Yes, we want China to  exercise a much stronger role in convincing North Korea that it is in  their interests to give up their nuclear weapon program. We want to do  that. There are ways we can. It is in China's interests that North  Korea give up its nuclear weapon ambition. They want a nonnuclear  Korean Peninsula. We should not trade our values in order for that to  be able to occur.   The second matter, which I have talked about on the floor before,  that is going to make it more difficult for our next Ambassador is the  President's continued unwillingness to comply with the emoluments  clause of the Constitution.    As I have said on the floor before, every President before President  Trump either divested of their conflicted ownership of assets or they  set up a blind trust, but Mr. Trump did not. Shortly after his  election, the Trump organization received trademarks through the  Chinese Government that they had been unsuccessful in obtaining for  years, in which they have spent literally hundreds of thousands of  dollars if not more in legal fees.   All of a sudden, 1 week after the President is elected, the Chinese  Government grants these trademarks. It is hard to believe that the fact  that they were dealing with the President of the United States did not  weigh into decisions made by the Chinese Government.   But it does not end there. We also know that a member of his family  was in China to sell the EB-5 visas. That, again, presented a direct  conflict. We actually know that his daughter received three new  trademarks in an incredibly speedy turnaround--the same night that the  daughter had dinner with President Xi.   These things don't look good. The emoluments clause is where a  foreign government tries to influence our President through doing  favors. It is going to be very difficult for the American people--in  fact, very difficult for the international community--to believe that  it was not, in part, due to the position that Mr. Trump holds that  these actions took place.   That violates our Constitution. That is wrong.   The bottom line is that our next Ambassador is going to have to deal  with those issues. We have a hard enough assignment in dealing with  North Korea, trade, the South China Sea, Taiwan, and human rights to  throw in these additional hurdles. So I urge my colleagues to support  Mr. Branstad's nomination. I believe that he is well-qualified to  represent this country. I hope the Trump administration will give him a  stronger hand to play.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   