 DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, first of all, the  Affordable Healthcare Act is the best thing that has happened to  healthcare in the U.S. since the mid 1960's when Congress passed  Medicare and Medicaid. More than twenty million people in our country  have health insurance coverage now who never had it before.   In Illinois, 36 percent of children receive coverage through Medicaid  with approximately 3.1 million people covered overall.   There are 649,000 Illinoisans enrolled under the Affordable Care Act,  this bill AHCA would repeal and replace the ACA.   Implementation of the AHCA will lead to a loss of coverage for 24  million people nationwide.   Overall 44,296 Illinoisans covered under the ACA and 252,612 covered  under Medicaid expansion will be in danger of curtailed coverage.   Healthcare professionals and activists have worked hard over the past  fifty years to improve healthcare access and delivery and it would be a  shame to have us go backwards.   Passage of the AHCA would probably cause real estate taxes in Cook  County to go up in order to keep Stroger Hospital and its other health  services adequately funded to meet the health needs of the medically  indigent in Cook County.   Practically every professional healthcare group in America is opposed  to the AHCA.   It will spell disaster for residents of Illinois.    DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I know that Congressman  Rush has extolled the virtues of Father Clements sufficiently, and I  certainly won't need 45 or 46 additional minutes to do that; but I can  tell you that Father George Clements is an exemplary, extraordinary,  unordinary man, a priest of the highest order, but a man who adopted  four sons, and he has just been tributed not only here, but certainly  back in our hometown of Chicago, Illinois.   The thing about his four sons that he adopted, being a single priest,  that was not the easiest thing in the world to do. But all four of them  have become outstanding individuals everyplace they have been  throughout America.   Father Clements not only saved my colleague at a time of great peril,  at a time of great need, which demonstrated tremendous courage, but  down through the years, he has continued to provide creative leadership  and great initiatives, especially as related to children and the needs  that they had--One Church-One Child, One Church-One Family, one church  helping individuals who were in need of help.   Mr. Speaker, I join with Congressman Rush in paying tribute to this  outstanding humanitarian, Father George Clements.      Tribute to Ms. Ruth Life, Educator, Friend, and Community Activist     DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I also come to the floor  to give tribute to a lady, Ms. Ruth Life, an educator, friend, and  community activist.   I have been fortunate, Mr. Speaker, to have known many outstanding  individuals during my lifetime, but never have I known anyone more  outstanding, more passionate, more consistent, more reliable, or more  giving of herself than Ms. Ruth Life, whom I met in the 1960s.   I met Ms. Life during the time when community activism was at a  serious, high level, especially in the city of Chicago, Illinois, where  I come from. Ms. Life, like many of our generation, was involved,  actively engaged in efforts to make life for people who lived in the  communities where we lived and worked better.   Both of us worked for the Chicago Public Schools system at that time.  We were working in District 10, where Mr. Joseph Rosen was  superintendent of schools and Ms. Ida Mae ``Ma'' Fletcher, as we called  her, was the leading school activist.   As time went on, I left the teaching profession but continued to run  into Ms. Life at meetings and church activities. When it came to  teaching, there were none better.   As she became the assistant principal at the Roswell B. Mason  Elementary School, she was creative, encouraging, and imaginative. When  you walked into Roswell B. Mason Elementary School, you knew that  teachers were teaching and students were learning.   Thirty-eight years is a long time to teach and educate, but Ms. Life  spent a lifetime of service to humanity, especially through her church,  the People's Church of the Harvest Church of God in Christ, where  Michael Eaddy is the pastor and visionary. Their church has just  recently developed a $13 million housing project through their  community development association, of which Ms. Life was secretary.   As she passes away and moves to another level of being, I can almost  hear the Master speaking to her, saying: ``Well done, my good, and  faithful servant. You have done exceptionally well here on Earth. Now I  invite you to come on up to the bosom of Abraham, where you can rest in  peace and spend eternity.''   Mr. Speaker, I am so delighted to have had this opportunity to  exemplify the life of this outstanding woman, Ms. Ruth life.   