 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Donald Trump has decided to withdraw  the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change. This is a  decision that may prove to be one of the worst foreign policy blunders  in our Nation's history.   There is no denying the mounting threat of climate change. We observe  rising seas, warming global temperatures, and melting glaciers and ice  sheets. Yet the President cast aside a historic global agreement forged  through American leadership.   Americans now ask what to do next. For individual citizens, my answer  is simple: Take action. Join an environmental group. Support science  and scientists. Organize in your community.   Many Americans have been publicly pledging to meet the goals of the  Paris Agreement through movements like the ``I am still in'' pledge.  Every action, big and small, counts.   American corporations must also act. Unfortunately, they have been  AWOL in the politics of climate change. This has been so frustrating  because so many of them have great climate principles. They just  abandon them when they come to Washington. That is why, for my 169th  ``Time to Wake Up'' speech, I have a message for corporate America:   First, know that you are hugely influential in Congress. You command  extraordinary attention in our political system. This gives you a  unique power against the Breitbart fake-news spigot, the shameless  fossil fuel industry, and the Koch brothers' climate denial operation,  which were all behind the President's fateful decision.   President Trump's brain-dead withdrawal from the Paris accord may  prove to be for the best if it creates heightened political interest in  climate action from American business leaders. At the moment, corporate  political interests in climate action, setting the fossil fuel industry  aside entirely, still averages out below zero.   As a Senator, I see corporate America's lobbying efforts in Congress  firsthand. Here are some highlights:   Silicon Valley lobbies through an organization called TechNet.  TechNet represents Goliaths, like Microsoft, Apple, Google, and  Facebook, all of which have great climate policies. TechNet also  represents clean energy companies, like Sunrun, Bloom Energy, and  SolarCity.   TechNet came again this year to lobby Congress on its six priorities.  Here is a page from the actual lobbying materials that TechNet brought  to our meeting. The group's Federal policies are these: tax reform,  high-skilled immigration reform, education and workforce development,  entrepreneurship and job creation, smart infrastructure, and digital  trade. Climate change did not make it onto TechNet's priorities list.  Even clean energy failed to make it onto the list of the organization  that includes Bloom Energy, SolarCity, and Sunrun.   This is not a matter of these giants being cowed by the Trump  administration. TechNet came last year when Obama was President, and  climate change was not on their agenda then, either. Indeed, the week  TechNet came last year, I also had a visit from the timber and lumber  industry. Despite what climate change is doing to America's forests,  climate change was not on the lumber and timber industry agenda.   That very same week, the property casualty insurance industry came to  meet me. These insurance companies write the big checks when climate  change sends Mother Nature haywire. Climate change was not mentioned by  this industry, either. That was quite a week.   Big business lobbying on climate change is actually worse than zero  because the big business trade associations and lobbying groups are  often run by the fossil fuel industry. Green energy manufacturers,  represented in Washington, DC, by the National Association of  Manufacturers, will find their own association lined up against them on  climate change. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is one of climate action's  most implacable enemies, despite the good climate policies of so many  companies on its board.   These lobby groups are the most persistent voices of America's  business community here in Congress. They are the ones who are most  active, and they are constant enemies on clean energy and climate  action--despite the companies they represent--because, in truth, they  answer to the fossil fuel industry, not the business community, when it  comes to climate change.   Here is how this can play out. Coca-Cola and PepsiCo are the two  biggest beverage companies in America. Both have excellent climate  policies. Pepsi even supports Ceres, a fledgling business lobbying  group for climate action, but their trade association, the American  Beverage Association, takes no lobbying interest in climate change. It  knows how to lobby. We can see the lobbying expenditures run up in 2009  and 2010, when they were concerned about Congress's taxing sweetened  drinks or corn syrup. It just takes no interest in climate issues.   Worse, Coke and Pepsi run money through the American Beverage  Association to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Add their lobbying all up,  and Coke and Pepsi do virtually nothing themselves. A few ounces of  credit go to Pepsi for supporting Ceres. Their American Beverage  Association trade group doesn't lift a finger to help, and the U.S.  Chamber of Commerce is a brute force adversary.   The result is that the net lobbying presence of Coke and Pepsi in  Congress on climate change is exactly opposed to the two companies'  stated policies on climate change. They say one thing; their lobbying  effort does the opposite.   On the other side of the fossil fuel divide, the heavy political hand  of the fossil fuel industry is felt constantly around here, and that  heavy hand is mercilessly opposed to any climate action and enforces  its will with a parade of political weaponry akin to those old Soviet  May Day parades of tanks, rockets, and artillery. Cross them, and they  [[Page S3318]]  come after you hard. Ask former Congressman Bob Inglis. He urged his  fellow Republicans to heed the climate science and was hammered for it.   Also, no one should buy the phony assertions by Big Oil CEOs that  they recognize that climate change is real and support putting a price  on carbon. They say that. ExxonMobil's CEO said that to his  shareholders again just last week.   In the Senate, I am the Senate author of a carbon price bill. I know  who is lobbying where on carbon prices, and I can tell you their  statement is just not true. Every single element of that Soviet May Day  parade of fossil fuel political weaponry is dead set against any such  thing. What do we conclude from that? Either Big Oil's CEOs don't know  what their own lobbying apparatus is doing, or they are just not  telling the truth. You guess which.   The strategy of the fossil fuel industry has been to control the  Republican Party. You can jam things up by jamming up one party, and  you can make it look like it is a partisan issue when it is just old- fashioned, self-interested lobbying. In order to accomplish that  purpose, the worst of the political threats and blandishments of the  fossil fuel industry are directed against Republicans.   As long as legitimate corporate leaders in America sit idly by while  fossil fuel terrorizes and corrupts the Republican Party, there will  not be much progress. ``But, oh,'' some will say, ``there aren't  Republicans who will respond. This is too partisan an issue. It will be  a wasted effort.'' Not so. I came to the Senate in 2007, and for years  there was bipartisan action on climate change--2007, 2008, 2009.   It only stopped when the fossil fuel industry secured from five  Republican-appointed Justices on the Supreme Court the disgraceful  Citizens United decision of 2010. In 2007, lots of bipartisan activity;  2008, lots of bipartisan activity; 2009, lots of bipartisan activity;  2010, Citizens United--dead stop. That Citizens United decision is what  started the fossil fuel Soviet May Day parade of unprecedented  political artillery. No special interest had that kind of political  artillery before Citizens United opened it up, and much of the post- Citizens United effort has been using dark money to hide the fossil  fuel industry's hand.   Since Citizens United, there has been no bipartisan climate action,  but that doesn't mean there aren't still Republicans willing to work  with us. I know this firsthand. There are Republicans willing to work  with us. They just need to know somebody will give them safe passage  through the political kill zone that Citizens United has let the fossil  fuel industry create. Well, with the Trump administration now all the  way over in the ``fossil fuel, Breitbart, Koch brothers climate denial  corner,'' it now rests on the shoulders of the legitimate business  community to come off the sidelines. They can't count on this  administration. They now have to come off the sidelines themselves and  do so in strength commensurate with the seriousness of the problem.   If, as a country, we pitch ourselves and the world into the present  worst-case climate change scenarios, billions of people will suffer,  and suffering people want answers and justice. It will become hard to  defend to them our American system of democratic government against  charges of corruption and our system of market capitalism against  charges of indifference. Government has been corrupted by fossil fuel  interests, and too many companies are indifferent. You can't make a  case without the facts to back it up, and American companies, more than  anyone else, benefit from a world order where liberal democracies  prevail. So the stakes for the American business community are very  real.   The political mischief of the fossil fuel industry and its front  groups will leave a lasting stain on the democracy we all treasure. It  is time, in the wake of the President's decision on Paris--isolating  America with Syria as our companion in isolation--it is time that the  decent and honorable business community played a meaningful role in  setting this right. To them, I say: Trump has betrayed you so now is  the time to align your industry's political engagement with your  industry's position on climate. That is not asking much. We are only  asking that American corporations align their political engagement on  climate change with their actual position on climate change. If you  take climate change seriously, great. Take it seriously when you come  to Congress. The United States of America, where 1 day after D-day--a  day when Americans stormed ashore to free the continent of Europe,  fought their way through to knock down Nazi tyranny, and then rebuilt  Europe under the Marshall Plan and came home--that country ought not to  be a pariah nation with Syria.   We needn't be a banana republic for fossil fuel. We can lead the  world into a brighter, cleaner, safer energy future, but it will take  an effort. So, corporate America, let's make the effort.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   