 Madam President, I will not be addressing the matter  before us because I have just come from Orlando, where so many are  feeling such deep, deep sorrow today. It has been 1 year since the  tragic attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando.   The horror of that early morning still remains fresh for so many,  especially those hundreds and hundreds of people who gathered at the  Pulse nightclub this morning on the occasion of 1 year since the  tragedy. There was quite a ceremony to remember the 49 innocent souls  we lost. It was a massacre of huge proportions by a terrorist.   What terrorists want to do is to divide people. They want to  terrorize them. They inject fear. Interestingly, the terrorist, whose  name was Omar Mateen--although he changed the lives of so many, he took  the lives of 49 people. He changed a lot of other lives of those who  were wounded, and, of course, the families of the 49 victims are still  suffering.   Interestingly, a terrorist wants to divide and inject fear, but this  has had the opposite effect in Orlando. It has unified people. It has  unified the community as I have never seen before. It has unified our  State; indeed, it has unified our Nation. So quite the opposite effect  has happened from what the terrorist intended--other than the slaughter  of 49 innocent lives. Sadly, these are the 49, and they are all being  honored today. It was a very moving ceremony.   One of the causes that came out of the unification of Orlando is  that--instead of creating a number of victims' funds--they put it all  into one fund. Tens of millions of dollars have now gone into that  fund, and it is helping to finance some of the victims who survived and  their medical expenses, some of the families and the loved ones of  those who were lost.   Interestingly, being there, suddenly those moments came rushing back.  I heard about it early on a Sunday morning when the news broke about  the massacre the night before, which had occurred in the early morning  hours. As I raced from my home to downtown Orlando on South Orange  Avenue, I was able to get on the telephone the No. 3 at the FBI, and he  gave me authorization to tell what they originally were anticipating  had happened. Once I got to the scene, I was able to share that. Of  course, they had a representative of the FBI on the scene. They had set  up a command post. Mayor Buddy Dyer had taken charge. It was quite a  scene.   The tales of heroism are nonstop. The Orlando Police Department SWAT  team, which went inside--before they could get the SWAT team there,  members of the Police Department and the Sheriff's Department were  there. One block away was a fire station that became a triage point.  First responders got there and were trying to save people's lives. It  was because of the massive number of casualties--49--that while the  gunman Mateen was holed up in one of the bathrooms with hostages, some  whom he had already shot had bled to death. While he was in the  bathroom, police and paramedics were going in and pulling people out in  those dark hours of the early morning. Of course, they were using  whatever vehicle--if there was a pickup truck, they would put the  victims on the truck. Fortunately, Orlando Regional Medical Center is  only about six to eight blocks away, and, of course, it is a trauma  center hospital.  [[Page S3386]]    About a week later, I went to see the trauma surgeons. A resident who  had been getting his residency there as a trauma surgeon was so moved  by that experience that he put on his Facebook page what he was feeling  and showed a picture of his bloody shoes that he didn't even recognize  because he was so busy. It was not until the next day that he looked at  those shoes. He put a picture of that on his Facebook page, and he  wrote: To be a trauma surgeon and have waves of people coming in, I  didn't know if they were Black or White; I didn't know if they were gay  or straight. All I knew was I was doing everything I could to save  lives.   In some cases, they would make an initial prep; then they would get  the victim, who was still living, up to the operating room where other  surgeons were taking over. In some cases, they did not have time. They  had to do the operation right there in the trauma center. Fortunately,  the one trauma center in all of Central Florida is right there at  Orlando Regional Medical Center.   So a terrorist, perhaps aided and abetted by his wife--this is an  open question, and that determination has not been made. A terrorist  tried to divide us as a nation, just as they had before on 9/11 and at  San Bernardino and in so many other cases where they had been foiled.  There are others whom you can't label as terrorists, but they are in  their own ways--all the killings that have occurred at schools. If you  lump all of that together, they try to divide us. Yet Orlando came  together, united. They have a catch phrase for it. It is called Orlando  Strong.   America is a nation of compassion, generosity, kindness, and respect.  Those are precisely the qualities we saw from the people of Orlando  when they came together a year ago, and this Senator saw that again in  vivid detail this morning.   We are forever grateful for the bravery and heroism of the police,  the first responders, the sheriff's department, the FBI, the families,  and victims helping other victims. We are forever grateful for the  trauma surgeons and the operating room nurses and doctors, as they  saved lives. We are forever grateful for the hospital and how it  completely accommodated all of this mass confusion and how it forgave  all of the medical expenses for those who had been victims, both the  living and the dead. We are forever grateful for those who rushed to  the scene that night in the face of uncertainty, in the pitch darkness  of that nightclub, not knowing where the shooter was. We are forever  grateful for the skills of the negotiators as they tried to talk the  shooter down. Ultimately, when he came out with the automatic weapons  blazing, they had to take him down.   To all of those heroes, we say thank you. To all of those heroes who  are also the families of these victims, we say thank you. To the  victims' families and loved ones, we want to say that even though you  lost those loved ones, they did not die in vain. Out of evil, what we  have seen is good.   Thanks to all of Orlando, not only for what you did that night, but  thank you for what you do every day. A year later, I can report to the  Senate that we are Orlando Strong.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   