 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 5, and let's get back to what we are talking about. We are talking  about overregulation right now. We are not talking about the Red army  or any other type of a red threat that is coming in here. The real  threat is red tape. We are not talking about scotch tape or duct tape,  we are talking about red tape. There is $2 trillion worth of red tape  that the American consumers have to pay for every year. That is  trillion with a ``T.'' Every single regulation that goes into effect,  not by elected officials but by unelected bureaucrats, I am not saying  they are not well intended, I am just saying they are not well thought  out. And we really don't know who is going to pay for all of these. The  burden is on the American consumers, the American taxpayers.   So if we are talking about creating jobs and if we are talking about  getting our economy back on track, let's get the heavy regulatory boot  of the American government off of the throat of American job creators.  Why don't we make it easier for people to be profitable. Why don't we  make it easier for people to start a new business. Why don't we make  the prices cheaper on the shelves, and all of the services that are out  there cheaper for the American people to buy and purchase.   We get caught up in debate about things that don't make sense to  everyday Americans. They elect us to come and represent them. They  don't elect us to preach to them. They don't elect us to say: You,  poor, stupid people, you don't understand, we are trying to help you.   The Congress has oversight of this. This is our job. Why would we  turn it over to unelected bureaucrats. How about this: In 2015, we  passed 114 laws. Meanwhile, there were 3,410 rules that were put into  effect. Is there a little bit of a problem with the balance there? Is  there a little bit of a problem with the people who sent us to  represent them telling them: you don't understand, that rule, that  regulation, I never had a chance to weigh in on it?    They are asking: Then why the heck did we send you?   And I appreciate the fact that Federal employees need to be  appreciated. Being one of those employees, I do appreciate that. When I  go home, I love when people tell me: you know what, we really  appreciate that you are standing up for us. We really appreciate that  you are watching where our tax dollars are going. We really appreciate  the fact that you are trying to make it easier for us to breathe, make  [[Page H333]]  it easier for us to succeed, make it easier for us to supply all this  revenue.   Every single penny that this government needs to run on is not  supplied by the Congress, it is supplied by hardworking American  taxpayers. And you know what, we can't even collect enough money from  them to cover our bills. We have to go out and borrow more. But they  are responsible for it. We sign their name on every single debt that we  make.   It is time to wake up and smell the coffee. This is not about some  other debate. This is about what we are doing to hardworking American  taxpayers and hardworking Americans every single day.   Then some say: you don't understand, you poor, stupid people, we are  trying to make the air clean and the water drinkable. Yes, I understand  that. That is what we are doing. Why do you try to change it into  something that doesn't even make sense? Please go back into your  communities and talk to these folks that are saddled with these  expenses and look them in the eye and tell them you are just not smart  enough to know how government works. The one thing they know is we are  $20 trillion in the red.   