 Madam President, I wanted to say a few words about the  new Republican healthcare plan that was just announced a few hours ago.  While there are some modest changes in it, the truth of the matter is  that this plan remains a disaster. It remains an embarrassment. I think  the indication that it is an embarrassment is that with legislation  that would impact about one-sixth of the American economy of over $3  trillion a year--legislation that, because it is healthcare, impacts  virtually everybody--there has not been one public hearing on this  legislation. It has all been done behind closed doors. Honestly, no  matter what one's view may be on where we as a Nation should go with  healthcare, whether you like this bill or you don't like this bill, I  just don't know how someone can seriously say that we don't have to  hear from physicians about the impact of this legislation on their  ability to treat their patients. I just don't know how you do that--or  that we don't have to hear from hospitals.   I come from a rural State. What will the impact of this legislation  and the massive $800 billion cuts on Medicaid do to rural hospitals all  over the United States? There is some belief that many rural hospitals  in areas where they are desperately needed will be forced to shut down.  Is that the truth? That is what I hear, but I can't tell you  definitively because there hasn't been a hearing on that issue. So I  don't know how we go forward with legislation without having  administrators from rural hospitals coming before the committee--I am  on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee--or the Finance  Committee to answer that question.   The Presiding Officer comes from a State and I come from a State  where we have a major opioid crisis. It is devastating the entire  country. What will this bill do to our ability to prevent and treat the  opioid crisis, which is decimating this country from one end of America  to the other? What happens if you cut $800 billion in Medicaid? How  will people get the treatment they need today--which is inadequate? In  my State, it is inadequate. I don't think there is a State in the  country that today is providing the necessary treatment or prevention  capabilities to deal with this opioid and heroin crisis, which is  ravaging America. What impact will an $800 billion cut have on that? I  understand there is some additional money going into opioid treatment,  but how do you do that without the framework of allowing people the  access to get healthcare? If you get thrown off of healthcare, what  will the additional opioid money mean? I think not a whole lot.   In this bill, there are still hundreds of billions of dollars-- several hundred billion dollars--in tax breaks to large health  insurance companies, to drug companies, to medical device companies,  and to tanning salons. As a nation, are we really interested in giving  significant tax breaks to large insurance companies and then throwing  children who have disabilities off of the Medicaid they currently  receive? Is that what the American people want? I don't think they do.   I have to tell my colleagues that this Republican legislation, as the  Presiding Officer knows, has been opposed by almost every major  national healthcare organization in the country, including the American  Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, the AARP, which  is the largest senior group in America, the American Psychiatric  Association, the American pediatrics association. Virtually all of the  major healthcare groups are saying that this legislation would be a  disaster for the people they serve.   Just last night we had a teleconference townhall in Vermont and we  had some 15,000, 16,000 people on the phone. The calls that were coming  in were very painful calls. I almost didn't want to be honest in  answering the calls. A woman calls up and she says: My son has a very  serious medical illness, and we spend a fortune on prescription drugs.  What is going to happen if this bill passes? What was I going to tell  her, that perhaps her son would die? It is just not something I feel  comfortable even talking about.  [[Page S3982]]    The truth is--and this is not Bernie Sanders talking, this is study  after study after study that says that if you do as they did in the  House, which is throw 23 million people off of health insurance,  including people who are struggling with cancer, people who are  struggling with heart disease, people who are struggling with diabetes,  what does common sense tell us? If you are struggling with cancer and  you lose your health insurance, what do you think is going to happen to  you?   What study after study has shown is that thousands of people will  die. It is not that any Republican here wants to see anyone die, but  that is the consequence of what happens when you throw, as the House  bill did, 23 million people off of health insurance. We should not be  giving tax breaks to insurance companies and then throwing disabled  children, or people with terrible illnesses who are fighting for their  lives, off of health insurance.   The AARP is very strongly opposed to this legislation. The reason is  pretty clear. What every person in America should understand, and I am  not sure that many do, is that Medicaid now pays for over two-thirds of  all nursing home care--two-thirds. What happens to the seniors and  persons with disabilities who have their nursing home coverage paid for  by Medicaid today? What is going to happen to those people?   What happens if your mom is in a nursing home? You don't have a lot  of money, and your mom is in a nursing home paid for by Medicaid. What  happens if Medicaid is slashed? What is going to happen to your mom? Is  she going to be thrown out on the street or end up in the basement of  your house? Are you going to have to make the choice about whether you  take care of her or put away a few bucks to send your kid to college?  If suddenly a daughter or a son is going to have to care for a mom or a  dad thrown out of a nursing home, how do they go to work to earn the  money their families need?   These are legitimate questions, and it would have been nice to have a  hearing or two in order to answer those questions.   The bottom line is that we have legislation before us that is widely  rejected by the American people. The last poll that I saw, which was  done by USA Today, suggested that 12 percent of the American people  supported this legislation--12 percent. Virtually every major  healthcare organization in America opposes this legislation. There is  nothing I have seen today--none of the tweaks that have been put into  this make this legislation in any way, shape, or form acceptable.   It is no great secret that the Affordable Care Act is far from  perfect. I don't think you hear anybody here say: Hey, the ACA is  great; it doesn't need any changes. It does need changes. Deductibles  are far too high in Vermont. Premiums are too high. Copayments are too  high. And the cost of prescription drugs in Vermont and all over this  country is off the charts.   I was in West Virginia, and I talked to a woman for a moment after I  spoke, and she said that she is taking care of her older brother. Her  brother has seizures. The medicine her brother was using went up by 900  percent over the last few years. Why? Because that is what the drug  companies can get away with. Tomorrow it may be 1,000 percent. Does  anybody in America think that makes sense? Is anybody happy in  America? Are people in Missouri happy, are people in West Virginia and  people in Vermont happy that we are paying by far the highest prices in  the world for prescription drugs? I don't think so. There are ideas out  there about how we can significantly lower the costs of prescription  drugs in this country, how we can lower deductibles, how we can lower  copayments.    Now, as I have said many, many times, I happen to believe that while  it is important that we improve the Affordable Care Act, at the end of  the day, this country must do what every other major country on Earth  does, and that is to understand that healthcare is a right, not a  privilege.   Right now, we have 28 million people who have zero health insurance.  If this bill in the House were to go through, there would be another 23  million on top of the 28--over 50 million people--without any health  insurance. Does that make any sense to anybody?   Our job is to join the rest of the industrialized world and make sure  that every man, woman, and child has healthcare as a right, no matter  what your income is. When you get sick, you go to the doctor. When you  have to go to the hospital, you don't go bankrupt. That is what a  civilized democracy is about. That is what they do in Canada. That is  what they do in the UK, France, Germany, Scandinavia, and Holland.  Every major country on Earth guarantees healthcare to all people. That  is where I want to see our country go, and I will be introducing  legislation to make sure that happens.   More and more people all over this country want to move us in that  direction. But right now, our job is to make sure that millions of  people do not lose their health insurance in order to give tax breaks  to insurance companies. Our job is to make sure that disabled children  continue to get the care they need and older folks aren't thrown out of  nursing homes. That is what we have to do.   So I urge in the strongest possible way the defeat of this  legislation. Then, let's go forward to improve the Affordable Care Act,  not destroy it.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Missouri.   