 Mr. President, for 8 years, working families have seen  their wages stay pretty much exactly where they were and, in some  cases, they have seen their wages go down and their income go down.   I will say again that the goal of this tax proposal should be to  immediately do what we can to see an increase in take-home pay for  those families and to do everything we can in the Tax Code to make us  more competitive, to see that they have better jobs to start with and  more competition for the good work they do.   Our Tax Code clearly is broken. It is taking money out of the pockets  of hard-working families and standing in the way of stronger economic  growth, and we can and should and must do something about that. That is  why the Senate is moving toward the passage of a bill that will address  that Tax Code from both ends--more take-home pay now, better jobs with  more pay to start with, and more take-home pay later.   According to the Tax Foundation, under the Senate's proposal, middle- income families in Missouri will see an estimated increase of about  $2,400 in their aftertax income. When we consider the fact that nearly  6 in 10 Americans say they don't have enough savings to cover a $500  emergency or a $1,000 emergency, $200 a month really matters. There may  be people talking about how the Tax Code doesn't do enough of this and  enough of that, and at the higher end we should do more or we should do  less, but no family who is working hard every day in the middle range  of income in our country doesn't think that $200 a month makes a  difference to them. At another level--at the $50,000 level--I think for  that family, it is about $1,100 a year, so $100 a month makes a  difference as well.   This proposal would make our Tax Code simpler and easier to  understand by just simply cutting out all of the deductions that only a  few people are able to take advantage of so everybody looks at the Tax  Code and has more reason to believe that everybody is not only going to  be treated fairly, but everybody is being treated the same.   There are deductions in this bill we should keep where they are.  There are deductions like the child tax credit that we should increase.  In fact, the Senate proposal that that committee will start, with the  opportunity to amend further tomorrow--the Senate proposal doubles the  child tax credit to $2,000 per child.   Senator Klobuchar, my friend from Minnesota and the cochairman of the  adoption caucus, and I were on the floor yesterday, pleased to be  talking about tax credits, and certainly I am pleased to see that the  adoption tax credit continues to be in this bill.   The new mark also reduces individual rates. The current rate of 22.5  goes lower. The 25-percent rate goes to 24 percent, and the 32.5 goes  to 32 percent. What does that mean? That is all very complicated, but  what people know, or at least their accountant knows, is that everybody  sort of pays the same percentage on the first amount of income and then  they pay a little higher percentage if they make it into the second  bracket and a little higher if they make it into the third bracket.  When all of those percentages go down, the total tax benefit for  taxpayers is impacted by that.   There are direct benefits in this bill but also benefits that  continue to encourage small business. The estimation for small business  is that 97 percent of all business in Missouri are small businesses,  and the average tax cut for those businesses would be about $3,000 a  year. These small businesses are the engines that drive the economy.  They are the engines that drive growth. This bill understands that.   This bill understands working families who haven't had a break in  their paycheck in 8 years now, and it is time for them to be able to  take home more of the money they earn.   It is also time for us to do everything we can to see that they are  going to have more competition for the good work they do in the future.  More competition and more ability to compete with other countries and  other companies mean better jobs. That is what this is about. It is a  tax bill about families and jobs.   I look forward to everyone in the Senate having a chance to amend the  bill on the floor and to watch what I think has been a significant  improvement in the bill as the Finance Committee has had a chance to  look at it. They will have a chance to amend it.  [[Page S7235]]  Then we have a chance--those of us not on that committee--to look at  what they have done and see what we can do to make it even better  before we go to conference with the House and put a bill on the  President's desk. We will do that. I am confident we will be successful  here, and successful this year, in a way that matters to working  families.   I see my colleague from Colorado is here.   I yield the floor.   