 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to oppose a $900 million earmark to the  Gateway Project, an upgrade of an Amtrak rail bridge and tunnel between  Newark and New York City. This earmark is a downpayment. The project is  supposed to be $29.5 billion.   My amendment would do two things: It would cut spending by $474  million, and it would take $400 million and add it to national transit  funding.   Mr. Chairman, New Jersey canceled a project doing the same thing in  2010. That was when it cost $8.7 billion. Now the Federal version costs  $13 billion. This is what the Governor's office said, defending the  decision, in reference to comments made by Senator Frank Lautenberg:   `` . . . perhaps he can explain why he is insisting New Jersey tax  and toll payers fund 70 percent of a project, while billions in Federal  funding pour out of Washington for high-speed rail lines in other  States like Florida, which will pay only 20 percent of project costs.''   Here we are, Mr. Chairman. Billions are about to pour out of  Washington. If this earmark stands, then we send a clear message to the  States: Shortchange your infrastructure, and Washington will bail you  out.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, a couple of things. I look at this, and this  still allows funding of existing projects and infrastructure, but it  also reduces the deficit, too.   And I want to quote the Eno Center for Transportation here: ``It is  obvious from the beginning of the timeline that the new Hudson River  tunnel project was conceived as a way around Governor Christie's  cancellation of the ARC tunnel project. Instead of having Jersey  Transit as the sponsor like ARC, the new tunnel would be under the  aegis of Amtrak.''   Mr. Chairman, this isn't about Amtrak funding. This is about funding  for a single project in New Jersey that the State, itself, wouldn't  fund in 2010. Amtrak funding for the Northeast Corridor account remains  untouched under my amendment.   We are talking about Amtrak funding for a single project. As the  chairman, himself, has said, a significant proportion of the $328  million in the Northeast Corridor account will go to Amtrak.   This is 300 times the size of an average earmark, when we had  earmarks. We have an earmark ban in place right now. There is debate  over this, but it is not fair with the ban in place that chairmen get  huge earmarks and the rest of us, essentially, are banned. There should  be one rule that applies to everyone, and right now the earmark ban is  what applies.   One-sixth of the non-aviation DOT money in this bill is going to  Gateway. In what universe is that reasonable?   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this is a lot of money, as I mentioned  earlier. The State of Good Repair account is funding at 18 times last  year's appropriated level. Let me say that again: 18 times last year's  level and the budget request.   I will close with one more quote from Governor Christie regarding the  decision to cancel the original version of this project. He said: ``I  don't want to hear about the jobs it will create. If I don't have money  for the payroll, it will not create the jobs. This is not a difficult  decision for me.''   The Federal Government doesn't have the money for the payroll either,  Mr. Chairman. We are $20 trillion in debt. Heritage Action for America,  Club for Growth, FreedomWorks, National Taxpayers Union, and Citizens  Against Government Waste are scoring ``yes'' on my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for yielding, and I yield back.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   