 Mr. Chair, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support H.R.1873, the Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection  Act. This important legislation is meant to proactively prevent major  utility reliability problems before they happen.   Currently, electric cooperatives in my district own transmission  lines which cross lands managed by the U.S. Forest Service and the  Bureau of Land Management to provide essential services to rural areas.  I've heard from my electric coops that before addressing problems with  these transmission lines, such as clearing downed trees or excess  debris near utility poles, they must first be granted approval to do  the work from these federal agencies. Any delay in receiving approval  costs time, money, and amplifies the impacts of major power outages to  my constituents.   Currently, electric coops can be held responsible for damages if a  tree falls on a power line and causes a fire, even if the coop is still  awaiting approval to work on clearing the hazardous debris.   H.R. 1873 will save utilities unnecessary costs and improve  electricity reliability for consumers by streamlining outdated federal  land management policies. The language minimizes the need for case-by- case approvals and instead provides expedited review and approvals for  routine vegetation management and maintenance activities. Cutting red  tape will make it easier for electric utility companies to initiate  preventative measures to manage vegetation and woody debris on right- of-way transmission lines. This proactive work will mitigate the  effects of fires and storms by clearing hazardous material before the  natural disaster hits.   Just two weeks ago, a major storm with winds up to seventy miles-per- hour blew through my district and left thousands of my constituents  without power. The strong winds downed trees and took out power lines,  severely damaged homes and businesses, and ripped the roofs off of  barns. Lengthy power outages delay the repairs needed to get storm  victims' lives back on track. So I am eager to support legislation  which helps my communities recover from these painful storms as fast as  possible.   Storms like these are commonplace in Minnesota. Our electric coops  are ready to complete the work necessary to mitigate the effects of  these disasters as much as possible so consumers can have better access  to electricity, especially during natural disasters. Again, I urge my  colleagues to support this bill.   