 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding to me.   I also thank him and our colleague, Congresswoman Eddie Bernice  Johnson, for joining me at the Center for African American Studies at  the University of Texas at Arlington last Thursday evening. It was a  wonderful experience for me. President Vistasp Karbhari, Dr. Jason  Skelton, and my longtime friend, Dr. Marvin Delaney, were perfect  hosts.   Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, Sergeant La David T. Johnson died a  hero's death in a distant land on a mission few Americans know about or  understand. This weekend, his grieving family, including his pregnant  wife, took him to his final resting place in Florida. Sergeant  Johnson's tragic death leaves this young family fatherless.   Mr. Speaker, in his second inaugural address, President Abraham  Lincoln called on our Nation to endeavor to care for him who shall have  borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan.   Unfortunately, rather than comfort Sergeant Johnson's grieving  family, the current occupant of the White House has chosen to use them  as his latest prop in his constant effort to sow discord and division  in this country.   The President and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, who happens  to be a four-star general, have insulted and smeared an honorable  public servant who happens to be a five-star Congresswoman, and, in  effect, called her and her grieving widow constituent liars.    Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson has been a champion for the people  of south Florida for decades. It is no mystery--and it was not  political--that she was accompanying Mrs. Johnson and her family to  receive her husband's remains. She had mentored Sergeant Johnson  throughout his childhood.   I have participated in several of Congresswoman Wilson's 500 Role  Models events and have spoken for one of their graduations. I also wear  this red tie to this floor helping her highlight their efforts. Her  passionate work on behalf of those kidnapped girls of Boko Haram is  unmatched.   As the husband of a five-star African-American woman for more than 56  years and the father of three African-American daughters who are  working hard to earn their stars every day, I feel compelled to respond  to General Kelly and completely disregard his concocted  misrepresentations.   Mr. Speaker, we can have political differences here in Washington.  That comes with the territory. But people need to have the common  decency and basic humanity to refrain from exacerbating the pain of  those already suffering so much. I was taught from childhood that  silence gives consent. I want the White House to know this: I and the  members of the Congressional Black Caucus will not be silent, and we  will not be silenced.   