 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank  him for  [[Page H8382]]  his leadership on this issue on behalf of the terminally ill. I would  also like to thank Senator Johnson for marshaling together the  resources of the Senate to bring this legislation to a head.   I ran for public office because I was tired of the government playing  too large a role in the decisions people make in their private lives,  in their homes, and in their businesses. We live in a world today where  the government wants to tell you where you have got to send your kids  to school, what kind of healthcare plan you have got to buy, what  regulations you have to comply with, and how much money they are going  to take out of your paycheck each and every month.   I certainly don't think the government ought to play a role in  deciding how someone deals with treatment at the end of life. That is  why I am a proud cosponsor of the Right to Try Act with Representative  Biggs, Representative Fitzpatrick, and so many others. My frustration  lies with any regime, regulatory or otherwise, that would impair a  patient's decision to use any medication to be able to alleviate their  symptoms or improve their quality of life in their final days.   It is absolutely ludicrous to me that, in today's world, we don't  allow terminally ill people in every corner of this great country to be  able to use medical cannabis to alleviate their pain and suffering,  particularly at the end of life.   It is so frustrating to me that the Federal Government has lied to  this country for a generation about medical cannabis, saying that it  has no medical value. Well, I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, that is  absolutely not true. I have met with patients in my district who have  received terminal diagnoses, who have been told by their doctors not to  buy green bananas, and yet those folks courageously move forward trying  to be a part of their own treatment and to be a part of their own  clinical plan moving forward.   Too often, doctors, whether it is at the VA or in private practice,  aren't able to counsel their patients and give them advice and comfort  that there is a substance in medical cannabis which has proven in some  circumstances to have medical value.   Stage IV of terminal cancer includes symptoms like loss of appetite,  which can be helped by cannabis, chronic pain, shortness of breath,  difficulty breathing, chemotherapy-induced nausea. All of these things  can be helped by medical cannabis.   Those who are in stage III of AIDS have sleeplessness and weight loss  that can be helped by medical cannabis.   Cannabis has shown great promise in the treatment of Alzheimer's,  Crohn's Disease, multiple sclerosis, and epilepsy, where there are  refractory seizures, at times, 30 or 40 seizures a day.   Mr. Speaker, in this great country, we will have people who will  receive terminal diagnoses each and every day. I say let's get the  government out of their way. Let's let the decisions that impact the  healthcare of patients be made by those patients and their family  members and their doctors, not a bunch of politicians and bureaucrats  in Washington.   As people fall ill, it is my position that this Right to Try Act can  help them, and certainly the inclusion of medical cannabis into this  legislation would make it a great deal more useful and a great deal  better for those in pain.   I thank the gentleman from Arizona for yielding.   