 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, at 2:15 p.m., the Senate vote on the  Friedman nomination and that, if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action with no intervening action  or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business for a period of 10 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss the Patient Protection  and Affordable Care Act, commonly known as ObamaCare, on its seventh  anniversary of being signed into law by our previous President, Barack  Obama.   Looking back at what has happened to healthcare over the past 7  years, there isn't a whole lot of good news to report. Since that time,  Americans have been hit with hundreds of billions in new taxes,  healthcare costs have risen exponentially, and families have struggled  with fewer options and reduced access to healthcare services.   Just in the last year, healthcare premiums have gone up 25 percent  for the typical ObamaCare plan. That number is even higher in my home  State of South Dakota where premiums have increased 37 percent.  ObamaCare has also driven health insurance companies to completely  leave the marketplace, leaving Americans with fewer insurance options.  Again, I will use my own State as an example. Under ObamaCare, the  number of companies offering insurance in the individual market in  South Dakota has dropped from 13 to a mere 2 today. While this is  unfortunate, we are better off than folks in Alaska, Alabama, Oklahoma,  South Carolina, and Wyoming, all of whom have no options at all, as  only one insurer offers plans in those exchanges. This is also the case  for more than 1,000 counties across the Nation, basically one-third of  all the counties in total.   As a result of these skyrocketing costs and reduced options, the  number of Americans enrolling in ObamaCare continues to drop  dramatically. Projections continue to be millions fewer than predicted.  Between 2016 and 2017, nearly a half-million fewer Americans signed up  for the exchange. All of this has barely moved the number of uninsured  South Dakotans between 2010, when ObamaCare was enacted, and today. So  the health insurance market was crippled, premiums have skyrocketed for  hard-working families, and our economy has suffered tremendously under  the ACA, only to have the same number of insured and uninsured  individuals in my home State as before we started.   Nationwide, Americans are rejecting ObamaCare in record numbers. We  saw this rejection of ObamaCare repeatedly over the past 7 years, when  the American people elected into office candidates who at least in part  ran on the platform of repealing ObamaCare. ObamaCare's higher taxes,  fees, and penalties on businesses and investors have also taken a toll.  Meanwhile, consumers who are facing higher premiums and deductibles  have less to spend on goods and services. With one-sixth of our economy  tied to healthcare, this has been detrimental to growth and to  opportunity. It has also been easy to see how the healthcare industry  has rejected ObamaCare over the past 7 years, with many insurers  pulling out of the market and in other places the markets collapsing  altogether. This limits competition and leaves little room in the  healthcare industry, which is why ObamaCare is failing to control the  cost of healthcare in our country. Cost control is a crucial component  in providing truly affordable healthcare, and that begins with the  elimination of ObamaCare's added bureaucracy and paperwork. We must get  government out of the way and allow competitive markets to work once  again, and that is what we are seeking to do with ObamaCare's  replacement, which is expected to receive a vote in the House later  today.    Since we started the process of repealing and replacing ObamaCare, my  office has received a number of calls and emails from South Dakotans  who have expressed concerns. I want to make it clear to them and to all  Americans that during the period in which we transition away from  ObamaCare and toward a more affordable, competitive system, we  understand that the continuation of coverage is an essential component.  We plan to include a number of items that are very important to the  American public: guaranteed renewal of coverage, portability of  coverage for those who change jobs or leave the workforce by retiring,  and a ban on lifetime limits, because if you bought insurance, you  shouldn't run out of insurance.   The provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act which were  included in ObamaCare should be included in our plans. There should be  no exclusions on preexisting conditions if one maintains insurance from  policy to policy, without lapses, and we should include provisions to  allow children to remain on their families' plans until they are at  least the age of 26.   We understand that there is a way to retain all of these positive  provisions  [[Page S1959]]  which are vital to ensuring continued health insurance coverage for all  American families who want it, while also providing a fair and open  marketplace that provides a strong, healthy, competitive market. This,  in turn, will bring affordable, efficient health insurance with  innovative products that will actually help to control the cost of  care. That is what the GOP alternative, while still far from perfect,  is seeking to do. One thing we do know is that the end result will be  better than ObamaCare.   As a father and a grandfather, I understand how important it is to  have access to affordable healthcare. No one should be priced out of  healthcare coverage for one's family. But our current system is simply  not working. After 7 years of ObamaCare, the American people are  dealing with higher healthcare premiums, fewer options, more taxes, and  reduced access to care. Health providers are struggling with more  bureaucracy, with more time spent filling out paperwork instead of  caring for patients, and being frustrated by ObamaCare's crippling new  regulations.   As I have said from time to time, ObamaCare is a rapidly sinking  ship, and there is simply no hope for a recovery. On its seventh  anniversary, it is hurting more people than it is helping, and it must  be repealed and replaced before it totally crumbles under its own  weight.   I yield the floor.   