 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Stacey Plaskett from  the Virgin Islands, for taking this assignment and making sure that the  Congressional Black Caucus continues its conversation with America, and  to inform people on issues that are important to us, and also  reflecting on how important African-American history is, not just to  us, but to this country.   It is African-American history that made this country great in the  first place. How our civil rights groups and people of the same kind,  not necessarily the same color, came together to make this a more  perfect union.   So today what I wanted to do was actually talk about some of the  civil rights organizations that changed this country, made it better,  made it possible for me to be here, and compare and talk about some of  the movements that we see today that are making some of the same  differences for the next generation. It is just a shame that in 2017 we  are still fighting the same fights we fought 50 years ago for voting  rights, for equality, and all of those things.   So when I say I want to talk about some of those organizations, I  want to talk about organizations like SCLC, the Southern Christian  Leadership Conference; or CORE, the Congress of Racial Equality; or  SNCC, the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee. They all played  an important role in launching grassroots movements that succeeded in  ensuring more equality for African Americans.   Sit-ins, bus boycotts, marches, voter registration drives, and other  protests--these grassroots movements spread across the South, including  my home State of Louisiana.   Let's just talk about one specific incident. September 9, 1960, the  Woolworth store lunch counter in New Orleans closed early.   What was the reason?   Seven members of the Congress of Racial Equality, five Black students  and two White students, decided to hold a sit-in demonstration to  protest Jim Crow. This was the first-ever sit-in in the city.   The seven students were like so many other students across the South  at the time who were using nonviolent action to change the country. In  fact, let me read their names because many of them I knew.   In fact, one, Jerome Smith, who was a Southern University student the  year before, is actually still on the battlefield in Louisiana not only  coaching Little League, but fighting for criminal justice reform and  financial and economic equality.   You also had Rudy Lombard from Xavier University, a freedom fighter;  Archie Allen from Dillard University; Bill Harrell from Tulane; William  Harper, who was at LSU; Hugh Murray, who was also at Tulane; and Joyce  Taylor, who intended to enroll at Southern University.   Fortunately, unlike others who held sit-ins, these seven Southern  students didn't have milkshakes thrown on them. They were not beaten or  bloodied. The seven students sat down at 10:30. Six police officers  were on hand to keep the peace and did not try to remove the students.  The students sat there determined for 2 hours.   Because of the demonstration, Woolworth blinked first. They decided  to close early that day and they closed at 12:30, after the students  had sat there for 2 hours.   These seven students and so many other civil rights activists are the  shoulders on which we all stand. Unfortunately, the fight for equality  is not over. We see this most clearly when we look at our criminal  justice system. To date, the organization Black Lives Matter has  launched a grassroots movement that has succeeded in exposing police  brutality and making it front-page news.   The movement began in 2012, after the death of Trayvon Martin, who  was killed by a neighborhood watchman on February 26, 2012. I would be  remiss if I did not mention that yesterday was the fifth anniversary of  Trayvon Martin's death.   Black Lives Matter is focused on all of the ways Black people are  disempowered by the State, including police brutality. In addition to  exposing police brutality and making it front-page news, Black Lives  Matter, like the organizations during the civil rights movement, has  attracted a diverse coalition of supporters.   The reality is not lost on African Americans. As I mentioned before,  two of the protesters who sat in at the Woolworth store in Louisiana  were White. If you go back to Philadelphia, Mississippi, where they  found the three bodies of the civil rights workers who were registering  people to vote, you saw Goodman, Chaney and Schwerner--one African  American and two White Americans--who stuck together fighting in  justice.    Dr. King said so eloquently: ``Injustice anywhere is a threat to  justice everywhere.''   So as we talk about our organizations like SNCC, CORE, and SCLC, and  we talk about Black Lives Matter, it reminds me of the time when Dr.  King was sitting in the Birmingham jail, and seven--eight White  religious leaders in the South criticized Dr. King, asking: Why he  couldn't wait. Why did he have to force the issue? And why, as an  outsider, he was down in Birmingham?   Dr. King responded and initially said: ``I don't usually answer  criticism because I would be doing it all day, but because I believe  you to be eight men of goodwill, I will take the time to answer.''   I just want to read you an excerpt of his answer because I think it  is so appropriate when we think of our groups that are coming up now.   He said: ``I think I should give the reason for my being in  Birmingham, since you have been influenced by the argument of  `outsiders coming in.' I have the honor of serving as president of the  Southern Christian Leadership Conference, an organization operating in  every Southern state, with headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia.''   It then goes on to say: ``So I am here, along with several members of  my staff, because we were invited here. I am here because I have basic  organizational ties here.''   Then he goes on to say: ``Beyond this, I am in Birmingham because  injustice is here. Just as the eighth-century prophets left their  little villages and carried their `thus saith the Lord' far beyond the  boundaries of their hometowns; and just as the Apostle Paul left his  little village of Tarsus and carried the gospel of Jesus Christ to  practically every hamlet and city of the Greco-Roman world, I too am  compelled to carry the gospel of freedom beyond my particular hometown.  Like Paul, I must constantly respond to the Macedonian call for aid.''   So when you think of Black Lives Matter and other protests, the first  comment is: We are outside agitators; why are they here?   They are here because injustice is here. So all marginalized groups  must stand together in the fight against injustice. This was important  during the civil rights movement and it is important now.   In that spirit, African Americans fully recognize the importance of  not only joining movements in support of their rights, but also joining  movements in support of the rights of others.   Standing Rock: Most recently, African Americans and others have stood  with Native Americans at Standing Rock to protest the Dakota Access  pipeline.   The Muslim ban: We have stood with the Muslim community to protest  the Trump administration's controversial Muslim ban.   Then there was the Women's March, which was led by a diverse  coalition of organizers and attracted millions of protesters across the  Nation and the world to protest sexism and other gender issues. African  Americans participated in the march, including several members of the  Congressional Black Caucus.   Then we can talk about indivisible. African Americans and others have  stood with their fellow constituents at recent townhalls to make sure  that their Congressman or Congresswoman hears their voices on the  Affordable Care Act and other issues. Some of  [[Page H1346]]  these exercises in civic participation have been inspired by the  guidebook ``Indivisible,'' which, as the authors state, provides best  practices on getting elected officials to listen.   Then there is Moral Mondays with Reverend William Barber. It began in  2013 after the Republicans took over the Governor's mansion and State  legislature in the Tar Heel State for the first time in more than a  century. On what was supposed to be the first and only Monday protest,  Barber led a small group of clergy and activists to the State  legislature to protest the State Republicans' efforts to block Medicaid  expansion, cut unemployment benefits, and roll back voting rights. The  next Monday, hundreds of protesters showed up, and hundreds soon became  thousands. These protests became known as Moral Mondays, and they  eventually spread across the South.   So let me just say that from SCLC to SNCC, to CORE, to  ``Indivisible,'' to Moral Mondays and Reverend Barber, to Black Lives  Matter, people of like mind that fight for justice come together. And  that, we learned from the civil rights movement, and that is our  contribution to date to Black History Month and celebrating that civil  protests and civil disobedience can change and make this a more perfect  union.   