 Mr. President, I rise in strong opposition to the budget  resolution for fiscal year 2018.   Let me say that consideration of this budget resolution seems  surreal, not only because of the timing--coming, as it does, 3 weeks  into the fiscal year--but also because of the real challenges the  United States faces today.   We have important work to do. At this moment, three States and two  U.S. territories are struggling to recover after experiencing  significant natural disasters. The resources we are providing are  simply not sufficient.   In addition, sadly and tragically, Las Vegas just experienced the  worst mass shooting in American history, breaking the record that was  set only last year in the tragic mass shooting in Orlando, but there is  no serious bipartisan and comprehensive effort to address gun violence.   After President Trump's reckless efforts to sabotage the Affordable  Care Act, Congress needs to act to stabilize private insurance  exchanges. I think that we were all pleased, as I was, to see Senator  Alexander and Senator Murray take strong steps to do that over the last  few days. It appears, however, that they are once again being  undermined by the President.   Next week, the President is officially going to declare the opioid  crisis as a national emergency, which is what we all have recognized  over several years, but declarations mean nothing without there being  the resources to help. This is an emergency, and we need to provide  those resources now, but given this budget resolution before us, those  resources will not be available.   States are already taking steps to reduce healthcare coverage for  kids under the Children's Health Insurance Program and services through  community health centers because we have not been able to act in time  to reauthorize these critical initiatives.   We face international crises in Iran, Iraq, and North Korea, which  are inflamed, unfortunately, every time the President tweets or  comments about these issues.   Before December 8, the President and Congress need to come to an  agreement to provide relief from sequester funding caps for defense and  non-defense priorities.   The President and Congress need to act immediately to undo the crisis  that has been created by the President's Executive order on DACA, which  will put thousands of Dreamers at risk of deportation and have an  adverse impact on our economy.   This budget addresses none of these challenges. In fact, it so  weights tax cuts to the rich and deficits that we will not have the  resources with which to deal with any one of these issues. Instead, a  week after the President took steps that will cause millions to lose  their private health insurance, this budget will pave the way for  trillions of dollars in cuts to healthcare offered under Medicare and  Medicaid.   Last week, the President basically tried to strangle the Affordable  Care Act. Now the goal is to undo Medicare and Medicaid, and that is  astounding. The real goal behind that is not just to undo these  critical programs for every American; the real goal is to provide  trillions more in tax cuts that will overwhelmingly benefit the  wealthiest.   The majority will say that the budget only lays out a broad fiscal  plan and that none of the details have been set, but we have seen this  play before. It starts with tax cuts for all, but it will end with  nothing short of a historic transfer of wealth from low- and middle- income Americans to those who are  [[Page S6504]]  prospering the most in this country. It starts with the promise of a  balanced budget, but it will end with greater deficits. It will start  this time when, after a long and difficult recovery from the economic  crash of the Bush administration, the economy is finally moving forward  with stock market highs, low employment, and low interest rates.   Nothing about our current economic situation demands massive,  deficit-busting tax cuts, particularly to the wealthiest Americans.  Indeed, it is instructive to look back to the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax  cuts. These tax plans were also paid for with trillions of dollars of  debt because the Nation was newly at war. These plans also  overwhelmingly favored the top 1 percent of Americans. We were told  then that the tax benefits would trickle down to the working class and  pay for themselves. I opposed these tax plans because I didn't believe  that would occur, and, in fact, it didn't occur. Despite the  substantial benefits for those at the top, overall economic growth from  2001 to 2007 was weaker than average. Median household income fell 2.7  percent while prices and poverty continued to rise. With weak  regulation and oversight, this fiscal policy ushered us into the great  recession. Now the GOP is poised to do the same thing yet again.   Just for contrast, in the early 1990s, under President Clinton,  Democrats took tough votes to raise revenue and rein in spending.  Despite predictions to the contrary, the economy took off in one of the  biggest economic booms in history, and at the same time we turned  budget deficits into the first surplus in a generation.   There are lessons in that experience. There are no shortcuts to  restoring fiscal order. Tax cuts do not pay for themselves, and you  can't balance the budget while cutting revenue. So how does the  majority promise to turn straw into gold this time? By pairing $5.8  trillion in cuts from basic services, including Medicare and Medicaid,  with massive deficits and rosy revenue assumptions. With these in  place, the GOP says that it can balance the budget and cut taxes by  $1.5 trillion. Never mind the fact that the Republican tax cuts to the  wealthy will likely cost more than $1.5 trillion, and never mind that  this budget assumes absurd cuts to nondefense programs and leaves  spending for defense at sequester levels, which we all recognize are  inadequate. But even if the numbers are phony and built on loose,  unrealistic assumptions, won't most Americans be getting a substantial  tax windfall under this plan? Sadly, no.   According to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center's analysis of the  available information on the GOP tax plan, about 80 percent of the tax  cuts will go to the top 1 percent, increasing their after-tax income by  about 9 percent. Nearly half of that money will go to the top one-tenth  of 1 percent. Meanwhile, the bottom 80 percent of American wage earners  will get only 13 percent of the tax cuts, and many hard-working  families with children could actually see their taxes go up.   Based on the Tax Policy Center's analysis, most Rhode Islanders who  get a tax cut will receive only $190 or less out of this deal. That is  less than the cost of a week's worth of groceries for a family of four.  Yet most Rhode Islanders and most Americans stand to lose much, much  more due to the inevitable cuts in investments like Medicaid, Pell  grants, Title I, health research, and public infrastructure. Most  middle-class families in my State depend on programs like these. To  send their children to school, they need Pell grants; to make sure that  their elderly mother or father is well cared for, they need the  assistance of Medicaid for nursing homes. So that $190 tax cut will be  nothing compared to the losses they will incur in the cost of college  for their children, the cost of healthcare for their parents who are  just struggling to get by.   On the other hand, people on the top end of the bracket will get a  tax cut large enough to buy a new Mercedes. If the recent past is any  indication, they will pocket that money, invest it, or send it  overseas. That money doesn't trickle down, and working Americans at the  losing end of the tax bill will not see it in their paychecks.   The American people deserve a better deal than this budget resolution  offers. I know President Trump and the leadership on the other side of  the aisle are desperate for a legislative win. They have spent an  entire year trying to ram through the partisan TrumpCare healthcare  bill that would upend our entire healthcare system, kick over 30  million Americans off of their insurance, and make massive cuts to  Medicaid, harming our most vulnerable citizens, including seniors,  children, and people with disabilities. The process, the tactics, and  the product alienated even Members of their own party and Americans  across the political spectrum.   After having failed with TrumpCare and with all of the other  challenges we face, the majority leadership has set in this budget  blueprint a deadline of November 13 for committees to produce tax cut  legislation. All the other business we need to do must wait until we  cut taxes for the wealthy.   I know there is room for compromise and that there are Members of  good will on both sides who are actively working to address many of the  real challenges I mentioned earlier, but tax cuts for the rich  shouldn't be on our to-do list, let alone at the top of the list, as it  is today.   One of the things we should be standing up for is our men and women  in uniform by providing the revenue we need to support them. But when  it comes to providing that revenue, this resolution takes a knee and  gives revenue away to millionaires and billionaires.   This is a truly rigged process. Its only purpose is to fast-track tax  cuts for the rich and cut funding to healthcare and other key  initiatives that most Americans count on. For that reason, I will  oppose this budget resolution, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   With that, I yield the floor.   