 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the great work of the  chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, my good friend from Texas  (Mr. Brady) for his good work to overhaul America's Tax Code to deliver  historic tax relief for workers, families, and job creators.   I resent the rhetoric from some of my friends on the other side of  the aisle who talk about this as hurting disabled families. I am the  brother of a disabled sister, and I am voting for this bill because it  helps families with loved ones with disabilities, like expanding the  ABLE Act.   I thank Chairman Brady for working with me and others to address a  provision in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which would negatively impact  work-study colleges, such as Berea College in my district.   The gentleman has fulfilled his commitment to me to fix this problem  in the conference committee for work-study colleges and other small  schools so that their endowments would be exempt from the excise tax on  large college endowments.   Regrettably, last night, Senate Democrats used procedural rules to  insist that this exemption be stripped out of the final conference  report. It is unfortunate that they put partisan politics ahead of  ensuring that students--many of whom are low-income and  [[Page H10311]]  first-generation college students--at work-study colleges would  continue to be able to receive a tuition-free education.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, these are first-generation college students  who receive a tuition-free education.   I know that Chairman Brady shares my commitment and that of Chairman  Rogers, Senator McConnell, and others to make sure that Berea College  and other work-study colleges continue their important mission.   Accordingly, I ask the gentleman's commitment to work with me to  permanently exempt work-study colleges from the excise tax on endowment  income in a timely manner, in the tax extenders, or another appropriate  legislative vehicle as soon as possible.   