 Mr. Chair, I appreciate the opportunity to engage in a  colloquy with you on an important issue related to the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau.   This Congress should act swiftly and establish a five-member,  bipartisan commission at the CFPB. A commission structure will bring  much needed certainty and stability to consumers and small businesses  who are the most deeply impacted by regulation that reduces access to  banking products and drives up costs.   According to FDIC data, financial institutions of all sizes provide  more than $4 trillion in consumer loans to help America's consumers  achieve their dreams of purchasing a car, buying their first home, or  even providing an education for their children. Financial institutions  also provide more than $600 billion in small business loans to help  entrepreneurs start or grow their businesses and create jobs. The  ability of banks and credit unions to continue to serve their  communities by providing access to credit is critical to making these  dreams a reality. Therefore, it is important that the agencies that  regulate our nation's depository institutions are stable, transparent,  and provide long term certainty.   A five-member, bipartisan commission at the CFPB will help achieve  just that. Right now, a sole director at the CFPB over politicizes what  should be an impartial regulatory body. With every new Director there  could be a dramatic regulatory whipsaw effect. This volatility will  leave financial institutions limited in their ability to properly serve  customers because of an inability to plan for the long-term.   Protecting consumers and increasing access to well-regulated  financial products should be a top priority of the CFPB. A bipartisan  board will ensure consumers best interests are always first by  increasing transparency and stability in the rulemaking process and  allowing for more robust debate with many different viewpoints  considered.   On multiple occasions, the House of Representatives has passed  legislation to create a bipartisan commission, and most importantly,  the American people have made clear that they believe a bipartisan  commission is a better form of leadership at the CFPB. In fact, a  recent Morning Consult poll showed that registered voters support a  bipartisan commission at the CFPB by a 3 to 1 margin, and that just 14  percent of voters believe the CFPB structure should be left the way it  is now.   Congress must implement structural changes at the CFPB. The future of  consumer and small business lending is too vital to have uncertainty at  the Bureau.   Mr. Chairman, do you agree that the regulatory agencies that oversee  banks and credit unions should take into account the impact to all  stakeholders and bring certainty to the regulatory framework?   Will you commit to working with me to depoliticize the CFPB once and  for all, and bring a stable form of leadership to the Bureau that is in  keeping with most other financial service regulators?   