 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Hensarling for  his continued work on this, and I also want to thank my colleague and  friend from Missouri, Blaine Luetkemeyer, for his important work on  this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a cosponsor on this legislation because  it is an important bill for regional banks in Illinois, but also around  the country.   The Financial Services Committee has spent a significant amount of  time debating which banks should qualify as so-called community banks  and regional banks when determining how to legislate regulatory relief.   I have to agree that, as a bank starts getting larger, it starts  looking less and less like a community bank. But both Republicans and  Democrats have agreed that asset size should not be the sole  characteristic for determining a bank's riskiness to the financial  system.   There are a number of banks that have successfully made use of the  traditional community bank business  [[Page H10224]]  model of deposit taking and lending that have grown in size. Some have  grown substantially, and now they are able to serve more than one  community.   Congress should not punish these financial institutions with an asset  threshold that even Congressman Barney Frank described as arbitrary.  Our policies should encourage low-risk relationship lending so  communities can benefit from institutions of different sizes. At a  minimum, we should provide the banking regulators some flexibility to  determine which institutions with assets over $50 billion pose higher  risk to the financial system.   In addition to the outstanding community banks in my district, my  constituents also look to regional banks like BMO and Discover when  they are trying to find best rates on mortgages, car loans, credit  cards, or their student loans.   Discover Financial Services, which has its headquarters just outside  my district in Riverwoods, Illinois, has a simple business model that  includes credit cards, student loans, home equity lending, and a number  of deposit products that you would expect from a Main Street financial  institution. This is the only business Discover is in. Nothing they do  is comparable to what you might see in one of the big money center  banks.   So why did Congress mandate that this bank be automatically  designated as systemically important? The current law is arbitrary and  subjects banks to the same standards as trillion-dollar global  systemically important institutions.   Automatically designating these institutions as systemically  important unnecessarily increases the cost of lending and makes it more  difficult for my constituents to achieve their financial goals.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the Systemic Risk  Designation Improvement Act of 2017.   