 Mr. President, I rise today to speak on the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act and the significance of this historic legislation to all  Americans.   It has been more than 31 years since comprehensive tax reform was  passed by Congress and signed into law by President Reagan, and it has  been nearly two decades since the United States has experienced a  period of sustained economic growth of 3 percent or more.   Similar to the Tax Code prior to the last major overhaul, today's Tax  Code is overly complex and burdensome on American families and  businesses. The current code is riddled with nearly 200 tax deductions,  credits, exclusions, and tax breaks that ``cost'' the government nearly  $1.5 trillion in lost revenue each year. These costs unnecessarily  burden hard-working Americans, who spend more than 6 billion hours each  year to understand their tax liability and comply with filing  requirements.   The Finance Committee began to lay the groundwork for tax reform  years ago, during which time the committee held over 70 hearings on how  to reform the Tax Code and promote economic growth. In the 113th  Congress, the committee also formed five bipartisan  [[Page S8109]]  working groups to examine options for reform. This years-long process  has enabled us to produce the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am confident  this legislation, based on ideas from both parties, will benefit all  Americans by ensuring our Nation remains competitive in the global  economy.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will make American businesses competitive  again by permanently lowering the corporate rate to roughly the average  rate that our competitors have already adopted. This legislation will  also end the lock-out affect many American businesses face today by  adopting a territorial system. This will encourage American companies  to invest their profits here at home and hire more people.   On the individual side, this legislation will lower individual income  tax rates for all Americans and greatly simplify the code by roughly  doubling the standard deduction. According to the Joint Committee on  Taxation, this will result in fewer than 10 percent of Americans  itemizing deductions, meaning the vast majority of Americans will  benefit from tax simplification.   I am especially pleased the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act preserves the child  and dependent care tax credit and dependent care flexible spending  accounts, enhances the ABLE Act, and sharply reduces the number of  Americans who are subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax, a parallel  tax system that adds layers of complexity.   This is historic legislation that hard-working Americans across the  country have long deserved, and I look forward to passing this  legislation tonight to ensure all Americans have more economic  opportunity and prosperity for years to come.   