 Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member, Mr. Walz, for  yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2288 the Veterans  Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017.   Over the past 5 years, the number of pending appeals at the VA has  skyrocketed by 40 percent and now sits at nearly half a million cases.  The average processing time for an appeal is 3 years. Republicans and  Democrats agree, the VA agrees, veterans service organizations agree,  and, most importantly, veterans agree that we need to fix this broken  process.   I am pleased that my colleagues on the committee have come together  to develop a bipartisan solution that reduces the overly complicated  appeals process, shortens the time a veteran will wait for a decision,  and preserves a veteran's full length of benefits if their appeal is  decided favorably.   This legislation has taken a lot of time and effort. I applaud my  colleagues Ms. Titus and Mr. Miller for laying the groundwork in the  last Congress, and Ms. Esty and Mr. Bost for carrying this legislation  into the 115th Congress.   I am very, very proud of all the work done by the committee staff to  bring this together, and I am grateful to the dedicated VSOs and the VA  for their input. This is a great example of how we can put aside our  partisan differences and make our veterans' lives better.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and urge all of my colleagues to  vote for it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my colleague from New  Hampshire (Ms. Kuster) and her bill to improve information sharing  between providers to ensure that they are able to follow safe  prescribing practices.   The VA Prescription Data Accountability Act helps to close a loophole  in statute that limits the data that the VA can share with Prescription  Drug Monitoring Programs, or PDMPs. These databases track the  prescribing and dispensing of controlled substances to help find  suspected fraud and intervene with patients who are at high risk for  prescription drug abuse. These databases are only as useful as the  information they collect.   Since 2011, the VA has been able to share prescription data with  PDMPs, but only for the veteran patients it sees. Statutory and  technical challenges have prevented the Department from sharing data  from nonveteran patients with PDMPs. Approximately 10 percent of the  VA's patients are nonveterans. We are talking about 700,000 patients  each year.   Now, Ms. Kuster's bill expands the authority of the VA to share all  patient data with PDMPs. This will allow us to better monitor the use  of prescription drugs and help combat a growing opioid epidemic.   On average, 650,000 opioid prescriptions are dispensed daily in the  United States, and 78 people die from opioid-related overdoses.  Properly tracking prescription drugs is one of the first steps to turn  the tide on this epidemic.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   