 Mr. President, I am pleased to follow the distinguished  Senator from South Carolina and appreciate very much his remarks and  how he does such a good job of really explaining why this tax relief is  so very important.   I rise today to talk about the need for tax relief and how our Tax  Code is now both outdated, very complex, and again, as my esteemed  colleague from South Carolina said, it is past time to provide tax  relief for our Nation's families, farmers, ranchers, and small  businesses. That is what passing this legislation is all about-- providing much needed tax relief for our hard-working citizens. As I  said, it is past time to modernize our outdated American Tax Code and  bring it into the 21st century. We need to do so to ensure that  American businesses can compete on the global stage; it is a global  economy, and we must compete. And it is very much focused on our  efforts to bring tax relief to middle-class families, who have been  struggling to get ahead and stay ahead over the last decade.    As I said, the Senate this week is taking the first step--a very  important step--toward enacting pro-growth tax reform by passing a  budget resolution that provides the path toward improving our economic  growth and putting more money back into the pockets of hard-working  American people. Voting for this budget will enable us to move forward  to enact that tax relief, again, not only for our families, but for  farmers, ranchers, and small businesses across this country. Small  business is the absolute backbone of our economy, and that is where the  vast majority of jobs are created.   It is very important to understand and realize that this is not just  about tax relief--making sure that, after taxes, hard-working Americans  keep more of their money in their pocket, again, as so eloquently  detailed by the Senator from South Carolina--but it is also about  growing our economy. This is also pro-growth. This is about stimulating  economic growth, meaning more jobs and, as the businesses that create  those jobs invest the capital, create those jobs as they compete for  labor, that also moves wages and income higher. So think about it. For  that hard-working American, it is not only about reducing his or her  tax burden, it is about increasing their wages and income. That is the  rising tide that lifts all boats, so it is both. It is both about  improving wages and income, as well as reducing the tax burden.   The recently released tax blueprint proposes sweeping tax reform, tax  relief that will benefit working families and small businesses across  the country while promoting job creation, economic growth, and global  competitiveness.   This country was built on hard work by individuals and families who  strive each and every day to make ends meet, provide for their loved  ones, and plan for retirement, but this past decade has seen too many  families struggling to get by. The current Tax Code is complex; it is  riddled with loopholes. That not only does nothing to help our hard- working families keep more of their money, it makes it very difficult  to even fill out their tax returns.   Tax relief will help individuals and families in my State of North  Dakota  [[Page S6517]]  and across the country to get ahead by generating new jobs through  economic growth, as I said, while also lowering their overall tax  burden so that they keep more of their paycheck. For example, by  doubling the standard deduction, we will eliminate taxes on the first  $12,000 earned by an individual and $24,000 earned by a married couple,  effectively establishing a 0-percent tax rate up to $24,000. This means  that the nearly 81 percent of North Dakotans who claim the standard  deduction--again, my State--will see a significant increase in their  take-home pay, and that is true across the country.   Our tax framework aims to generate greater opportunities for small  business owners and farmers, helping them to become more competitive.  Remember, we all compete in a global economy now, so how do we help our  farmers, our ranchers, our small businesses become more competitive?   Small business represents nearly 96 percent of all employers in my  State, and while we have fostered a business-friendly environment in  North Dakota, the Federal Tax Code continues to place undue burdens on  our small businesses that operate across North Dakota and across the  other 49 States. That includes our farmers and ranchers, who can pay a  marginal tax rate as high as almost 45 percent, which is nearly twice  the rate of the rest of the industrialized world.   The tax framework follows an example that we have set, and the tax  framework that we have proposed will restore economic opportunity and,  as I said, enact a pro-growth tax code for our country.   Last week, I hosted tax reform sessions and roundtables across North  Dakota to hear directly from our small businesses and also from ag  leaders, our farm leaders, on their priorities. I want to talk about  some of those priorities in agriculture for just a minute. Agriculture  is No. 1 in North Dakota. We are a huge energy State, as well, but  agriculture is and always will be No. 1 in our State. So when we talk  about tax relief, we need to talk about tax relief for our farmers and  our ranchers.   The right tax reform will help our farmers continue to provide the  highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world, which benefits  every single American every single day. So that includes reducing the  tax burden on these hard-working farmers and across the board for small  businesses which, as I said, are the job creators in our economy, in  our country. The biggest way we do that is to drop that rate for small  business to 25 percent. That is a huge step forward. It not only makes  our farms, ranches, and small businesses across the country more  competitive, but it generates the economic growth that is so important  for job creation and higher wages.   Another important issue is, in this framework, we eliminate the death  tax or the estate tax. The death tax can result in double and sometimes  triple taxation of income. For example, an individual's wages are taxed  when they are earned, and interest, dividends, and capital gains from  saved wages are taxed again. The death tax hits those earnings again  when an individual dies.   The average farmer today is 60 years old. The average farmer is 60  years old, and we continually see fewer and fewer young people able to  get into the business of farming. With a tax code that disincentivizes  passing down the family farm to the next generation, how do we expect  to feed our Nation and, in fact, the world, which is exactly what we  do?   The estate tax also stifles economic growth and reduces our Nation's  competitiveness. A study by the Joint Economic Committee in 2012 found  that the death tax had destroyed $1.1 trillion in capital stock in the  economy, and, of course, less capital investment means fewer jobs.  Eliminating the death tax will encourage individuals to save, grow our  economy, and, according to the Tax Foundation, will increase the  capital investment reinvested back into our economy.   Additionally many of our producers, our farmers, and other small  businesses do not have access to the equity they need to operate, so  they rely heavily on debt financing to fund their businesses, and that  is particularly true for new and beginning enterprises. Our Tax Code  should incentivize our Nation's entrepreneurs to start their business  or farm operation and allow them to grow and prosper. That is why it is  a priority--certainly one of my priorities--that as we do tax reform,  we maintain the ability of these businesses to deduct from their taxes  the interest they pay on their debt in order to maintain a level  playing field for small business.   Think about a family farmer out there. When family farmers need  capital, it is very hard for them to go out and get equity. So they  have to borrow that money in order to buy equipment and invest in their  enterprises, and that is why the interest deduction for farmers is so  very, very important. They don't have access to that equity capital;  they have to borrow their money, which is a huge cost to their  operation, and that is why the interest deduction for our farmers and  for our ranchers is so very important.   Also, expensing is important for farmers and ranchers, and this is  important for all small businesses. Being able to expense what they  invest in their business makes a huge difference. Equipment, business  supplies, and other capital expenditures can be very costly. For  example, a new combine nowadays probably costs about one-half million  dollars. For farmers to come up with one-half million dollars to buy a  combine, which they obviously need, is hard to do unless they are able  to expense that investment and deduct the interest on the debt that  goes with it.   The tax framework we have proposed would allow businesses to  immediately write off or expense the cost of new investment and  business assets, effectively reinvesting in our Nation's businesses and  helping to drive economic growth. It will allow businesses to increase  investment and, again, increase job creation and wages. I would propose  that we have full expensing for the first 5 years--that is great--but  we should also on a long-term basis keep the section 179 expensing  provision, which we have worked very hard to make permanent and which  should be retained in this new Tax Code for the long-term, as we get  beyond the first 5 years, as part of tax reform and tax relief that  really works for our ag sector.   So these are some of the priorities we will be working on to include  in our tax relief package to ensure that our farmers, our ranchers, and  our ag industry continue to remain strong and really the leaders  worldwide when it comes to, as I said, not only producing the highest  quality but the lowest cost food supply in the world, which benefits  every American every single day.   Tax reform is about getting the American economy going and growing,  it is about creating jobs, and it is about creating jobs here at home,  not overseas. It is about bringing that capital that is stranded  overseas and repatriating it back to America and creating jobs in this  country.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to work together. We  need to pass this budget, and we need to pass tax reform for the hard- working people of North Dakota and for hard-working Americans across  this great country.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from West Virginia.   