 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise during Police Week to pay tribute  to our police officers around the country--the men and women in blue  who serve us every day in Ohio and in every State represented in this  Chamber.   In Ohio, this is a particularly difficult week. Here we are during  Police Week, and we are, once again, mourning the loss of a police  officer. This happened just last Friday. Last Friday, a gunman took two  people hostage in the woods behind a nursing home in Kirkersville, OH,  which is a small town about 25 miles east of Columbus.   The first one to arrive on the scene was the police chief of this  small town. His name was Steven DiSario. Chief Steven DiSario  confronted the assailant, and he was ambushed by this assailant. He was  shot. He was killed. This gunman then went inside the nursing facility,  and he murdered two staff members--a registered nurse, Marlina Medrano,  and a nurse's aide named Cindy Krantz. Then he took his own life.   By the way, Police Chief Steven DiSario was 36 years old and had just  become the police chief in Kirkersville a month ago. The women who were  slain were Marlina Medrano, who had a son, and Cindy Krantz, who had  five kids, including a 10-year-old son. Those kids had to spend  Mother's Day preparing for their moms' burials.   On Monday, I went to Kirkersville and saw the memorial there for the  officer. I also had an opportunity to meet with some of the officers  who were from neighboring communities. There was just one police  officer in Kirkersville--just the chief. I was able to express to them  the sympathy and the gratitude of the people throughout Ohio. I had  brought a flag that had been flown over the U.S. Capitol in honor of  Chief DiSario, and that flag will go to his family as a very small  token of the appreciation and gratitude of all of us for their father's  and husband's service.   Chief DiSario had six kids, and his widow, Aryn, is currently  pregnant with their seventh child--a child who is never going to know  his or her dad. What he or she will know is that he died a hero, that  he died a hero in risking his life to protect innocent people.   That is what police officers do every single day. They keep us safe.  They take dangerous criminals and weapons and drugs off our streets.  They enforce the law. Even their very presence helps to deter crime and  keep our communities safer, but they do it all at great risk--at great  risk to themselves and at great sacrifice to their families.   A little more than a year ago, I did a ride-along in Columbus with  Officer Greg Meyer. He is one of those brave Columbus police officers  who goes out every day to help keep our communities safe, and we were  focused on a couple of issues that night in Columbus.   One was the drug trade, particularly the opioid crisis we face in  Ohio. He was able to show me where much of this activity occurs, and we  were able to see with our eyes some of the people who were trafficking  drugs, dispersing, and what goes on in our communities.   We were also talking about human trafficking and his work in that  area. We were able to go to some particular places at which there had  been trafficking in the past and where the police had broken up  trafficking rings in which girls and women had been made to become  dependent on heroin. Then the traffickers had them, often in a hotel  for a week until they had moved on to another one and trafficked-- sold--human beings, usually online, usually through the iPhone. Again,  this police officer was able to tell me about what he has done and what  his force has done to help protect these girls and women and to help  get them out of that situation.   This was just a few hours for me, and I always enjoy doing these  ride-alongs, but this is his life and their lives every day. They are  out there doing their best to try to protect us and to make our  communities safer.   The day before this tragedy occurred in Kirkersville, we had had a  lot of police officers here in town because, on Thursday and Friday and  over the weekend, police officers had been coming in for Police Week  and Police Memorial Day, which was on Monday, so I had a chance to meet  with a bunch of these officers and thank them for their service.   We talked about the fact that the job is dangerous and increasingly  dangerous. Unfortunately, the numbers show that. Little did we know  that, the day after we had been talking, there would have again been  this tragedy in Ohio. We talked about the fact that some of their  families have had sleepless nights because they do not know whether  their husbands or their wives or their sons or daughters are going to  be coming home.   In our Nation's history, more than 21,000 police officers have died  in the line of duty. Think about that--21,000. We have already had 42  this year, 2017. In 2016, we lost 143, which is about one officer every  3 days. Again, last year, five of those fallen officers were from Ohio:  Aaron Christian, a patrolman with the Chesapeake Police Department;  Thomas Cottrell, a patrolman  [[Page S2995]]  with the Danville Police Department; Sean Johnson, of the Hilliard, OH,  Division of Police; Steven Smith, of the Columbus Division of Police;  and Kenneth Velez, an Ohio State trooper.   I had the opportunity to meet with some of the families of these  fallen officers to express our appreciation, to express our respect for  them and the sacrifices that they bear. It takes courage to wear the  badge, and those officers wear the badge day in and day out. They knew  what they were getting into. Yet they wore that badge; they died  wearing that badge.   Although these heroic men were taken from us, their examples can  never be taken away and will not be. Ohioans are going to remember them  as models of bravery and service, as examples of fellow citizens who,  on behalf of all of us, were in the habit of walking into danger rather  than running away from it.   We have an opportunity to do something that will make a difference  for our police officers by supporting the Police Week resolution that  the House and the Senate are working on. I urge all of my colleagues to  support it, and I am sure they will. I think we need to show our men  and women in blue, who are on the frontlines, that we do appreciate  them.   There is also legislation that can be supported. Most recently, with  the majority whip, I introduced legislation that is called the Back the  Blue Act. It is very simple. It says, if you target law enforcement  officers, you are going to have to pay a very high price. That is  appropriate. We think the Back the Blue Act, which would increase  penalties on those who would attempt to harm or kill a police officer,  is going to make a difference because it will send a strong message and  help deter some of these crimes. Ultimately, I think that it will make  our heroes in blue safer and help save lives.   Again, I urge my colleagues to join me in the wake of this terrible  tragedy we had in central Ohio. I know the people of Ohio are looking  for Congress to stand tall and to stand with our police officers and to  thank them for what they do to protect us every day.   Let's support this Police Week resolution. Let's support the Back the  Blue Act. Let's do everything we can to ensure that our police officers  know that we are with them--that we are at their side--as they do their  job every day to protect us.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   