 Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment and thank Ms. Castor  and Mr. Ross for their hard work on this legislation.   There are some here in this body who have said: if we let free  markets into the National Flood Insurance Program that is run by the  Federal Government, you are going to undermine the premiums that come  into the national flood insurance pool.   It is $25 billion in debt and is structured in a way where premiums  can't rise. This doesn't undermine the program.   What we are doing is saying: Listen, if you are in the National Flood  Insurance Program right now, the way it is structured, there is only  one place you can buy insurance. But this is a provision that will open  up the market and let private companies come in and offer families  better policies at better prices. If they don't, you can stay in the  NFIP. You don't have to go private. You can stay government. But you  give people a choice.   It is like saying: Listen, you have to keep the United States Postal  Service as your one carrier. You can't have FedEx or UPS. You don't get  those choices.   People want a choice. In Houston, instead of having only 20 percent  of the people who had coverage, you might have had 40, 50, or 60  percent of the people who would have had coverage. More people would  have had protection.   I have got to tell you, I am disappointed in the partisanship.   I am going to quote a person I rarely quote, but a person I truly  like. She once said in the process of this bill: ``This is an example  of real compromise.''   Then, on the substance of the bill, this fine woman from California  said: ``We can have the opportunity for our constituents to have some  choice. I think that is real compromise, that is substantive  compromise, that is meaningful compromise, and that is the kind of  compromise that reasonable people can engage in.''   Mr. Speaker, that was the gentlewoman from California, who is now in  opposition to this bill.   When this came up by itself--the same bill--last Congress, everyone  voted for it. When it came up in committee, everyone voted for it.  Democrats and Republicans voted for this bill because they knew that it  was going to offer more choice and better prices to American families.  That is why it was bipartisan.   I think this is a moment where our Congress can stand together on  behalf of the American people who don't have flood insurance, who don't  have a reasonably priced policy. Let's stand with them today and pass  the Ross-Castor bill. By the way, Ross and Castor are both from  Florida. Two Florida Members, Republican and Democrat, came together.   Let's get it done, Mr. Speaker.   