 Mr. President, I thank my colleague, who is an excellent  person to work with. We enjoy each other and enjoy working together. We  are getting a lot done, and I appreciate his kind remarks here today.   I rise today in support of the nomination of Robert Lighthizer to be  the next United States Trade Representative. Mr. Lighthizer was  reported out of the Finance Committee unanimously--Democrats and  Republicans--and I hope he receives a similarly strong bipartisan vote  here on the floor.   By statute, Congress has designated the USTR as the primary official  for developing and coordinating U.S. trade policy, advising the  President on trade, and leading international trade negotiations. The  USTR must also report directly to and consult closely with Congress on  a wide range of issues affecting international commerce. The USTR is  Congress's first and most important point of contact when it comes to  trade policy. Therefore, in order for Congress to have an effective  voice in shaping our Nation's trade agenda, we need to have a fully  staffed and functional USTR office.   For that reason, I have been very critical of the pointless and  unprecedented delays we have faced in filling this vacancy, in filling  this position, due to some unreasonable demands from some of my friends  on the other side of the aisle. This delay has served only to weaken  Congress's position in trade policy and has hampered our ability to  provide the new administration with substantive input. Despite this  ill-advised delay, I am pleased that Mr. Lighthizer's nomination has  finally been brought to the floor, and I thank my colleagues for that.   Mr. Lighthizer's years of experience in public service, including as  staff director for the Senate Finance Committee, as Deputy USTR during  the Reagan administration, and in private practice, make him extremely  well qualified to serve as our Nation's representative. Mr.  Lighthizer's knowledge and experience will be vital to his service in  this position and vital to our country.   Put simply, growing our economy and creating better paying jobs for  American workers require increased U.S. trade. Toward that end, I have  spoken to Mr. Lighthizer about the importance of removing trade  barriers for American businesses, workers, consumers, and, where those  barriers have already been removed, maintaining the status quo.   I know there is quite a bit of discussion going around about  potential changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement. As I told  Mr. Lighthizer, there are definitely opportunities to update and  improve NAFTA, but it is important that the administration follow the  spirit of the Hippocratic Oath: First do no harm.   Mr. Lighthizer and I have also discussed the importance of protecting  U.S. intellectual property rights around the globe through strong  enforcement and better rules in trade agreements. I believe he  recognizes the importance of this priority, and I will work to ensure  that this issue plays a prominent role in our future trade  negotiations.   I have also made clear to Mr. Lighthizer that I believe consultation  on trade policy between Congress and the administration is essential,  particularly if our agreements are going to adhere to the standards  Congress put forward in the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities  and Accountability Act of 2015, the statute that included the most  recent reauthorization of trade promotion authority.   On this key point, I believe Mr. Lighthizer and I are in agreement.  As U.S. Trade Representative, Mr. Lighthizer will have the task of  holding our trading partners accountable, ensuring that Americans don't  pay more for the products their families need and helping American  businesses and workers sell more of their goods and services around the  globe.   This is not an easy job, but I am confident that Mr. Lighthizer is up  to the task. As chairman of the Senate committee with jurisdiction over  our Nation's trade policy, I am committed to working with him to ensure  that we advance a trade agenda that will grow our economy, create more  jobs, and expand market access around the globe for America's farmers,  ranchers, and manufacturers.   Mr. President, I suggest we vote on Mr. Lighthizer.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. All postcloture time has expired.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Lighthizer  nomination?    Mr. President, I thank my colleague, who is an excellent  person to work with. We enjoy each other and enjoy working together. We  are getting a lot done, and I appreciate his kind remarks here today.   I rise today in support of the nomination of Robert Lighthizer to be  the next United States Trade Representative. Mr. Lighthizer was  reported out of the Finance Committee unanimously--Democrats and  Republicans--and I hope he receives a similarly strong bipartisan vote  here on the floor.   By statute, Congress has designated the USTR as the primary official  for developing and coordinating U.S. trade policy, advising the  President on trade, and leading international trade negotiations. The  USTR must also report directly to and consult closely with Congress on  a wide range of issues affecting international commerce. The USTR is  Congress's first and most important point of contact when it comes to  trade policy. Therefore, in order for Congress to have an effective  voice in shaping our Nation's trade agenda, we need to have a fully  staffed and functional USTR office.   For that reason, I have been very critical of the pointless and  unprecedented delays we have faced in filling this vacancy, in filling  this position, due to some unreasonable demands from some of my friends  on the other side of the aisle. This delay has served only to weaken  Congress's position in trade policy and has hampered our ability to  provide the new administration with substantive input. Despite this  ill-advised delay, I am pleased that Mr. Lighthizer's nomination has  finally been brought to the floor, and I thank my colleagues for that.   Mr. Lighthizer's years of experience in public service, including as  staff director for the Senate Finance Committee, as Deputy USTR during  the Reagan administration, and in private practice, make him extremely  well qualified to serve as our Nation's representative. Mr.  Lighthizer's knowledge and experience will be vital to his service in  this position and vital to our country.   Put simply, growing our economy and creating better paying jobs for  American workers require increased U.S. trade. Toward that end, I have  spoken to Mr. Lighthizer about the importance of removing trade  barriers for American businesses, workers, consumers, and, where those  barriers have already been removed, maintaining the status quo.   I know there is quite a bit of discussion going around about  potential changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement. As I told  Mr. Lighthizer, there are definitely opportunities to update and  improve NAFTA, but it is important that the administration follow the  spirit of the Hippocratic Oath: First do no harm.   Mr. Lighthizer and I have also discussed the importance of protecting  U.S. intellectual property rights around the globe through strong  enforcement and better rules in trade agreements. I believe he  recognizes the importance of this priority, and I will work to ensure  that this issue plays a prominent role in our future trade  negotiations.   I have also made clear to Mr. Lighthizer that I believe consultation  on trade policy between Congress and the administration is essential,  particularly if our agreements are going to adhere to the standards  Congress put forward in the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities  and Accountability Act of 2015, the statute that included the most  recent reauthorization of trade promotion authority.   On this key point, I believe Mr. Lighthizer and I are in agreement.  As U.S. Trade Representative, Mr. Lighthizer will have the task of  holding our trading partners accountable, ensuring that Americans don't  pay more for the products their families need and helping American  businesses and workers sell more of their goods and services around the  globe.   This is not an easy job, but I am confident that Mr. Lighthizer is up  to the task. As chairman of the Senate committee with jurisdiction over  our Nation's trade policy, I am committed to working with him to ensure  that we advance a trade agenda that will grow our economy, create more  jobs, and expand market access around the globe for America's farmers,  ranchers, and manufacturers.   Mr. President, I suggest we vote on Mr. Lighthizer.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. All postcloture time has expired.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Lighthizer  nomination?   