 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member  Engel.  [[Page H8183]]    Mr. Speaker, today, I think, represents the culmination of a series  of wonderful bipartisan efforts that, while on their face to those who  are not initiated may seem to deal with disparate subjects insofar as  they stem from Iranian ballistic missiles to Hezbollah's use of humans  as shields, are, in effect, dealing with the same subject.   Mr. Speaker, one can't separate Hezbollah from Iran. In fact,  Hezbollah was born only a few short years after the Iranian Revolution,  which brought such heartache that the loss of life in Iran, adjusted  for population, mirrors that of the entire loss of life by the United  States in combat during the entire Second World War.   These are innocent Iranians killed by their own government, Mr.  Speaker. And we see, also, that the Hezbollah forces in Israel,  Lebanon, and, indeed, around the world quite literally have continued  to use human shields.   My friend and colleague from California, Congressman Rohrabacher,  said that Hezbollah actions had degenerated to the point where they  were using human shields. While I hold Mr. Rohrabacher in great esteem,  I would submit that they haven't degenerated, because that implies at  some point that Hezbollah didn't engage in such reprehensible behavior.   So the bipartisan actions led by Ranking Member Engel and Chairman  Royce today bring us to where, indeed, we need to be by virtue of the  reality of the world in which we live. Hezbollah does not exist but for  the largess of Iran and the monies funneled by the Iranian regime.   The Hezbollah missiles, which Member Frankel eloquently spoke of,  are, indeed, Iranian missiles, and the ICBMs that Iran is developing  that we seek to curtail stem from a failure to include a prohibition on  ICBM development in the JCPOA under which this Congress and this  administration now labor.   I would note for the Record, for the Members, and for those who might  be viewing at home that U.N. Security Council Resolution 1929 of 2010,  which included signatures from the Russians and the Chinese, said that  Iran was forbidden from engaging in missile development. The JCPOA says  Iran is asked not to engage in this.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, so we then arrive at the point where the  good work of Mr. Engel and Chairman Royce is needed today, and that is  what we do. It is with a glad heart that I note the bipartisan nature  of these agreements.   