 Mr. President, today the Senate will move to confirm  Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. Wilson is a Rhodes  Scholar, Air Force Academy graduate--part of the third class ever to  admit women, by the way--and a dedicated public servant who served  several terms in the U.S. House.   I am sure she will work hard in this new role to strengthen the  branch of the military she cares so much about. I look forward to  approving her nomination on a bipartisan basis later this afternoon.   After that, we will take a cloture vote on the Gottlieb nomination to  head the FDA, which I will come to in a moment. I hope to see robust  support for his nomination as well.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 20, S. 140.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 22, S. 249.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 159, submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed  to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  May 9; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour  be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the  time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day,  and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks,  the Senate proceed to executive session to resume consideration of the  Gottlieb nomination, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided in  the usual form; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until  2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings; finally, that  all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader  remarks count postcloture on the Gottlieb nomination.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators Thune and  Sullivan.   