 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3759, the  Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act  of 2017, or the RAISE Family Caregivers Act. This is a bipartisan and  bicameral bill.   I introduced the RAISE Act in the House along with Representative  Kathy Castor as well as Representatives Stefanik and Lujan Grisham.  There are now 107 cosponsors of the bill. An almost identical bill, S.  1028, introduced by Senator Collins and Senator Baldwin, passed the  House unanimously on September 26.   The RAISE Act is supported by a broad coalition of over 60  organizations, from AARP to United Cerebral Palsy. But I was  particularly inspired to introduce the RAISE Act because, frankly, like  many of our constituents, my wife and I are caregivers for our  [[Page H10151]]  family, for our adult son, Livingston, who has fragile X syndrome.   About 12 million people of all ages need the support of family  caregivers today, and this number will more than double by the year  2050. By supporting family caregivers, we can help people live at home,  where they want to be, helping to delay or prevent costlier  institutional care and unnecessary hospitalizations, saving taxpayer  dollars.   The bill creates an advisory council within the Department of Health  and Human Services to identify and recommend actions that Federal,  State, and local governments, communities, healthcare providers, long- term services and support providers, and others are taking, or may  take, to recognize and support those family caregivers. The idea is to  enhance coordination of and implementation under existing programs.   I appreciate the support we have received from the Education and the  Workforce Committee on this legislation, particularly the chair,  Virginia Foxx. My office has worked closely with the committee, AARP,  as well as with Representative Castor, Senator Collins, and Senator  Baldwin, to develop a bipartisan, bicameral piece of legislation with  broad coalition support that we could successfully bring to the floor.   CBO has scored the bill at $1 million over 50 years, but it sunsets  in 3 years, and no new funds are authorized to be appropriated.   This bill gives hope and comfort to the large number of family  caregivers across the country who are often struggling to look after  their loved ones, whether a special-needs child, a loved one with  traumatic brain injury, or an elderly parent or a spouse.   It is important that the Congress and the administration send this  message of caring and support for the family caregivers across our  Nation. I ask that Members vote ``yes'' on this bill.   