 Mr. President, as the subway attack in London last week  proves all too well, when terrorism goes underground, it doesn't  disappear. Every day there are individuals operating in the world's  shadows in places like the Parsons Green station in Fulham. They mean  to do our allies and us great harm, and they are not going away.   As President Trump said last week, in this era in which attacks like  that in London are the new normal, we have to be proactive. We can't  take our security for granted. We can't naively assume that when it  comes to threats like that and others even bigger, our country is out  of the woods. One way to be proactive and to keep our country safe is  to reauthorize section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act.   Earlier this month, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Director of  National Intelligence Dan Coats sent a letter to congressional  leadership calling for this reauthorization. It is easy to see why.  Title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act allows the  intelligence community to collect vital information about international  terrorists, cyber actors, and other important foreign intelligence  targets. Information collected under one particular section--section  702--produces particularly important foreign intelligence that helps  prevent terrorist attacks and malign state actors as well. It does so  by focusing on non-U.S. persons, which is important, because, as it is  called, it is foreign intelligence surveillance. It focuses on non-U.S.  persons located outside of the United States who are foreign  intelligence targets.   But that is not all. Just as importantly, section 702 also includes a  comprehensive oversight regime to make sure the privacy of U.S. persons  is protected under the Constitution. That is done by not only oversight  here in the Senate and in the House through the intelligence committees  but also by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, which monitors  compliance with the law.   There has been some criticism of this provision, but I must say that  the overwhelming support for the section 702 reauthorization is quite  remarkable in this polarized environment in which we live. Even the  Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board gave the program a ringing  endorsement.   But the criticism that has been made is actually based on very few  actual facts and often reflects a misunderstanding, both of the purpose  of FISA and the controls that constrain government action. Just to be  clear, section 702 does not allow intelligence personnel to evade the  Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. It may not be used to  intentionally target a citizen of the United States. That citizen could  be in New York or New Delhi. It simply doesn't matter. He or she is off  limits.  [[Page S5827]]    Section 702 also does not allow for bulk collection or the unlimited  dissemination of intelligence that is obtained. Rather, the  government's capabilities are specifically circumscribed.   Finally, section 702 does not ignore the possibility that  intelligence personnel will inadvertently obtain information about U.S.  persons, but that statute requires intricate procedures to minimize  this type of incidental collection to make sure that American citizens  are not swept up in foreign intelligence surveillance targets.   Because of these safeguards, section 702 achieves a careful balance,  preserving privacy and civil liberties while giving our intelligence  personnel the flashlights they need to find terrorists and other  adversaries operating in the dark.   This careful balance is why scholars at the U.S. Naval Academy,  commenting on section 702, summarized that ``there is simply no good  case for not reauthorizing when it comes up for renewal.''   I say to my colleagues that the time for renewal is fast approaching.  That is why today I join the Attorney General and the Director of  National Intelligence in recommending the speedy enactment of  legislation reauthorizing title VII before it sunsets later this year.   Section 702 is only one piece of our dense security puzzle. It  complements many other pieces of legislation that were designed to  handle our incredibly diverse array of threats, and I just want to  mention one other.   We need to strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the  United States, also known as CFIUS. Yesterday we passed the National  Defense Authorization Act which contains an important CFIUS provision.  I would like to thank the senior Senator from Arizona, the chairman of  the Armed Services Committee, as well as the ranking member, the senior  Senator from Rhode Island, for including it in the National Defense  Authorization Act, which we approved yesterday.   This provision is critically important, as it could help strengthen  the process by which we screen investment by foreign companies to  ensure that our military superiority and our technological edge is not  whittled away by foreign governments that might use our technology  against us or to undermine our industrial base here in the United  States.   As my colleagues know, many national security threats don't make the  headlines. Some of them emerge gradually. They develop quietly when  countries like China begin acquiring American technology in every way  possible, knowledgeable of our laws, and with a conscious strategy to  try to evade and circumvent those protections in order to grab our  technological edge and undermine our industrial base.   It has been reported that the Chinese Government has already made  investments in robotics and artificial intelligence, pouring some $30  billion into early-stage U.S. technologies over a 6-year period.   When the Chinese are able to get their hands on our cutting-edge  technology, just imagine the boost for their long-term military  capabilities.   But here is the problem. CFIUS needs to be modernized and brought up  to date in order to plug these holes that currently exist in the  protective regime. Secretary Mattis, the Secretary of Defense, said  that CFIUS ``needs to be updated to deal with today's situation.'' I  agree.   My provision included in the NDAA would begin that process. It  requires the Secretary to find and propose ways to make the current  CFIUS process work more effectively. The NDAA also sets the stage for  more comprehensive reform that I will be discussing in the coming days  and weeks.   I want to thank the senior Senator from Idaho, the chairman of the  Banking Committee, for taking this important issue up in the Senate  Banking Committee just this last Thursday. As chairman, his leadership  on the committee has been indispensable, and CFIUS reform is just the  latest example.   The bipartisan legislation I am spearheading is called the Foreign  Investment Risk Review Modernization Act. It will modernize the CFIUS  process to prepare our country to meet the 21st century threats, and I  plan to introduce it soon.   This bill would ensure, first, that the government scrutinizes  closely those nations that are the biggest threats to our national  security; second, that CFIUS obtains more authority to look at  investment deals that, as of today, don't fall under its purview, just  as certain joint ventures based overseas and minority-position  investments in companies do not currently fall within its purview; and,  third, it would give CFIUS the means to assess rapidly developing  technologies our export control regime has not yet figured out how to  handle.   Colleagues, I hope you will join me in supporting this important  reform package, and I look forward to further debate on this topic.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran), the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran), and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. Strange).   