 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the amendment of  my friend from Illinois. The gentleman has shown great leadership on  this issue prohibiting the Office of Foreign Assets Control from using  funds to issue a license allowing U.S.-made aircraft to be sold to  Iran, and also prohibiting OFAC from using funds to authorize U.S.  financial institutions to finance the purchase of military fungible  aircraft to Iran.   As the chairman of the subcommittee with oversight over treasury  implementation of sanctions, it is just unacceptable and unnecessary to  expose the  [[Page H7341]]  U.S. financial system to the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism  in a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern.   At a hearing in April, the Committee on Financial Services heard  testimony that Iran Air's role in the Syrian conflict continues. That  same day, the public received reports of a chemical weapons attack  killing dozens of Syrian civilians.   What we know is that there is significant evidence suggesting that  Iran Air flights are now being used to transport personnel and material  supporting the IRGC and its efforts to assist the Assad regime and  Hezbollah.   Mr. Chairman, I applaud the gentleman's amendment and I support it.  We should not be assisting the world's leading state sponsor of  terrorism with commercial aircraft.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman's leadership on this,  and, with all due respect to my friends on the other side of the aisle,  this amendment is not about protecting consumers. This amendment is  about protecting bureaucrats from accountability from the American  people.   You know, I don't know, for the life of me, why Members of Congress  would not defend this institution, both Republicans and Democrats on  both sides of the aisle defend this institution. Why on Earth would we  give away the most complete and effectual power of  [[Page H7347]]  Congress--as James Madison said, ``the power of the purse''--away to  unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in the executive branch?   When I asked Chair Yellen whether she approves the budget of the  Bureau, she didn't know the answer to that basic question. We know that  the CFPB is not accountable to the American people through their  elected Representatives in Congress. That is by statutory design. That  is what Dodd-Frank says. But we would hope that they would at least be  accountable to the source of their funding, and they are not even  accountable to the Fed.   Defeat this amendment, support accountability, support the  Constitution and restoring the power of the purse to the elected  Representatives of the Congress.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, the examples raised by my friend, the gentleman from  Minnesota, really have nothing to do with the provisions of the bill  that the amendment seeks to strike. What the bill does do, the  underlying bill, and I thank the gentleman from Georgia for including  this in the Financial Services Appropriations bill--what the bill does  is make targeted adjustments so that manufactured home loans are  available in the market.   Again, consumer protection is not denying people access to affordable  housing, and that is what the gentleman's amendment would do.   The Dodd-Frank Act does prevent predatory lending, but nothing in  this language changes that at all. Instead of unrelated stories about  consumer protections that the bill's provision will not change, let's  get back to talking about how consumers are actually harmed by the  rules we are seeking to change.   Look, let's talk about real people who are affected negatively by  overreach by the CFPB and Dodd-Frank, people in my district in  Kentucky, in rural Kentucky where manufactured housing is one of the  best affordable options and less expensive than renting.   Let's talk about the hospital worker in Paducah, Kentucky, who was  denied a loan of $38,500 to finance a manufactured home. He had an 8  percent down payment. His monthly income was $2,200 per month, plenty  to cover the all-in housing costs of $670 per month.   The payment for his own home would have been less than what he was  spending on rent, but he was unable to get financing. Why? Because of  the CFPB; because of Dodd-Frank; because of overregulation. He  contacted his local banks and credit unions, but they no longer  financed manufactured homes because of overregulation.   Those harmed include those who currently live in and those who seek  to purchase a manufactured home: retirees, veterans, working families,  et cetera.   And the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data is clear. Consumers have  been shut out of the market for quality affordable housing because  regulations have caused financing to be less available for manufactured  homes.    I want to reserve the balance of my time, and I want to give some  other Members an opportunity to say something about this, but I do want  to just conclude by saying, this amendment, again, is not about  consumer protection. The amendment protects consumers right out of  their homes. That is not consumer protection. Keeping access to  affordable homeownership is the American Dream. We shouldn't be denying  that to people, especially in rural America.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time, and may I ask how  much time I have left.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Missouri (Mr. Luetkemeyer).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Chairman, just to conclude, this is not about raising  costs for people. This is about actually making it more affordable to  own a home. There may be, in some cases, a higher interest rate for a  manufactured home than a site-built home.   But, remember, a manufactured home can be less than half the cost of  a site-built home. So you are talking about overall affordability.   Why would we deny people the opportunity to have overall  affordability, as opposed to being forced into higher cost rent where  they don't even own the American Dream, or being in a position where  they can't afford at all?   The only option available is a site-built home, a nonmanufactured  home.   Defeat this amendment, preserve access to rural affordable housing,  be pro-consumer, and oppose this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman Jenkins for his  leadership on this important issue.   Mr. Chairman, I join my colleague from West Virginia in introducing  this amendment, which seeks to increase funding to the High Intensity  Drug Trafficking Area program by $6 million. Frankly, that is not  enough, but it is an improvement over the status quo. This program is a  proven program, established to help combat the sale and distribution of  illegal narcotics.   I am greatly concerned about the current and future well-being of  this Nation and States like my home Commonwealth of Kentucky, which,  according to the Centers for Disease Control, has the third highest  rate of fatalities due to drug overdose in the Nation, falling close  behind West Virginia and New Hampshire.   Members of my Sixth Congressional District of Kentucky Drug Abuse  Task Force, which is comprised of local, State, and Federal experts in  the fields of law enforcement, drug treatment, recovery, education, and  prevention efforts, recommended increased funding for HIDTA initiatives  to help fight this crisis.   We hear it from our constituents, the heartbreaking stories of loved  ones who have succumbed to addiction and the heartbreaking stories of  first responders who are called to the scene of overdose deaths.   In 2016 alone, HIDTAs took $17.3 billion of illicit drugs off the  streets and out of our communities, which equates to a return on  investment of $75 for every $1 in HIDTA budgeted in 2016.   We can prudently use this return on investment to continue to help  take narcotic drugs out of our communities while helping to provide  funding for treatment and prevention efforts for nonviolent drug  abusers.   Mr. Chairman, we all personally know someone who has fallen to  addiction by drugs or even fallen victim to a drug overdose. I ask my  fellow colleagues to support this important amendment, which would  truly make a difference in helping our communities fight this alarming  epidemic.   It is a workforce development issue. Many of the employers in  Kentucky--and I know, in West Virginia as well--talk about the labor  supply difficulties as a result of the addiction crisis, but even worse  is the human tragedy.   We know that this works. In Madison County, Kentucky, it has worked.  Many other counties are applying for this money, and with that, there  is more demand for more funding.   Please support this amendment.   