 Mr. President, last year was the hottest year on record,  and 16 of the last 17 years have been the warmest years ever recorded.  Climate change science is some of the most thoroughly established and  well-tested research in history, and 97 percent of the published  research says climate change is real and caused by humans.   Climate change is an urgent threat to our health, our national  security, and our economy. How we address it is what we need to debate,  not whether it is real.   As I have said before, I will work with anyone in this Chamber-- Republican or Democrat--to address this issue. That is appropriate  because survey after survey of people in Colorado--a State that is a  third Democratic, a third Republican, and a third Independent-- demonstrates that they believe the science, no matter which party they  belong to.   In a very welcome sign, just last week, a group of statesmen,  including former Secretary of State James Baker III, former Secretary  of State George Shultz, and former Secretary of the Treasury Henry  Paulson, Jr.,--all Republicans--released what they described as a  ``conservative climate solution.''   These distinguished leaders have come together at just the right  moment--at the perfect moment--because our new President says that he  is ``not a big believer'' in climate change. In fact, he claimed during  the campaign that climate change was a hoax invented by the Chinese to  make U.S. manufacturing noncompetitive.   Consistent with that view, the President's nominee to run the  Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, recently said that the  debate over climate change is quote ``far from settled.'' He wondered  in December whether global warming is ``true or not,'' whether it is  caused by humans and whether the Earth is cooling instead of heating.  As attorney general of Oklahoma, he sought to prevent the very Agency  he has been nominated to lead from fighting climate change, suing the  EPA 14 times.    It is important, I guess, to note that while it is rare for somebody  in America to share these views, Attorney General Pruitt is not alone  in his extreme views in the new President's Cabinet. Rick Perry, the  nominee to be Secretary of Energy, wrote in his book that climate  science is ``all one contrived phony mess'' and that the Earth is  actually ``experiencing a cooling trend.'' Ben Carson, the nominee to  run the Department of Housing and Urban Development, said: ``It is not  clear if temperatures are going up or going down.'' Rex Tillerson, the  new Secretary of State, said: ``None of the models agree on how climate  change works.'' Mr. Trump's CIA Director, Mike Pompeo, said: ``There  are scientists who think lots of different things about climate  change.''   When the Pope was talking about the importance of addressing climate  change, which he said was a very real threat, there was an American  politician who said that the Pope should stick to religion and that he  wasn't a scientist. In fact, the Pope studied chemistry. I am glad he  is using his voice on this important issue.   To be clear, some nominees seem to have undergone a confirmation  process evolution on climate, but this seems more an effort to hide  their extreme views in an effort to be confirmed rather than a genuine  conversion based on facts or science, and that is a shame because the  world cannot wait for this administration to stop ignoring the science.   Over the past 150 years, human activity has driven up greenhouse gas  levels in our atmosphere higher and faster than at any time over the  last 400,000 years. That is not surprising because we have pumped  almost 400 billion metric tons of carbon into the atmosphere since the  start of the Industrial Revolution. As a result, carbon dioxide  concentrations have risen from 280 parts per million to 400 parts per  million for the first time in recorded history. That significant change  over an insignificant period of time is dramatically changing the  Earth. These emissions act like closed car windows: They allow light  and heat in, but they don't allow most of the heat to ever escape.   Already, record heating has melted ice sheets as large as Texas,  Georgia, and New York combined, adding billions of tons of water to our  oceans every year. These rising seas have partially submerged cities in  Florida and Georgia several times per year. They threaten 31 towns and  cities in Alaska with imminent destruction. They are forcing a city in  Louisiana to relocate its residents away from what is now an almost  permanently flooded coast. By 2030, there won't be any glaciers left in  Montana's Glacier National Park.   While extreme events and natural disasters become more frequent, so  do the effects climate change has on our daily lives. In my home State,  7 out of 10 Coloradans know that climate change is happening, and  nearly half say they have personally experienced its effects. Shorter  winters are already a threat to Colorado's $4.8 billion ski and  snowboard industry and its 46,000 jobs.   Since the snow is melting sooner, there is not enough water for what  are now longer summers. Colorado's farmers are forced to grow food with  less water, a changing growing season, and higher temperatures. Our  agriculture industry employs over 170,000 Coloradans and contributes  more than $40 billion a year to our economy. These changes are not only  threatening farmers' livelihoods, they are changing production and food  prices at grocery stores.   Our beer industry is even weighing in. This week, I received a letter  from 32 brewers from around the country, including three from Colorado,  who oppose Scott Pruitt's nomination because they depend on America's  clean water resources to brew their beer.   Hotter summers and the droughts they prolong cause wildfires that now  burn twice as much land every year than they did 40 years ago.  Together, State and Federal agencies are paying nearly $4 billion a  year to fight those fires. Warmer waters and drought are hurting  animals everywhere, like our cutthroat trout populations in Colorado.  That is not just a problem for the fish; in Colorado, rivers generate  more than $9 billion in economic activity every year, including  supporting nearly 80,000 jobs.   As warmer temperatures increase and spread across regions, so do  incidents of vector-borne diseases like the West Nile virus and the  hantavirus. And what do we do when we have longer, hotter summers? We  crank up the air-conditioning, burning more fossil fuel and only  perpetuating the problem.   I understand that sometimes it is hard to focus on climate change  when the effects seem distant, but it should be impossible to ignore  the immediate national security threat posed by climate change that is  here today. Here in the Senate, in 2015, we passed a budget amendment  with bipartisan support to promote ``national security by addressing  human-induced climate change.'' That is what the amendment said. It got  bipartisan support.   The former Secretary of Defense, the former Director of National  Intelligence, and the former admiral in charge of U.S. Naval forces in  the Pacific have all warned us that climate change is a threat to our  national security.  [[Page S1270]]    Around the world, climate change is increasing natural disasters,  refugee flows, and conflicts over basic resources like food and water,  complicating American involvement and security. Climate change is  linked to drought and crop loss and failure in southern Africa, leaving  more than 6 million children malnourished by famine. It is increasing  monsoons and heat waves in Pakistan, driving 11 million people out of  their homes. It is even connected to water and food shortages that have  intensified civil unrest from Egypt to Syria.   At home, climate change already has cost us billions to relocate and  buffer military infrastructure from coastal erosion and protect  military installations from energy outages. At the U.S. Atlantic Fleet  in Norfolk, VA, the largest naval installation in the world, sea levels  have risen over 1 foot in the past 100 years. All the systems that  support military readiness, from electrical utilities to housing at  that base, are vulnerable to extreme flooding.   When the Department of Defense ``recognizes the reality of climate  change''--those are their words--``and the significant risk it poses to  U.S. interests globally,'' we should listen. When the Nation's most  recent national security strategy says that ``climate change is an  urgent and growing threat,'' we should act.   As a Senator from Colorado, I understand very well why people  sometimes are frustrated when the EPA, for instance, does take action-- or sometimes when it doesn't take action.    There are certainly some regulations that don't make sense, where a  well-intentioned idea or an ill-intentioned idea--I think they are  usually well-intentioned--from Washington ends up not making sense when  it hits the ground. That is why I fought to revise EPA fuel storage  tank regulations that hurt Colorado farmers, ranchers, and businesses  in my home State. I supported an amendment making the Agency take a  look at a new regulation that burdens families trying to remodel older  homes. There are other regulations that I voted to get rid of. I  supported, for instance, lifting the export ban on crude oil from the  United States of America, a bill that we passed last year in connection  with a 5-year extension of the tax credits for wind and solar energy, a  great deal for the State of Colorado--both the lifting of the crude oil  export ban and the extension of the tax credits for wind and solar.   I have also supported and fought for our coal community. In Colorado,  working with my colleague Senator Gardner, I fought to keep a Colorado  mine open to protect good-paying jobs in my State. I am proud to have a  hard hat in my office bearing the signatures of the people who work at  that mine.   I have to say tonight that the often-asserted claim that efforts to  regulate carbon or more generally to protect our water and our air have  significantly led to job losses in this country is false. This argument  is a fraud perpetrated by politicians making promises that are broken  from the start.   The reality--and it is important to understand the reality so we can  remedy the situation--the reality is that free market forces and not  mostly Federal regulation are transforming American electricity  production.   American coal employment peaked in the early 1980s, long before we  began seriously expanding natural energy. Natural gas has been gaining  market share compared to coal since before 1990. Colorado, for example,  has benefitted greatly from the natural gas boom. In almost every part  of the United States, natural gas plants are now cheaper to build than  coal plants. Facilities that were built when I became a Senator 8 years  ago were built to import natural gas and are now being retrofitted to  export natural gas to the rest of the world. That is good for our  environment, and it is good for the geopolitical position of the United  States.   Innovation is making renewable electricity more affordable for  everybody. Between 2008 and 2015, the cost of wind power fell 41  percent. The cost of large-scale solar installations fell 64 percent.  This has led to a 95-percent increase in solar deployment in 2016 over  the previous year. The annual installation doubled in 1 year.   If we truly want to support our world communities, we should listen  to Teddy Roosevelt, who once said that ``conservation and rural-life  policies are really two sides of the same policy; and down at the  bottom this policy rests upon the fundamental law that neither man nor  nation can prosper unless, in dealing with the present, thought is  steadily given to the future.''   The truth about the future is that there may be a lot of sound  reasons to review, revisit, and even retire any number of Federal  regulations, and I will bet there are, but cutting regulation will not  reopen shuttered coal mines.   It is not about regulations or the EPA or about a War on Coal.  Economic factors, market factors are driving the shift from coal to  natural gas and renewables, and we need to recognize this shift and  help coal communities adapt to a changing energy economy. They have  contributed to building the economic vitality of this country. Their  work helped us win World War II. We have to recognize the contribution;  we can't just turn our backs. But we also need to acknowledge what is  causing the changes that are occurring in our energy production because  if we can't acknowledge the causes, we can't fix the problem; we can't  make a meaningful difference for people in the communities that are  affected by these changes; we can't fulfill what have become empty  political promises instead of making real commitments on behalf of the  American people.   We also have to take advantage of the changes in energy production to  fuel economic growth and create new jobs. Already, renewable energy is  creating jobs throughout the country. Energy efficiency employs 2.2  million Americans. Solar and wind companies employ more than 360,000  Americans, including more than 13,000 in my home State of Colorado.  Colorado now ranks first in the country in wind energy manufacturing.  All together, clean energy employment grew 29 percent between 2009 and  2014 in Colorado.   This isn't a Bolshevik plot, as I said on the floor before. These are  American jobs. These are manufacturing jobs. These are plants where it  is not just about the wind turbine but about all of the supply chain  that goes along with it that can't be made in China and shipped to the  United States and installed here. These jobs in this supply chain are  American jobs. They are good jobs that pay a good wage, and they are  meaningful to our economy. Last year, solar jobs grew 17 times faster  than jobs in the rest of the national economy. They increased by 20  percent in Colorado in 1 year.    The expansion of natural gas, as I mentioned earlier, is also aiding  our transition to a cleaner energy economy. Between 2005 and 2012,  natural gas production grew by 35 percent in the United States. In  Colorado, it expanded by 139 percent. Colorado now ranks sixth in the  country in natural gas production as 10 of the Nation's 100 largest  natural gasfields are now located in Colorado.   These industries together create good-paying jobs that can't be  exported overseas; and all of these changes, taken together, are  beginning to address climate change. From 2008 to 2015, the American  energy sector reduced its carbon emissions by 9.5 percent. We reduced  our carbon emissions by almost 10 percent while the country's economy  grew by more than 10 percent, and we are starting to see the same trend  around the world. Global emissions stayed flat in 2015 while the global  economy grew. Turning our backs on reality is not a recipe for job  creation in this country, but embracing the reality is.   So I would ask this new President, after the campaign he ran and the  promises he made, why he would promote policies that will kill American  jobs and industries. Unfortunately--I regret to say this--even though  70 percent of Coloradoans say climate change is real and that humankind  is contributing to it, the answer to my question about this  administration's policies comes back to what it believes--to what it  believes is a debate on climate change.   If we allow science to become debatable, we can contort our thinking  to fit any fiction at all to support or undermine any public policy. We  risk discarding facts we don't like and ignoring experts with whom we  don't agree in favor of special interests, which  [[Page S1271]]  often dominate our political system. Our country needs more from us  than that. Our national defense demands more than that from us.   When State Department analysts concluded with evidence, with science,  that the Keystone Pipeline would not materially increase carbon  emissions--facts lost in the phony debate here in Washington--I voted  for it against intense opposition from my own party and many of my  strongest supporters. That was a painful vote, one of the most painful  I have ever taken and difficult to explain to many people I admire, but  I was guided by the facts, not by politics, guided by the science, not  by politics.   We have always drawn strength as a country from our belief in  science, our confidence in reason and evidence. It is what Harry Truman  called our ``unflinching passion for knowledge and truth.'' In school,  we teach children to support theories with facts and look to science to  explain the world. When it comes to climate change, we cannot allow the  narrow limits of political expediency and special interests to cloud  our sound judgment. That is not a lesson we should be teaching our  children who need us to act on climate. That would set a horrible  example for the people who are coming after us.   Our ultimate success in addressing climate change will rely on the  same scientific method that sent us to the Moon and eradicated  smallpox. If we surrender evidence to ideology, when it comes to  climate change, we abandon the process of scientific inquiry. We leave  ourselves completely unequipped to defend what we discover to be true.  We loosen our grip on the science that allows us to understand that  evolution is real and vaccines are effective; that something is true  and something else is false. That, not doubt and denial, is the lesson  we should leave our children; that we have the courage to confront this  challenge without bias; that we have the wisdom to follow facts  wherever they lead. That is what this Senate should do. That is what  our country should do.   We have seen the evidence now. It is not theoretical anymore that we  can grow our economy, the fact that we will grow our economy, that we  can conserve energy while we do it, that we can create entirely new  industries and technologies to power the most significant economy that  human beings have ever seen in the history of the world, and that we  can deal with climate at the same time. The two are linked.   Apparently, that is not what this President believes, and that is not  what his nominee to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection  Agency believes. Because that is so far out of step with what Colorado  believes and for all of the reasons I have talked about today and for  the sake of our climate and for good-paying American jobs all over this  country--but particularly in Colorado--I am compelled to vote no on the  President's nominee to head the Environmental Protection Agency.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.   