 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  Nadler amendment.   The CHAIR. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  Nadler amendment.   The CHAIR. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chairman, the Nadler amendment would allow  detainees currently housed at GTMO to be transferred to the United  States. As in previous conflicts, it is appropriate and lawful to hold  detainees that we engage in our armed conflicts.   Guantanamo is the safest and most appropriate location to house these  detainees. Members can visit there. It is secure and relatively distant  from the United States.   Moving to the U.S. puts our homeland and citizens at risk. Our  enemies have, when able, attacked and, on occasion, freed detainees,  even committing suicide to do it. I have seen the attempts. I have  served in Iraq at a detention facility.   And as far as Guantanamo being a recruitment tool, it might just be a  recruitment tool, and here is why. Because if you are caught trying to  kill Americans and committing acts of terrorism, you get to go to a  Caribbean island that provides humane conditions for the detainees. Go  visit there and you will see that. They have appropriate access to  healthcare, the same healthcare that our troops get. They have  recreational activities, and they have cultural and religious  materials.   But, more important than anything else, our troops, and the detainees  that they hold there, are all safer in Cuba. It is very difficult to  sneak up and attack Guantanamo Bay.   The recent terrorist attacks in Europe should remind us all that  there is significant risk, and that we face significant risk in this  world. Yes, we wish the war on terror was over. But guess what. It is  not.   This would only increase the risk right here in our own backyards.  Congress has passed, and the President has  [[Page H5727]]  signed into law, restrictions on Guantanamo detainee transfers to the  U.S. every year since fiscal year 2010. To house these terrorists,  these enemies of freedom on our own land is dangerous. I ask for your  support in defeating this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Bacon), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Stefanik), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Byrne), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Byrne), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Nadler).   The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes  appeared to have it.   