 Mr. Chairman, for too long Congress has been allowed  to play by a different set of rules than the American people in regard  to how we budget. No one lives in a world where there is seemingly an  endless supply of money, that is, until you enter the fantasy world of  Washington, D.C.   However, hardworking American families, businessmen, and  businesswomen live in the real world. They have to budget. They have to  prioritize and make trade-off decisions: wants versus needs, what is  good and what is essential. The bottom line, they have to live within  their means.   But, apparently, our government has been exempt from such basic  principles of fiscal responsibility under which we the people must  live. The prevailing budget philosophy over the years among our  representative leaders has been as follows: as long as we can borrow  it, you can bet your bottom dollar we can spend it. And spend it they  have.   This borrowing-and-spending delusion has left us on the brink of  bankruptcy. We are $20 trillion in debt, which puts our country in the  worst debt position in the history of America, and this with the sacred  constitutional charge to secure liberty for our posterity. That means  give freedom to our children.   Mr. Chairman, there is no freedom with this level of debt. If we  don't do something about this looming debt crisis and stay on our  current spending trajectory, in less than 10 years, we will be at $30  trillion in debt. We will have $1 trillion in annual deficit. We will  be spending more--get this--on our interest on the debt we owe than on  national defense.   Mr. Chairman, enough is enough. I rise in support of this budget, a  budget that begins to rein in this reckless spending, a budget that  funds our national priorities and our core responsibilities and  initiates a historic opportunity for tax relief for middle and working  class families.    Let's stop spending our children's future and stop pretending that  they won't inherit a disaster as a result. Let's live in the same  reality as every other American. Let's focus on our main mission as a  limited Federal Government by rebuilding our military, by maintaining  our infrastructure, and by securing our food supply so we can maintain  the ability to feed our own people.   Let's unleash our job creators from the highest tax burden in the  free world. Let's allow our families and individuals to keep more of  their hard-earned money, and let's hand this country safer, stronger,  and freer than we found it.   Mr. Chairman, let's pass this budget.   