 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 509, I  call up the bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the transparency and accelerate  the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of  1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to  better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality  basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate  duplication and waste, and for other purposes, with the Senate  amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and  ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend  their remarks and include extraneous material during consideration of  H.R. 601, and that I may include tabular material on the same.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present a Senate amendment to H.R. 601.  As Texas and Louisiana begin the first steps of recovery from Hurricane  Harvey, Congress must ensure that the funding is available to meet the  short- and long-term needs of the hundreds of thousands of victims of  that terrible storm. As we are all seeing unfold before our eyes, the  next hurricanes could cause even more terrible devastation. This  legislation is the first step in what will be long and difficult  recoveries.   As our fellow Americans recover and rebuild their lives, we must come  together to support the victims, the volunteers, the first responders  on the ground from around the Nation, and Congress must ensure that the  Federal Government provides the help they need.   With FEMA resources running low and Hurricane Irma on Florida's and  the South's door, providing this additional funding is even more  critical. As I said before, our committee is ready and willing to  address any additional funding needs that may arise as a result of  Hurricane Harvey, Irma, and other major disasters.   In addition to providing this desperately needed emergency aid, this  bill also extends funding for the entire Federal Government operations  until December 8 of this year. This continuing resolution will ensure  that the Federal Government remains open for business and that  important programs and services are maintained beyond the end of the  fiscal year on the 30th of this month.   While I don't believe that a continuing resolution is the best way to  fund our government, it is imperative to give us time to go to  conference and complete our 12 full-year appropriations bills with the  Senate. It is essential that all of these bills be signed into law and  that our Nation avoids the uncertainty caused by a threat of a  shutdown.   In addition, the bill also contains a short-term increase in the  Federal debt limit and a reauthorization of the National Flood  Insurance Program.   All of these actions will allow for more certainty and stability for  the Nation and for the communities and families suffering from these  disasters.   I urge my colleagues--and may I say I do that knowing that I have the  full support of my ranking member, Mrs. Lowey, who I have had the  pleasure of working with.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to support this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume  to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Carter) who is the chairman of the  Homeland Security Subcommittee on Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of H.R. 601 to  move funds quickly to those in need, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   