 Mr. President, I congratulate my colleague from  Missouri for the excellent comments he made.   I bring to the floor a report that came out last evening, which is  essentially the analysis that the Obama administration never wanted the  American people to see, and it has to do with ObamaCare from 2013 to  2017. This report that the Obama administration would love to hide from  the American people makes the point that my colleague from Missouri  just made.   In those years, from 2013 to 2017, once ObamaCare came into place,  premiums around the country in the States that are buying on the  Federal ObamaCare exchange went up 105 percent on average--more than  double. It more than doubled in 20 States, and it tripled in three  States: Oklahoma, Alaska, and Alabama. In Wyoming, it went up 107  percent in just 4 years. Tell me something else that has gone up by  that price in our lives anywhere over that short period of time. Those  are the numbers that are out today.   More than 7 years ago, the Washington Democrats wrote an enormously  costly and complicated healthcare law. They forced it through the  Senate, and they made lots of promises. They promised it would provide  care for less money. They promised that you could keep your doctor and  that you could keep your insurance. They promised that if you just  allowed Washington to have more control, everything would be better for  you. It hasn't worked out that way. These are the numbers we are  looking at today, and it looks as if prices are going to go up again  next year because of the mandates and the requirements of the Obama  healthcare law.   In Connecticut, insurance companies say they want an average increase  of about 24 percent; in Maryland, the average is 45 percent; and in  Oregon, 17 percent. Americans are again facing double-digit increases  in their ObamaCare premiums next year, just like this past year.   Some companies simply said: Hey, I am done. I am not going to sell  anymore. It is just not worth it.   That is what Aetna has done--pulled out entirely. The thing that is  so interesting about Aetna's decision is that they were one of the  major cheerleaders early on back in the beginning of ObamaCare. They  said: Oh yeah, we want to do this. We want to sell insurance all around  the country. Well, now they are pulling out of ObamaCare all across  America. What that means for people at home is that they have fewer  choices.   People living in two-thirds of the counties in this country--and in  every county in my home State of Wyoming--are down to fewer and fewer  choices. We have one choice of a carrier to buy from on the exchange in  Wyoming. In two-thirds of the counties, people have only one or two  choices. There are now places where people have no choices. Even if  they get a subsidy under ObamaCare, there is no place they can use it,  so it is useless to them.   The companies that remain--what are they doing to help try to control  costs? Well, they are cutting back on access to doctors and to  hospitals, as we just heard is the situation of the patient in  Missouri.   Democrats say that people have to buy the insurance anyway because  they say they put a mandate on it. Americans, like it or not, you have  to buy ObamaCare insurance. If you don't like it, we are going to fine  you. That is what the Democrats said. Well, in spite of the mandate, 20  million Americans said ``No, thank you,'' and about 8 million paid a  fine. Another 12 million got an exemption because there are actually 41  different ways you can get exempted from ObamaCare. People realize it  is not a good deal for them. They know ObamaCare has made insurance so  expensive that it is not a good value for their hard-earned dollars.   It is astonishing to hear Democrats now say that basically the  problem was that Washington didn't have enough control. We need more  government control, they are saying. There are a number of Democrats  who want a single-payer healthcare system. Some call  [[Page S3121]]  it Medicare for all. They can call it what they want--it means higher  costs and more Washington control over the healthcare American families  need.   The State of Vermont looked at this idea a couple of years ago. Even  in this very small, very liberal State, they dropped the idea almost  immediately. Why? Because they said it was too expensive.   That didn't stop other States from looking at it. Recently, this  occurred in the State of California. Democrats in California recently  offered a plan to have the State take control of all healthcare for  everyone who lives there. Universal healthcare for all, they call it-- doctor visits, hospitals, inpatient care, outpatient care, emergencies,  dental, vision, mental health, nursing homes, everything, cradle to  grave, universal health coverage.   So what do the stories in the California papers say about this? Well,  they did a budget analysis. The budget office of the State of  California did a budget analysis and said: What would such a thing  cost? They came up with a cost of $400 billion a year. That sounds like  a big number, but how do you put that in perspective? What else can you  do? Four hundred billion dollars. So they said: Well, let's compare it  to the budget of the entire State of California. The entire budget for  the State of California today is $190 billion, so the cost of universal  healthcare alone is twice the budget of the whole State of California.  That includes teachers, firefighters, police, everything. They are  proposing to spend twice the amount that they spend on everything on  universal healthcare.   So what do the Democrats say? Well, we will just have to raise taxes.  That is their answer to so much of everything. I guess they figure that  hard-working families in California would need to pay these taxes every  year--not just once but every year because that price tag is $400  billion each and every year.   Democrats have no good ideas on how to deal with this collapse of  ObamaCare. Republicans are offering real solutions. We are looking for  ways to bring costs down, to give people more freedom, and to give  people more control over their own healthcare. We are working to make  sure people can get the care they need from a doctor they choose at a  lower cost. We don't have that with ObamaCare.    The Democrats are pushing the exact opposite approach. They are  offering higher costs, higher taxes, more government control, more  government say in your family's life.   ObamaCare has failed. Republicans are committed to finding long-term  solutions to our Nation's healthcare needs.   Thank you. I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   