 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I would make two quick points on the importance of tax  reform. One, I would refer to an editorial that appeared in yesterday's  Wall Street Journal. What it talked about was the nexus between  deficits and tax reform. Oddly enough, if you look at the numbers here  of late and if you look at the 2017 CBO report, what it shows is that,  in fact, deficits are creeping up again. Last year's number is $668  billion.   What they point to in this editorial was that a good part of the  reason why deficits have escalated has been tied to anemic economic  growth and that, unlike other recoveries that had been more robust in  nature, the revenues had not come in as they have in past recoveries.  As a consequence, deficits have exploded.   So if you care about the deficits--and I do, and I know that the  gentleman from North Carolina does, and I know that other members of  the RSC do. If you care about deficits, then you have got to do  something about tax reform this year was, in essence, the premise of  the editorial.   The other point I would make is this. In a capitalistic society,  capital matters. In essence, it is a mathematical formula.    Savings drives investment, which drives productivity gain, which  ultimately impacts standards of living or wages, which we talk about.  There are only two ways of increasing or improving human productivity.  One is with gray matter: you can build a better mousetrap because you  have been well educated and you can think of something different. The  other is with physical capital. One person with a bulldozer can move a  lot more dirt than one person with a shovel.   Yet what we oftentimes forget in the debate on tax reform is how  important it is that we encourage and, in essence, complement the  efforts of those who are out there risking on a daily basis. So with  that in mind, it is important that we have tax reform that includes  people who are actually, again, building businesses.   Think about this: the top 25 percent of the earners out there pay 90  percent of the taxes; the top 10 percent pay 60 percent of the taxes.   Now, let's define that for just a second. If you are in the top 25  percent, that begins at $77,000. If you are in the top 10 percent, you  are at $133,000.   Now, tell me this: When I talk to a truck driver and a schoolteacher  at home, their combined income could be around $100,000. Are they rich?  I would say no. But they are out there making the kinds of risks that  are necessary to the building of capital that was exactly what The Wall  Street Journal talked about.   If we want to do something about deficits, and if we want to do  something about capital formation that is so necessary to raising  wages, then we have got to do something about this equation. It is  important that those earners and those small-business people not be  left out, as is the case right now. That is yet another reason why tax  reform is so important this year.   