 Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairwoman for yielding time  to me, and I particularly want to congratulate her on doing something  that is going to be pretty remarkable today. She is bringing a budget  that actually balances in 10 years.   My good friends on the other side will bring us three budgets, none  of which come into balance in 10 years. In that, to be fair, they  follow the tradition that President Obama set, who never ever brought  us a budget that balanced and left us with a national debt roughly  twice the size of the one he had when he came into office. If we don't  do what Chairwoman Black suggests here, we are going to be in exactly  that same position.   I particularly want to congratulate the chairwoman for having the  courage to take on the tough issue of entitlement and mandatory  spending reform. She has $200 billion of it. It sounds like a lot of  money, but it is out of $30 trillion over 10 years. This is something  we can do--frankly, we should do more of--and that is the way to  actually move toward balance.   I also want to congratulate the chairwoman for actually working with  other committee chairmen to help them identify the cuts so they are  real. They are not just fictional things in an imaginary document.   Finally, I particularly want to commend her for a wise investment in  national security. That is a tough decision to make, but we have all  seen the ravages left by sequester and by continuing resolutions that  are the number one enemies of the United States military. We have  actually, under the last administration, inflicted more damage on the  military than any enemy could do on any battlefield anyplace in the  world. Our chairwoman and our committee stops that, reverses that, and  begins to invest.   Mr. Chair, I just want to end by pointing out the long-term solution  here to our problems really is entitlement reform. We have to get  serious about mandatory spending. It is two-thirds of the budget now.  Without changing the direction we are going, it will be 81 percent a  decade from now. It is simply not sustainable.   It is nice to talk about this discretionary program or that  discretionary program. The fundamental problem that we face is  mandatory spending. The chairwoman addresses it in her budget. We can  come back and build on what she does next year and continue to go after  the area that really unbalances the budget.   Mr. Chair, I urge the passage of the budget.   