 Mr. President, I am here today to join my colleague from  Indiana in support of the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett to be on the  U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. As we all know, that is  the highest court you can serve on, except for the Supreme Court. The  circuit court is the court that often makes the final determination of  what the law says if the Supreme Court chooses not to act or isn't  asked to act. These are important jobs to be filled and carry great  responsibility.   This week, Amy Coney Barrett, two other women, and one man will come  before this Senate to be confirmed to various circuit courts around the  country. As others have come to the floor to point out, she is  extremely qualified. She should be confirmed by the Senate this week.   In letters to the Senate Judiciary Committee, 73 law professors  agreed that ``Professor Barrett's qualifications for a seat on the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit are first rate.''   Her former law school students wrote that they would like to see her  on the court.   She is a distinguished scholar in areas of law that matter most to  the Federal courts. She respects the Constitution. She understands that  the job of a judge is to see what the Constitution and the law say,  rather than what she thinks they should say. She is known for her  careful work, for her fairminded disposition, and for her personal  integrity.   Similar things have been noted by people who served with her as  Supreme Court law clerks. Law clerks, her former students, and lots of  other groups that have had reason to know her and evaluate her work  over the years have been universal in one thing; that is, that she  would be a great addition to a circuit court in the United States and  particularly to this court.   It is discouraging that during her confirmation hearings, several of  my colleagues felt it appropriate to question Professor Barrett's  faith. She is not the only one of President Trump's nominees who have  been subject to this line of questioning. In fact, in June, one Senator  held out the idea that a person who was going to be in the Office of  Management and Budget might not be well suited or able to serve in that  job not because he didn't have the background, not because he didn't  have the preparation, not because he didn't know what the job was all  about but because of his answers to questions about his personal view  of faith.   Even when the United States, in its earlier times, may have quietly  discriminated against people of faith, it was never publicly stated.  Sometimes it took a long time for the first Jew to serve on the Court  and a little time for the first Catholic to serve on the Supreme Court,  but there was never a stated question like there has been in this  Senate about those topics. It is shocking, in many ways, that it would  be something we would be talking about in the United States of America  today.   The idea that a qualification for public office would require a  religious test, in fact, was specifically prohibited not just in the  Bill of Rights, in the protections for religion there, but in the  Constitution itself. The people who wrote the Constitution did so at a  time when a religious test was often the test for service and of fealty  to a specific religion or the tradition of fealty to the monarch, who  was the head of the church in that country. Many countries had a church  where the monarch was clearly understood to be the principal  representative of the church in that country. Even in a time when that  was still the case and fresh in their minds and when there may have  been religious tests in some of the colonies--even then--in the  Constitution, article VI says: ``No religious Test shall ever be  required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the  United States.''   So is it even appropriate to ask a religious question? Most questions  in America you are free to ask, but are you free to ask that under the  determination of the Constitution, as if it matters? In response to  this line of questioning, some members of the Senate Judiciary  Committee made it clear that it is never appropriate for those  questions to be asked, while others asked them. But Professor Barrett,  in her own writings, has said that if a person's religious faith or  their faith principles ever become an obstacle to determining what the  law says, then they should step back and not be a part of that case.  They should not, according to her, impose their personal convictions on  the law but read what the law says. If they can't do that, they should  make way for a judge who can. I think, maybe, that is one of the  differences in a judicial nominee who believes that their job is to  determine what the law says as opposed to determining what the law  should say.   So we have somebody here who is well prepared, well written, and who  has clearly made the case that her job as a judge--or any judge's job-- would not be to determine what the law should say based on their view  of faith or their view in the world but to look at the law and say:  What does the law say?   The Constitution guides the Congress. The Congress passes the law. As  long as that law meets constitutional principles based on what the  Constitution says--not what it should say, but what it says--then, the  judge looks at what the law says--not what it should say, in his or her  opinion, but what the law does say. So there is no real room for a  faith determination there. The only job of the judge is to decide what  the law says. The second job, if there is a second job, would be to  ensure that it also conforms to what the Constitution says the Congress  and the President are allowed to do.   One thing the Congress and the Constitution are not allowed to do is  to establish a religious test for public office. Whether Americans have  any faith or no faith at all, they should be concerned if we begin to  talk about this differently. Even though it was already in the  Constitution, the Founders listed freedom of religion as the first  freedom in the First Amendment. No other country has ever set out as  one of its foundational principles freedom of religion.   President Jefferson--not known to be the most religious of all of our  Presidents and maybe to be the most questioning of religion generally-- said in a letter in the last year of his Presidency that of all of the  rights that we have, the one we should hold most dear is what we called  the right of conscience--the right to believe what your conscience  leads you to believe is the right thing to believe. Jefferson said that  is the right we should hold most dear. Whether you are Muslim or Jewish  or Catholic or Buddhist or any other faith or no faith at all, there is  no religious test. For any individual and for all individuals of any  faith or all faiths or no faith, religious freedom includes the right  of an individual to live, to work, to associate, and, if they choose,  to worship in accordance with their beliefs.   The belief that a person's religion would in some way disqualify that  person from public service has to be strongly and fully rejected.   There is no other legitimate question raised about this nominee  today. So certainly I am pleased to see many of my colleagues come to  the floor to talk about this topic. Professor Barrett did receive some  bipartisan support on the cloture vote yesterday. One way to  demonstrate that there is clearly no objection to a person of faith,  who says that faith should never get in the way of the job they do as a  judge, is simply to vote for the judge.   I intend to do that today. I urge my colleagues to do that as well. A  lifetime appointment to the circuit court of the United States of  America is no small obligation. It is no small trust in an individual's  capacity to do the job that you ask them to do. All of the nominees-- the four circuit nominees whom we will have before us this week--are  prepared for these jobs. I wish them happy service and a long and  healthy life as they set out on the task that they have agreed to  accept, if and when they are confirmed, and this week the Senate will  confirm them to these jobs.  [[Page S6908]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   