 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1181, the  Veterans 2nd Amendment Protection Act. Our veterans should not lose  their right to bear arms and defend themselves and their families  simply because they receive health care from the VA and have someone  appointed to help them with their finances.   Currently, when a veteran appoints a fiduciary to help them manage  their VA benefits, the VA automatically adds the veteran's name to a  list that prevents them from purchasing a firearm. It makes no sense to  take away a veteran's constitutionally protected rights simply because  someone else is managing their finances.   Opponents of this bill argue that dangerous or suicidal veterans  could have easy access to guns if this VA process is stopped. However,  the program does not make any determination on veterans' mental health  or the dangers they pose to others. The VA system focuses only on  whether veterans receive assistance with their finances.   The right to bear arms is too important to deprive veterans of due  process without a judicial determination of whether the veteran poses a  threat to themselves or others. Those who defend our Nation, whether or  not they use a fiduciary to manage their benefits, are entitled to the  right to defend themselves.   I urge my colleagues to support this good bill.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Roe of Tennessee for  [[Page H2122]]  his leadership on this legislation and also for letting me speak.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1259, the VA Accountability  First Act. For years, my colleagues and I have fought hard to hold VA  bureaucrats accountable. The VA still lacks the ability to take swift  action against employees who prevent veterans from getting the benefits  that they have earned.   We should be able to terminate senior executives at failing hospitals  that force veterans to languish on secret wait lists. We should not  award bonuses to poorly performing employees who engage in misconduct,  and we shouldn't provide full retirement benefits to convicted  criminals whose crime harmed veterans.   We can't stop there. We must go further to pursue bold reform at the  VA. I look forward to working with Chairman Roe of Tennessee,  Chairwoman McMorris Rodgers, and others to pass the Caring for Our  Heroes in the 21st Century Act, which would finally empower veterans,  including the almost 100,000 in my congressional district in Colorado,  to make their own healthcare decisions.   Let's pass H.R. 1259 today. It is a good piece of legislation.   