 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for a few  minutes as in morning business.    Mr. President, my colleagues and I have been on this floor  for the last 7 years talking about the problems with ObamaCare and the  need to address them.   In the early days, when ObamaCare was still being cobbled together,  we talked about individuals losing their coverage. Promises were made  that if you liked the plan you had, you could keep it. That turned out  to be a broken promise.   In 2009 and 2010, we talked about premiums skyrocketing. Today, we  are still talking about it. Premiums are more than 100 percent higher  in Wyoming today than they were when the law was passed. Our insurer  has fortunately been more conservative in their approach. So premiums  didn't spike the way they did in other States.   I usually enjoy being right, but in this case, I am very sad to have  watched the worst possible scenario play out. Time after time,  President Obama was faced with problems in implementation and in  outcomes, and he would dismiss them by saying: ``It just needs more  time,'' or, as this cartoon shows, ``it just needs a tune up.''   We and the American people gave it time and money--specifically, 7  years and hundreds of billions of dollars. We are now left trying to  pick up the pieces of health insurance markets all across the country.   You can see here that this ambulance is ObamaCare. Behind it is its  engine and other key components, and they have completely fallen apart.  That is the private insurance market today. The part you don't see here  is that there is a patient in the back of this ambulance. This isn't  just about politics. This is about real people and whether they can  afford an insurance premium that is in some cases higher than their  rent or their mortgage payments each month.   Even before its passage, my Republican colleagues and I talked about  the danger that ObamaCare posed to private insurance markets.   Insurers have already left the market in droves. In Wyoming, we are  down to one carrier. We lost the others to the economics of ObamaCare,  and we will be lucky to keep the one we have. I know many people in our  country are going to be in the position of having no insurers offering  plans in their county.   How could this happen? It has happened because of politics being put  before patients and an unwillingness to take on the hard task of fixing  something that you have sold as the perfect solution.   I can tell you that healthcare isn't a simple issue. It is incredibly  complex and, really, there is no one right way to tackle it. I was the  ranking member of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee  when ObamaCare passed. We worked hard to find common ground. When it  became clear that there was not a reciprocal commitment to that from  our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, we did work hard to try  to stop it.   Now we are finally in a position to do so. We have a President in the  White House who is committed to repealing and replacing ObamaCare with  better care before more irreparable harm is done. Republicans have been  working on an approach that attempts to address both the short-term and  long-term problems caused by ObamaCare.   We have problems to solve right now. We are proposing to stabilize  insurance markets in the short term and to get insurance costs on a  more manageable trajectory over the longer term. We are striking at the  heart of ObamaCare by removing its mandates and taxes while putting  Medicaid on a more sustainable footing.   Doing this isn't easy. You may have read a little something about the  challenges of moving a healthcare bill forward, but the alternative is  to do what our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have done for  7 years and watch ObamaCare crater. We don't think that is the right  thing to do. We think we have an obligation, even if it is not an easy  vote, to salvage our insurance system.   Getting something done in Washington isn't always a pretty process,  but I am proud to be working with the women and men in my conference  who see that there is something larger at stake than themselves and who  know that sitting this out means more harm and, perhaps, harm that  can't be undone later.   I will keep working. I am committed to passing the best product that  we can deliver for the people of Wyoming and for our whole country. I  look forward to continuing to work together to repeal ObamaCare and  replace it with policies that will truly improve healthcare in America.  I hope my colleagues will join me in this worthy endeavor.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume consideration of the Bernhardt nomination.   