 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following my  5 minutes, the distinguished senior Senator from New Hampshire, Mrs.  Shaheen, be recognized for 5 minutes; and following Mrs. Shaheen, the  distinguished whip of the Republican Party, Mr. Cornyn, be recognized.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor with a labor of love  before the U.S. Senate. We are talking about confirmations of people  for Secretary positions on the Cabinet of the new President. We are  talking about all kinds of things. We are in a budget period of time.  We are talking about this year having two budgets--one we are going to  use early and one we are going to use late.   The truth is, since 1980, we haven't passed all 12 appropriations  bills in the year but twice. In other words, in the last 37 years, we  have only twice done our job that we ought to do every year. So 2 years  out of 37 we did it; 35 years we did not do it.   I am joining with the distinguished Senator from New Hampshire, a  great Governor of that State and now a great Member of the U.S. Senate,  to propound for the third Congress in a row an idea that is so simple  and so great that it works and it works for all the American people. It  is called a biennial budget process. What it does is it embraces a  discipline for how you budget to bring about the right solutions in  terms of what you do budget.   What the biennial budget process does is it says this. We would be  far better off if we had more oversight of spending, more authorization  projects, and more discipline in the way we spend money we are already  spending before we start appropriating more.   Therefore, in every even-numbered year, we ought to do oversight of  our spending, we ought to do accountability in our spending processes,  we ought to do accountability in our spending process, and we ought to  do no appropriations.   In our odd-numbered years, the nonelection years, is when you  appropriate. Every other year you are spending, and then every other  year you are doing accountability. What that causes is the cream to  rise to the top. All of a sudden in 1 year, instead of departments  coming to say we don't have time to oversight, we have to authorize  more, they come to you and say: Here is how we spent our money, here  are the savings we have found, and here is how we want to move forward  in a more efficient way.   It is a little bit like my kitchen table and my family. All the way  through my 49 years of marriage, my wife and I and our kids have sat  around the kitchen table, decided what our family priorities are, from  our vacations to our jobs, and then we budget our money for that year  so we can pay our bills, enjoy the time we had together, and end up not  being broke at the of the year.   What happens when you don't do that and you are a government is you  end up owing $19 trillion and don't know how to pay for it. We cannot  continue to spend at the escalated rate that we are spending without  more accountability on the process so I think the biennial process is  the right way to go.   There is some documentation for that. The distinguished Senator from  New Hampshire was a Governor of her State who had a biennial budget,  but 19 of the 50 States have biennial budgets already. They work, and  they work fine. They give them the luxury of doing what we don't do in  Washington, they give them the luxury of having the time to study their  appropriations, find savings in existing taxation before they start  raising anybody's taxes or appropriating anymore.   It is a simple, disciplined way to go about the business of spending  the people's money in the same way they make their determination.   I ran a pretty large company for 19 years and was in business for 35  years before I came to Congress. I know that running a business is  hard, but it is not hard because it is complex; it is hard because it  is tough. Prioritizing your appropriations is tough business.  [[Page S842]]  Somebody has to do it, and the people who are elected to the Congress  of the United States are elected to do that job.   I am proud to join Senator Shaheen on the floor today and urge all  Members to vote for a biennial budget process in the Congress of the  United States. I remind everyone in the room that we had this vote a  few years ago as a test vote on an all-night vote-arama on the budget,  and we got 72 votes, if I remember correctly, in favor of the biennial  budget. We have had past Budget Committee chairmen vote in favor of the  biennial budget.   We have had people from the majority and the minority vote for it.  The fact is, it is a good idea whose time has come. I am pleased to  join Senator Shaheen from New Hampshire and plead to the Members of the  U.S. Senate to do what we ask the American people to do. Let's  prioritize the way we spend our money, find savings where we can, and  run a more efficient, more honest government, and a more transparent  government for all.   Mr. President, I yield to the distinguished Senator from New  Hampshire.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.   