 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in honor of Law Day earlier  this week, May 1. Law Day is an annual tradition that is celebrated  around the United States, usually at local bar association luncheons.  It has been a tradition for over 40 years as a day to recognize the  rule of law. The 2017 theme for Law Day was the 14th Amendment--a post- Civil War amendment, which for the first time in the Constitution  defined what an American citizen was, the definition of citizenship,  but it also provided a protection for all citizens as an entitlement to  the privileges and immunities of all the laws in all the States, and  all persons were entitled to equal protection of the laws, as well as  no deprivation of life, liberty, and property without due process. It  is a powerful and important amendment to the Constitution.   I want to talk about Law Day because there is a matter that is soon  to be pending before the body: a proposal in President Trump's fiscal  year 2018 budget to eliminate funding for the Legal Services  Corporation, the effort that was begun more than four decades ago to  try to provide free legal services for indigent people on matters in  the civil courts that could affect their lives, liberty or property.   I will say, I am standing here as an attorney who practiced for 17  years and practiced with Central Virginia Legal Aid and saw the value  of their work. I am familiar with their work across the Commonwealth  and country, and I also have a bit of a personal bias that I have to  disclose. My wife Anne was a Legal Aid lawyer from 1984 until 1998--14  years' worth of Central Virginia Legal Aid Society, trying cases, big  and small, but also doing something I will use as a theme in my  comments. She helped start an award-winning program at Central Virginia  Legal Aid to get private lawyers to do voluntary work for indigent  clients.   Legal Aid operates like small law firms in all these communities, but  much of what they do is not just represent people in court. They bring  private attorneys in who are willing to volunteer and provide them the  training in cases like housing cases and others that might not normally  be part of their practice. The Legal Services Corporation is very  critical to the vindication of rights. There is an engraving over the  Supreme Court Building across the street: ``Equal Justice Under Law.''  That is supposed to mean equal justice regardless of who you are, your  gender, your race, your national origin but also whether or not you can  pay. The article III branch, just like the article I or article II  branches, is supposed to be open to all. So Legal Services Corporation  is critical to providing legal services to people who otherwise  wouldn't be able to pay it: elderly, veterans, low-income families,  disabled Americans, victims of domestic violence. It does so on a  fairly miniscule Federal budget.   The entire funding for legal services is less than one ten- thousandths of the Federal budget. Yet President Trump is proposing to  eliminate it. Legal Services Corporation maintains 133 independent  nonprofit programs in every State. My colleague from Maine was an  attorney with one of those programs and is on the floor today. It funds  the operation for 903 separate offices in the country. They served 1.8  million people in 2015. Of the nearly 756,000 cases that they  successfully worked on and closed that year, 129,000 of the clients  were people over age 60. More than 500,000 of the clients were females.  Women comprised 70 percent of the Legal Services Corporation client  base and 116,000 of the cases were cases about domestic violence. The  offices around the country did as my wife's office did--they relied on  these private attorneys, bringing in and training more than 91,000  private sector attorneys who volunteered during 2015 to help a Legal  Aid client working with a local office, and they continue to do more.   They partnered recently with Microsoft to develop Pro Bono Net, a  statewide legal portal for individuals to obtain direct legal  assistance specific to their needs. They established the Leaders  Council, comprised of leaders, not necessarily leaders in the legal  community but others to promote the value of what they do. LSC in 2016  launched the Rural Summer Legal Corps--30 law students working in rural  areas to address challenges these communities encounter.   It goes about its mission in an apolitical manner. Legal Services  Corporation is not allowed to lobby. It works in blue and red States,  works in urban and rural communities. It works everywhere and for  everybody. The legal community is strongly in support of the  continuance of the Legal Services Corporation--the American Bar  Association and most State bars. In Virginia, just in Virginia, seven  statewide bar associations have pledged their support for the  continuation of Legal Aid. Many of them visited me in my office last  week: Virginia State Bar, Virginia Bar Association, Virginia Trial  Lawyers Association, Virginia Association of Defense Attorneys, Old  Dominion Bar Association, Virginia Women's Attorneys Association, and  the Virginia Hispanic Bar Association. And 160 of the Nation's top law  firms have urged this body and urged the White House not to defund  Legal Aid, and 185 general counsel's offices from preeminent American  companies--Disney, HP, American Express, and GE--have weighed in and  said we need Legal Aid.   Many of Legal Aid's clients in Virginia are veterans because we are  home to such a huge number of Active-Duty servicemembers, their  families, and veterans. LSC helps veterans, Active-Duty military and  their families access housing, deal with consumer financial challenges,  or deceptive trade practices. Central Virginia Legal Aid recently dealt  with a client, an elderly disabled veteran, who received a notice of  involuntary transfer or discharge because an insurance company  determined that his health had stabilized, despite the fact he was not  even ambulatory and incontinent as well. Central Virginia Legal Aid  worked with his insurance company to demonstrate this veteran had  continuing physical needs, and he needed to have in-home care without  further burdening his family, and were able to find a resolution. This  is the kind of case that Legal Aid works on every day.   In conclusion, I want to say this. The budget proposal that we will  grapple with--my colleague from Maine, who is here, is on the Budget  Committee, as well--proposes to eliminate funding for Legal Aid. That  would be a very bad idea. It would not help the economy. It would hurt  vulnerable people who have nowhere else to turn. I was in the  Shenandoah Valley at a senior center about 10 days ago. This was the  story that a local Legal Aid lawyer put on the table, as I conclude. A  90-year-old woman in Waynesboro, VA, was ripped off by a traveling  salesmen who sold her $10,000 of frozen meat she could not afford-- virtually all of her savings. She realized very quickly she had been  bamboozled by a fast-talking salesman: Why did I do this? I can't  afford it, but I have given him my money. What do I do? This is the  kind of case no private lawyer will take. You are not going to be able  to get a legal fee for this. This is the kind of case that involves  knowledge of particular consumer protection statutes that Legal Aid is  well trained to do. And the Legal Aid lawyer who was representing this  90-year-old woman who had been ripped off by somebody said: Look, if I  wasn't here for this person, nobody would be here. And that is what you  get when you get Legal Aid. That is what you would lose if the Legal  Aid was defunded.   I just put it on the table to my colleagues. Many in this Chamber are  attorneys. Many have worked directly with Legal Aid offices in their  States around this country and know the value of the program. We need  to make  [[Page S2695]]  sure this program continues. In honor of Law Day this week, I just want  to say, I hope my colleagues will join me in my effort.    I will be glad to yield.    Madam President, might I respond to my colleague?    I honor his service at Pine Tree Legal Assistance in  Maine. We take a little bit of pride in it because he probably got a  good orientation to be a great public servant by going to the  University of Virginia Law School. None of the Virginia Senators were  smart enough to get into the University of Virginia, but our Maine  Senator was.   The Senator talks about it as related to our constitutional system.  We have three branches. There is an article I branch, the legislative  branch. People can participate in the article I branch by voting for  Members of Congress or Senators. The article II branch is the executive  branch. People can participate in the executive branch by voting. There  used to be poll taxes. You could not participate if you could not pay  something. Those were stricken down so everyone can participate.   The article III branch is supposed to be coequal, the judiciary. If  you are on trial for a criminal offense, under many circumstances, you  are entitled, constitutionally, to have an appointed attorney. But what  about a civil case? What if you are threatened with the termination of  your rights as a parent to ever see your child again? That is a civil  case.   You are not entitled constitutionally to have an appointed attorney.  But it is those kinds of cases where legal services comes in and  provides an opportunity for people to participate in the article III  branch.   We should not have a branch of government and block people from  participating in it, without the ability to receive assistance of  counsel on matters dear to your life. You are essentially blocked from  participation in one of the three branches of government. That is why  this is so important.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   