 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 71, the fiscal  year 2018 budget resolution. This bill makes necessary and responsible  funding determinations by reducing the size and scope of government,  cutting Federal spending by $5.4 trillion over 10 years, and balancing  the Federal budget in fiscal year 2027.   Given our Nation's more than $20 trillion in debt, it is past time to  get serious about our Federal spending so that important programs are  able to be sustained long term. In addition, this bill sets the stage  for much-needed tax reform. Small businesses and farmers are the  bedrock of the American economy. For decades, we have allowed our Tax  Code to balloon with loopholes and tax breaks for special interests,  hurting our local economies and middle class workers.   That is why it is so crucial that we pass this commonsense budget as  the first step in reforming our Nation's outdated Tax Code. Our current  system continues to fail small business owners, farmers, and middle  class families with its overwhelmingly complex system. That is why over  90 percent of Americans have to pay for help with filing their taxes  every year.   Not only does this cost people their hard-earned money, but this also  costs us our valuable time. Every year we  [[Page H7797]]  spend a combined 8.9 billion hours filing our taxes. That is time we  could be using to focus on our work and families. For businesses, that  is time they could use for expanding and growing our economy.   The solution here is not to defend the status quo, as some on the  other side of the aisle continue to do, but to simplify our Tax Code  and lower the rates for businesses and the middle class.   Another crucial part of reforming our Tax Code must be the  elimination of the death tax, which harms farmers like those in the  18th Congressional District of Illinois. Family-owned businesses and  farms that use their hard-earned dollars to invest back in their  businesses are often forced to sell off parts or all in order to pay  the death tax.   There is nothing fair about penalizing our job creators and the  drivers of our economy for investing in and growing their business. In  fact, it is estimated that repealing the death tax would grow our  economy by 0.9 percent over 10 years.    These small business investments are often necessary for small  businesses and farmers who depend upon expensive machinery to earn  their living. Our current Tax Code, however, encourages businessowners  to put off their investments as they are only able to deduct the cost  of equipment over many years. By allowing full expensing, businesses  and farmers can fully invest in the tools they need to become more  productive, all the while earning more savings.   According to the Tax Foundation, full expensing would save businesses  money, leading to nearly a 5 percent increase in income for low- and  middle-income workers.    Mr. Chair, tax reform is about getting our economy back  to working for the middle class, and for our small businesses, growing  it from the inside out. This budget is the necessary first step in that  process, and I am proud to support it. It will help bring relief to  those who need it most.   