 Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the  conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal  Year 2018. This legislation is the culmination of months of bipartisan  work. I want to thank my friend, the Senator from Rhode Island, as well  as our colleagues in the House of Representatives, Mac Thornberry and  Adam Smith, and the  [[Page S7277]]  dozens of members who served on the conference committee for their hard  work and collaboration during this process. Together, we worked hard to  negotiate the differences between the House and Senate versions of this  bill, and the result is a piece of legislation that should make all  Senators--and all Americans--proud.   The fundamental purpose of the National Defense Authorization Act is  to provide our Armed Forces with the resources, training, and equipment  they need to keep us safe. We should consider this our highest duty and  our greatest honor, to keep faith with the brave Americans who serve  and sacrifice on our behalf.   To do that, the NDAA authorizes funding, advances policies, and  requires reforms that will support our men and women in uniform, but  before I discuss the many laudable aspects of this legislation, let me  lament for a moment the developments that have unfolded in recent days  and delayed this important legislation.   This delay concerns a provision in the defense bill to get our  military emergency approval to use new lifesaving medicines on the  battlefield. This provision was included in the original Senate version  of this legislation that has been publicly available for several  months, and it was included in this conference report with strong  bipartisan and bicameral support. For years, the Department of Defense  has struggled in vain to gain approval by the Food and Drug  Administration for certain vital medical products, such as freeze-dried  plasma, for use by our troops on the battlefield. Because the FDA  failed to act time and again, the Senate Armed Services Committee did,  and we received strong support from our House colleagues.   It is outrageous that the National Defense Authorization Act has been  held hostage by the desire to pass a separate piece of legislation to  address this issue differently than this conference report. That  separate legislation was the product of a compromise between the DOD  and the FDA, to which neither the Senator from Rhode Island nor I was a  party. Our preferred solution remains our original one.   Yesterday, the Senator from Rhode Island and I received a letter from  the FDA Commissioner, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, expressing his personal  commitment to approve the use of freeze-dried plasma for battlefield  use by our troops. He has also pledged to establish a new process for  expedited consideration of the DOD's future emergency medical requests.  This did not happen by accident. It happened because we acted and  because we exposed the unacceptable ways in which the FDA has been  failing our men and women in uniform for far too long.   Dr. Gottlieb was only confirmed as FDA Commissioner in May, and we  intend to hold him fully accountable for making good on his commitment,  including through continued oversight by the Senate Armed Services  Committee. However, if we are not satisfied that this new DOD-FDA  compromise has fixed the problem, the Senate Armed Services Committee  will take action through the NDAA next year. I know that the chairman  and ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee have expressed  that same commitment. We owe nothing less to our men and women in  uniform, who deserve our help in saving lives on the battlefield.   Ultimately, that is the goal of every provision of the National  Defense Authorization Act--to protect our brave servicemembers, here at  home and around the world. The NDAA authorizes funding to rebuild our  military and allow the Defense Department to embark on an ambitious  program of modernization that is desperately needed and long overdue.  The NDAA authorizes the acquisition of ships, aircraft, and equipment  above and beyond the administration's request. It provides funding for  an increase in end strength across all services, laying the groundwork  for a total force, ready and capable of rising to the challenges of a  world where threats are on the rise.   The NDAA builds on the reforms this Congress has passed in recent  years, continuing efforts to reorganize the Department of Defense, spur  innovation in defense technology, and improve acquisition and business  operations to strengthen accountability and streamline the process of  getting our warfighters what they need to succeed. It prioritizes  accountability from the Department and demands the best use of every  taxpayer dollar.   This legislation also authorizes funding for our missile defense  systems to protect against rising threats. It makes important efforts  to correct the dangerous lack of an effective strategy and policy for  the information domain, including cyber, space, and electronic warfare.   The NDAA authorizes a 2.4 percent pay raise for our troops, which is  the largest in many years, and it includes several provisions to  improve quality of life for our men and women in uniform. In  particular, the legislation continues committee's efforts to protect  our servicemembers from sexual assault and sexual harassment. There is  more work to be done, and the committee will continue to conduct  oversight and hold hearings to address these important issues.   In total, the National Defense Authorization Act supports a defense  budget of $700 billion for fiscal year 2018. This exceeds the  administration's request by $26 billion. It also exceeds the defense  spending caps in the Budget Control Act by $85 billion.   Earlier this week, 356 Members of the House of Representatives voted  in favor of this spending level. This afternoon, an overwhelming  majority of this body will do the same. Let this serve as a reminder of  the troubling state of our military today and an acknowledgement that  the Budget Control Act-level of defense spending is insufficient and  unacceptable.   My friends, for too long, our Nation has asked our men and women in  uniform to do too much with far too little. Our military's job is hard  enough, but we are making it harder through continuing resolutions,  unpredictable funding, and arbitrary spending caps that were put into  law 6 years ago--before the rise of ISIS, before the current crisis  with North Korea, before Russia's return to aggression on the world  stage, and before so many other dangerous developments.   We have been warned that we cannot go on like this. Earlier this  year, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford,  warned us, ``In just a few years if we don't change the trajectory, we  will lose our qualitative and our quantitative competitive advantage,  [and] the consequences will be profound.'' Secretary of Defense Jim  Mattis also warned us, saying, ``We are no longer managing risk; we are  now gambling.''   We are gambling with risk, and we are gambling with lives. Today more  of our men and women in uniform are being killed in totally avoidable  training accidents and routine operations than by our enemies in  combat.   My friends, it doesn't have to be this way. The NDAA shows us what we  could do with an adequate level of defense spending, what we could  provide for our men and women in uniform, but this legislation is only  part of the solution. As of yet, we still have no path to actually  appropriate the money that we are about to authorize. That requires a  bipartisan agreement to adjust the spending caps in the Budget Control  Act.   As we join our colleagues in the House in voting to support $700  billion for defense, let this serve as a guidepost for our leaders in  Congress and the White House as they negotiate a budget deal. This is  the spending level that an overwhelming majority of both the House and  the Senate believes is necessary to meet current threats and to keep  faith with our men and women in uniform. After we vote to authorize  these vital, additional resources for our military, we must all demand  a bipartisan agreement so that we can appropriate those resources.   This will require hard work and tough choices, and it will demand  that we have the courage of our convictions, but in the end, this will  require much less of us than what we ask of from our men and women in  uniform. As they so dutifully sacrifice for us every day, let us do our  part and fulfill our duties to them and to the Nation they serve.   Mr. LEAHY Mr. President, the fiscal year 2018 National Defense  Authorization Act, while laudable in its goals, does not comport with  reality. At roughly $700 billion, the proposed base funding in this  bill is $85 billion above budget caps that are set in law for Fiscal  Year 2018 in the Budget Control  [[Page S7278]]  Act, BCA, and $31 billion above the administration's budget request. If  the authorized funding level were to be appropriated, without changing  the caps, it would trigger a 12-percent across-the-board sequester of  Defense programs to bring spending levels back to the Fiscal Year 2018  levels contained in the Budget Control Act. A sequester of this size  would hit us in readiness. It would hamper our day-to-day operations  and maintenance. It would hurt our troops. Our military leaders do not  support such a sequester.   If we really want to support our military and the men and women in  uniform, we must immediately reach a bipartisan budget deal to lift the  artificial and unrealistically low budget caps that were set in law in  2011. It is hard to get every Member of this Chamber to agree on  anything, but on this, we can agree: Sequester has had a negative  impact on our country that will impact a generation. We need to have an  honest conversation about what the needs of our country are, both in  military and domestic spending, and draft our spending bills  accordingly.   I do appreciate the work that Senator McCain and Senator Reed have  put into this massive legislation. While my concerns with the funding  levels authorized in this bill prevent me from supporting it, I do  believe it reflects a strong commitment to the programs and policies  that support our service members and their families. That must always  be our goal.   I am pleased that the conferenced bill maintains support for medical  research that matter so much to our servicemembers and to all Americans  who benefit from the lifesaving results made possible through these  programs. I am also grateful for the inclusion of language I authored  that would pave the way for piloting a preventative mental health  program for our National Guard and Reserve. Like physical health, we  know that, with particular training and mental preparation, a person  can be more resilient mentally when faced with challenges, and building  that readiness is necessary to maintain the all-volunteer force.  Progress is already being made with shifting to a preventative model in  the Special Forces community. I hope to soon see similar progress in  developing models for the members of our Guard and Reserve.   This final bill also includes several amendments I proposed to make  sure U.S. efforts, especially in Afghanistan, are consistent with U.S.  values. These include a provision aimed at improving the way the  Departments of Defense and State provide human rights training to  partner forces, and a requirement to establish a plan on how to improve  our ability to help foreign governments protect civilians. The final  bill also authorizes establishment of a position in the Department of  Defense to oversee its implementation of and coordination with the  Department of State on the Leahy law for human rights vetting for  Afghan security forces.   In 3 weeks and 1 day, the current resolution funding our government  will expire; yet, instead of sitting down with Democrats to work  together, just as we did earlier this year to enact the fiscal year  2017 omnibus spending bill, to find a path forward to raise the budget  caps and fund our government for the rest of the fiscal year,  Republicans are focused on a tax cut bill that will add $1.5 trillion  to the debt. Instead of acting responsibly and in the greatest  traditions of the Senate, the majority is marching towards another  partisan fight on the floor on a deeply flawed tax bill that will  impact every corner of our economy.   Let's get to work for the American people. For months, have been  calling for a bipartisan budget deal to lift the caps on both sides for  both defense and nondefense programs based on parity. It is time to  complete those negotiations. We owe it to the men and women who serve.  We owe it to the American people.   