 Mr. Speaker, let me tell you a story. It is a story about  an African-American single mother, two kids, living in south Philly.  After twice being the victim of muggings, she decides to go out and  legally purchase a firearm to protect herself, gets trained with her  weapon, and applies for a concealed carry permit.   Sometime thereafter, she crossed the State line into New Jersey and,  at a routine traffic stop, did exactly as she was trained; handed her  driver's license and her concealed carry permit to the police officer  and let him know that she had a pistol in her purse.   What she didn't know is that the State of New Jersey doesn't  recognize the concealed carry permits of their neighbor in  Pennsylvania. And so this poor single mother, who has never had a brush  with the law, spent almost 50 days in jail and was looking at 10 years  in prison.   Are you serious? We have to make sure that never happens again.   The other side today is going to argue that we are violating States'  rights with this legislation; but Article IV, section 1, the full faith  and credit clause of the Constitution, says very clearly that every  State should give the full faith and credit to the judicial proceedings  and documents of every other State, and that Congress has a  responsibility to determine how those documents will be recognized.   That is why a driver's license is recognized in every State. That is  why, if I get married in North Carolina but I move to Arizona, I am not  a single man again. They recognize that marriage. That is why divorce  decrees are recognized in every State. The concealed carry permit  should be recognized the same way.   But this is not trampling States' rights, because States can still  determine what can be carried, where it can be carried. They can set  any kind of limits they want about how weapons are carried in their  municipalities or their States.   For example, if you visit the State of New York, they have a limit on  the size of a magazine on a pistol. You have got to follow that law. If  they want to set restrictions about places where you can't carry, even  with this legislation, that law would have to be followed. The States  retain this right, just like a driver's license.   The other side is also going to stand up and claim all kinds of  doomsday scenarios about how we are going to increase crime; we are  going to increase the number of weapons out there; we are going to turn  the cities into the Wild West.   I find it ironic that we are being lectured to by people from big  cities with a lot of gun control measures but have some of the worst  crime in the Nation. They are worried about people coming from other  places where we don't have crime. I think that is ironic.    But the truth is, over half the States already recognize permits from  every other State; 19 States, in fact, already do this. States and  municipalities, as I mentioned, retain the right to restrict where guns  are carried in their communities, even under this legislation.   And if you look at the empirical evidence, places where you have  concealed carry, even constitutional carry, when you instituted this  right, violent crime went down. Gun crime went down. You have seen less  crime, not more crime.  [[Page H9690]]    There was actually a study done in Florida and Texas, and it showed  that off-duty police officers commit crimes more than concealed carry  permit holders. Think about that. Police officers don't commit crimes  very often, but even they commit crimes more than concealed carry  permit holders. These are not the people we are worried about. These  are not the violent criminals that we are worried about in our cities.   This is a commonsense measure that upholds our constitutional right.  It makes sure that a law-abiding citizen, trying to do the right thing,  doesn't become a criminal simply because they cross that line.   So for every freedom-loving American who exercises their Second  Amendment right, today is your day. To the 73 percent of Americans who  support concealed carry, today is your day. To the 15 million concealed  carry permit holders out there, today is your day. And finally, to the  single mothers out there who just want to protect themselves and their  families, today is your day.   I thank the chairman for his leadership on this. I ask my colleagues  to join me in supporting this commonsense legislation.   