 Mr. President, in just a few minutes we are going to vote  on a bill that probably will not get a lot of attention in Washington.  No cable news shows are going to give it breaking alerts, headlines.  Roundtables of pundits will not be gathering to scream about it, and  partisans are not going to score the bill.   It is a straightforward bill with a straightforward purpose--to  ensure that the Government Accountability Office can tap into the data  at the Department of Health and Human Services. But in this case, looks  can be deceiving. The GAO Oversight and Access Act of 2017, which I  introduced together with Senator Tester 1 year ago, represents a  significant victory for taxpayers.   Its impact won't be felt tomorrow in Washington, but over many years  to come, taxpayers from Nebraska and across the country will see how  passing this legislation played a role in forcing Congress to address  some of the biggest problems that our government faces. Let's step back  for a moment and understand why. What is the problem?   The Federal Government has a very serious budget problem. This isn't  news to anyone who has been paying attention. It is not even something  about which Democrats and Republicans disagree. We may not often agree  on solutions, but we can and should agree to clearly identify the  problems that the government and, therefore, our people face. Some of  the problems are very big--so big, in fact, that it is hard to even  wrap our minds around how large the numbers are, like the fact that  last year this government spent $587 billion more than all it collected  in taxes. Consider how big $587 billion is.   National defense is the first and fundamental reason that the Federal  Government exists. Last year we spent $595 billion on all of our  national security or in the entire defense budget. When Ronald Reagan  was sworn into office, the entire Federal budget was $590 billion. Now  that is what we are borrowing annually.   Or look at it this way. Historically, the amount we borrowed last  year was bigger than every Federal budget for the first 160 years of  the Nation--combined. That is, if you added up every dollar that the  government spent from 1789 through 1950, it would still be less than  the $587 billion that we overspent and therefore borrowed just last  year. The former number got us through the Civil War, two world wars,  and the Great Depression.   Some of our problems are actually relatively small, but they  ultimately add up to something big. Just look at some of the stuff  Senator Flake dug up in this year's ``Wastebook'' report or what  Senator Lankford put in his report this year entitled ``Federal  Fumbles.'' The Commerce Department gave $1.7 million to the National  Comedy Museum to resurrect dead comedians using holograms. Also,  $70,000 of our taxpayers' money went to a Minnesota theater to put  together an opera of Steven King's ``The Shining.'' And $17,000 was  spent for people to wear fat suits to learn sensitivity to those with  weight problems. These things are tiny individually, but when you put  them together, they add up to a lot of our budget.   Expert after expert testifies before our committees that this is  unsustainable. We all know this cannot go on forever. At some point,  the government's borrowing and overspending ways will catch up with us  and we will have a Greek-style debt crisis.   Congress needs to begin acting now to fix the government's structural  problems--chiefly in the entitlement programs, for those are the  spending categories whose trajectories dwarf all others.   All of this gets to the central problem that the bill we are  considering this afternoon was designed to solve--namely, that Congress  is flying blind when it comes to overseeing huge portions of our  budget, and therefore we don't have the information we need to fix  these problems.   The portion in particular I have in mind is the means-tested  entitlement programs and the tax credits program. These include  Medicaid; the earned-income tax credit, or EITC; the Supplemental  Security Income--or disability--Program; food stamps; and Pell grants.  All of these were designed to assist our low-income friends and  neighbors. All of them together absorb a significant part of today's  Federal budget.   As of right now, $1 in every $6 we spend is on only 10 means-tested  programs and tax credits like the ones just listed, according to the  CBO, but because of an anomaly in the law, Congress has been blocked  from getting the best information that is available about how these  programs are actually working or not working. What do I mean by that?  For years, the Government Accountability Office--the GAO, the agency  that is supposed to be the taxpayers' watchdog because it is supposed  to hunt down waste and expose  [[Page S334]]  abuses--has been trying to gain access to a database at the Department  of Health and Human Services called the National Directory of New  Hires. The new hires database was created in 1996 to help enforce child  support payments, and in order to do that, it collected some basic  information--basically, who has a job, where they work, whom they work  for, and how much they make.   The GAO's interest in this data should be pretty obvious. If it could  compare the information in the database to the information in the  means-tested programs, it could easily spot fraud, waste, and  mismanagement. For instance, if a program's rules say that to qualify  for benefits, a person needs to earn less than a certain amount of  income annually, GAO would be able to use the database to see if the  program is actually operating as designed and then issue reports to  Congress. This is exactly the kind of thing that the GAO does across  all other Federal programs and that Congress routinely uses the GAO  for--to take their recommendations to figure out how we should reform  programs that are failing. Only in this case, HHS has blocked the GAO  from accessing the database.   Again, these are the biggest categories of Federal spending. The  place the GAO has not been able to do its work is in the places where  we are spending the most money. It is classic Washington--bureaucracy  blocking oversight for taxpayers. It is not always malicious, but this  is definitely wrong.   HHS has argued that when Congress created the new hires database, it  didn't expressly give the GAO permission to look at this data, and so  its hands are tied. GAO countered that Congress had previously given  blanket permission to the GAO to access all Federal records many years  prior.   Many in Congress believed that the law was clear and that GAO is  entitled to this entitlement data under the law, but HHS has refused to  budge, and the argument stalemated. The result has been the status quo,  with GAO repeatedly requesting data and HHS steadfastly refusing to  grant them access to the data, which means they have refused to grant  us access to the data.   The GAO Access and Oversight Act of 2017 was introduced to settle  this legal dispute between GAO and HHS once and for all in GAO's favor  or, better, in the taxpayers' favor. In short, today's bill ensures  that the GAO will have full access to the data in the national  directory. By doing so, it will ensure for the first time that GAO has  a key tool it needs to oversee some of the government's largest  spending categories.   This bill does two additional things as well. No. 1, it clarifies  that GAO does have standing in court to fight for Federal records the  next time a Federal agency tries to deny the GAO--and therefore us-- access to that data; and No. 2, it requires the GAO to let all relevant  congressional committees know when it issues reports in their  jurisdiction.    We are now on the doorstep of hopefully passing this legislation  today, which has rightly gotten a lot of support in Congress. When it  passes the Senate tonight, it will head straight to the President's  desk for figure. Last year, it passed the House by a vote of 403 to 0,  and the only reason it failed to pass the Senate was because of an  anonymous hold.   In response, the House of Representatives took up this legislation as  one of its first pieces of business and sent it over to the Senate 2  weeks ago, on January 4, moving just as quickly. It is a pleasure that  the Presiding Officer today happens to be the chairman of the relevant  committee that moved so quickly. Chairman Johnson and his new ranking  member, Claire McCaskill, immediately took up this legislation and  moved it through the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs, for both the chairman--the Presiding Officer today--and  Senator McCaskill, the champions of oversight of the GAO. I thank the  Presiding Officer, the chairman of the committee, for his leadership.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill tonight. It is  appropriate that one of the first bills of this new Congress will be  one to strengthen the authority of the GAO because by strengthening the  powers of the GAO, what we are really doing is strengthening the  Congress.   There has been lots of talk around here on both sides of the aisle  about the needs to reclaim Congress's article I power. Across the 240  years of this Nation--or 226 years since the Constitution; 227 as I do  the math here in my head--the Congress is at a fairly weak point in  history, and we should be strengthening the article I branch of the  Constitution.   One obvious important way to strengthen the powers of the Congress  and therefore the accountability that we all have to the American  people is by doing better oversight. Conducting hard-hitting but fair  oversight of the executive branch agencies is how we protect the  separation of powers, and it is how we guard the taxpayers' funds, how  we guard the wallet of the people. It is the Congress's job to write  the laws and to control the purse strings, and it is the President's  job to faithfully execute the laws. Good oversight gives the Congress  the information we need to do our job and to ensure that the executive  agencies are doing theirs. There is no better friend of the Congress in  this regard than the Government Accountability Office. GAO is not  simply another agency of a big government; the GAO is a part of the  legislative branch, and it works hard to give Congress world-class  insights into the operations of the other two branches. GAO is  thorough, independent, and respected for its judgments by people of  either party and no party at all.   I am deeply proud to see that Senator Tester has joined us on the  floor, for he and I were the original sponsors of this bill. It is a  pleasure that tonight we will be giving the GAO the tools it needs for  oversight and therefore for our oversight.   It would only be natural, at the start of a new administration and a  change of party in the executive branch, for Democrats to become more  interested in oversight and Republicans to become less so. May that not  be the case. I am hopeful that oversight will remain a top priority for  Members on both sides of the aisle. None of us came here to be partisan  cheerleaders. We came here to exercise the functions of this office on  behalf of the people in our States and across this Nation. It is  therefore encouraging tonight, even as a new administration is about to  begin in 3 days, that Congress will be asserting its constitutional  right to oversight with a big bipartisan vote.   I want to thank my partner on the bill, Jon Tester of Montana, who  will speak next. When we first heard about this issue together during  briefings and committee hearings, we immediately realized that  something was wrong, that the GAO had been handcuffed and not able to  access this data, and we committed to each other to make sure something  was done about it.   I would also like to name the other original cosponsors of this bill,  including Ron Johnson, Claire McCaskill, Tom Carper, Mike Enzi, Brian  Schatz, Mike Lee, Tammy Baldwin, David Perdue, Joni Ernst, Jim Risch,  Steve Daines, Tammy Duckworth, John McCain, Thom Tillis, Todd Young,  Rob Portman, and James Lankford.   Finally, I wish to thank our House partners, including Representative  Buddy Carter, Chairman Jason Chaffetz, and Ranking Member Elijah  Cummings.   Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I reserve the remainder of my  time.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all remaining  debate time on H.R. 72 be yielded back.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   