 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, EPA's brownfields program has changed the way  contaminated property is perceived, addressed, and managed. I was proud  to work with the late Republican Congressman Paul Gillmor in creating  the brownfields program back in 2002, and I am proud to be here once  again today as we bring up a bipartisan reauthorization of this law.   I want to thank our Environment Subcommittee, Chairman Shimkus,  Ranking Member Tonko, our full committee chairman, Mr. Walden, for all  their work in getting us to this point today, and, also, my colleagues  on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.   By almost any metric, the brownfields program has been a remarkable  success. Since the program's inception, more than 27,000 contaminated  sites have been assessed or remediated, allowing communities to create  new developments.   Removing public health hazards by cleaning up contaminated sites is  incredibly important for the surrounding communities. With financial  help from the Federal Government, communities can clean up contaminated  sites and prepare them for development for parks, commerce, housing, or  a number of other uses that can benefit a local community.   The EPA has found that cleaning up underutilized or abandoned  brownfields properties reduces health risks, decreases pollution, and  reduces storm water runoff. But this is not just a program that  provides environmental benefits. It is a job creator that primes the  pump for local investment and development. All told, the brownfields  program has leveraged over $45 billion in investments surrounding these  sites and almost 130,000 jobs, which is a stunning return on the  Federal Government's modest investment in the program.   Simply put, it provides tremendous value to the Federal Government  and a boost to the economy in local communities. The brownfields  program has been an incredibly important tool for protecting public  health and spurring economic growth in New Jersey and throughout the  country.   The original authorization for the program expired in 2006, and while  Congress has continued to appropriate resources for the program,  funding has declined. Last year, there was a question as to whether the  President would request any funding for this important program.   So it is important that we reauthorize the brownfields program. I  stress the need for continued funding. H.R. 3017 is a bipartisan bill  that reauthorizes the program until 2022, at $200 million annually, and  reinstates a $50 million annual authorization for grants to assist  States and Native American Tribes. And it makes important reforms to  improve the flexibility of the brownfields program: authorizing  multipurpose grants; raising the limits for grants per site; and  removing some funding caps in current law.   Mr. Speaker, the bill also allows EPA to reserve as much as $1.5  million in brownfields funding each year to assist small communities,  Tribes, and rural or disadvantaged areas. Grants could be used for  training, research, and technical assistance. Additionally, H.R. 3017  would require the EPA to consider the potential for renewable energy  production when ranking applications for brownfields grants to  incentivize green energy projects.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is a compromise. I would have liked to include  more funding for this important program, but I believe this bill will  improve the program and bolster the Federal Government in cleaning up  these sites, and I support the bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Tonko), who is the ranking member of the  Environment Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), the ranking member of the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Dingell).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on both  sides?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson), the ranking member of the Committee  on Science, Space, and Technology.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Napolitano).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. Esty).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  to enter into a colloquy.    I yield to the gentleman from Illinois.    Yes. And I thank the gentleman for raising this drafting  issue. The bill's provisions on nonprofit entities were meant to  reflect the EPA's current practice. It now appears that we have  inadvertently excluded some organizations that receive grants under  that current practice.   It is unfortunate that the technical assistance bringing this issue  to our attention was provided so late in the process, but I hope we can  work together to ensure that the EPA is providing testimony and  technical assistance in a much more timely fashion moving forward.   So I want to thank the gentleman for working with Democrats to  develop this legislation, which will provide significant environmental  and public health benefits. I believe we can continue to work together  as we move this bill into law to address this drafting issue.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, so I yield  myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to close by talking about how important  this program has been to our Nation and, in particular, to my home  State, since it was created back in 2002.   New Jersey has too many of these types of contaminated sites, and we  need Federal help to clean them up and redevelop them.    For example, a former Dupont property on the waterfront in Carteret  is being redeveloped to be a ferry terminal to carry commuters to New  York City. That site is a great example of how a redeveloped  brownfields site can be beneficial for the community.   Asbury Park, another town in my district, received two substantial  Federal brownfields grants last year. One of those grants is being used  to assess eight contaminated sites and prepare two cleanup plans. The  other grant is going to assessing and redeveloping sites around the  train station and the downtown area that were contaminated with  petroleum.   Just this week, I visited another brownfields site being redeveloped  in my district, the Woodbridge Waterfront Park. When completed, the  waterfront park will include approximately 30 acres of restored  wetlands, walking trails, a boardwalk overlooking the wetlands, and a  viewing platform on the Raritan River. So Federal funds through the  brownfields program help make these projects happen.   The brownfields program is proof that having a strong economy and  protecting the environment is not an either/or issue. We can have both.   I am pleased to support this bipartisan bill. I would urge all of my  colleagues to vote for it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I forgot to thank some of the staff who  worked so hard on this on my side of the aisle: Jaqueline Cohen, who is  sitting here; Rick Kessler; Tuley Wright; Mary Martin; and I know there  were others.   I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.   