 Mr. President, this amendment is about whether or not we  are serious about the debt. In the current budget, there are  instructions to reduce the debt by $96 billion in mandatory spending. I  applaud that, but we need budget reconciliation instructions to allow  it to happen. This amendment will allow instructions so we can really  do what we say we are going to do, which is to cut spending.   I think, in light of the fact that we are for tax cuts, we ought to  also be for reducing spending so we don't explode the debt.   I recommend a ``yes'' vote on reconciliation instructions to allow  for mandatory savings and spending.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, this amendment is about the debt. We have a  $20 trillion debt. It is about whether we are serious about tackling  that debt. The budget before us exceeds our own spending caps by $43  billion.   You will be told that technically that is not so because we hide the  money by sticking it in an account we call the Overseas Contingency  Operations. Over the past 3 years, we have spent more than $1.7  trillion in this account, but we don't account for it, and we don't  budget for it. What I am asking us to do is to be responsible, budget  for this, stay within our self-imposed caps, and actually act as though  we really believe in what we say--that the debt is a problem.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, across the country, Republicans promised to  repeal ObamaCare. They promised to repeal all of ObamaCare, root and  branch. Not one Republican promised to keep and block grant ObamaCare.  They promised to repeal ObamaCare.   Tonight I present another chance. My amendment will provide budget  reconciliation instructions so Republican Senators can fulfill their  promise; so they can actually repeal ObamaCare, root and branch, as  they promised.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, rather than bicker over raising taxes on  some people and lowering taxes on other people, we should cut  everyone's taxes to make sure we get a middle-class tax cut across the  board. The best way to do that is to give the tax committee a mandate  that is larger, a mandate for a bigger tax cut.   My amendment provides budget reconciliation instructions to increase  the tax cut to $2.5 trillion. If we were to believe this budget, it  claims to save over $6 trillion over 10 years--more than enough to go  bigger, better, and bolder on cutting taxes.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   