 Mr. Speaker, it is a delight for me to join the  gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Buck) on a piece of legislation that  actually has his name on it, he is responsible for, understands, and is  prepared today to fully debate.   I would also like to thank the gentleman from Florida, a member of  the Rules Committee, for not only coming down to offer his argument  against the facts of the case as they reside today on this important  piece of legislation, but I also want to acknowledge that I know the  frustration.   I know there is a lot of frustration. There is a lot of frustration  from our colleagues who have lost the House, the Senate, and the  Presidency. They are in the middle of what might be called wandering,  as they have called it, in the darkness or in the doldrums of being  deep in the minority.   With that said, there is an agenda that is being laid out before the  American people. It happened, Mr. Speaker, directly as a result of what  we call an election--an election where all these issues, or most of  them that have been discussed by the gentleman, were fully debated not  only in a theater near you, but directly in congressional contests, in  senatorial contests and the debates for the President of the United  States.   The facts of the case are really pretty simple. The Republican Party  will be talking about all the issues that the gentleman brought up  today right before our eyes. Probably on C-SPAN, trying to compete  against us, is a hearing in the Energy and Commerce Committee.   The gentleman, Greg Walden, the chairman of the committee, over the  weekend released the text of the chairman's mark, the ``bill'' of the  Republican Party of how we are going to look at health care.   It is true that we have Chairman Devin Nunes of the Intelligence  Committee looking at the issue that was  [[Page H1614]]  brought up of Russia. We have forthrightly, over the weekend, said: All  right. We are being asked to look at this. Just so you know, media,  American people, we are going to do that. We are going to do what you  have asked because we believe it is the right thing to do: open  hearings, open debate, acknowledgement of the issues, and a certainty  that we will go look into it, and we are going to let you know what we  find. That is really where we are.    This morning, at 8 a.m. in my office, I cohosted with the gentleman  from Florida an opportunity for the American Bar Association. We  brought in, from across this country--I didn't bring them in; they came  into my office from across the country--a number of well-established,  thoughtful, and articulate people. We didn't ask: Are you Republican?  We didn't ask: Are you Democrat? We said: You represent your  organization, and we want to hear from you.   This is the kind of leadership that I believe not only myself but  also the gentleman, Mr. Hastings, wants to be associated with. We want  to be associated with listening to the American people, trying to be  thoughtful about what we do and have equal participation.   The gentleman knows that at the Rules Committee yesterday we had a  very thoughtful person representing the Republican Party. The gentleman  from Iowa (Mr. King) came up. We had Mr. Buck, who was able to come and  talk about this issue today.   In fact, it might be an arcane issue to the American people, but it  consumes a lot of time, and it has a deliberative effect on the outcome  of important cases in Federal courts and State courts across the  country. We feel like it is worthy of an afternoon, an afternoon at the  Rules Committee, to fully vet the legislation and an afternoon here on  the floor of the House of Representatives.   But like any other good majority, we have a lot of other things going  on, and we are looking at the Affordable Care Act, how it worked and  how we might thoughtfully replace it. We are looking at the issues  related to Russia. We are looking at the American Bar Association.   Members of Congress are extremely busy, but, Mr. Speaker, I think,  with great respect, we should give the author of the bill, Mr. Buck,  his time to come and thoughtfully explain why we are doing what we are  doing.   I am just a dadgum chairman of the committee. I just do the things  that I hope are necessary to look at every single item and being fair-- being fair in the ability that people have to come and bring their  ideas and trying to be fair in trying to bring them down here.   So I want to thank the gentleman for acknowledging this body is busy.  This body is engaged in, as we speak, a public, open debate about what  direction health care should go.   What I would like to offer is my evaluation of where we are going to  be. We are going to be at a point where we do not have to scare people  about where we have been or why we are going to a place.   I am on what is known as ObamaCare. As a Member of Congress, I am  legally required to be on ObamaCare for health care. But, Mr. Speaker,  it is twice as expensive as what I had before; and it is not working  for me, it is not working for my family, and it is not working for a  lot of people.   So we are trying to look at how we might carefully, thoughtfully,  artfully work with the American people, so we put the bill up and let  you see it. We don't have to pass it to find out what is in it. We are  trying to read the bill and understand it first.   Mr. Speaker, it is not a pledge. It is a hope that every single  Member of this body will understand what is in the bill before they can  respectfully, whether somebody disagrees or agrees with it, explain the  bill for what is correct.   What is correct about the bill is this: if you like your own doctor,  you can keep your own doctor. If you like your own healthcare plan,  even if it is ObamaCare, you can do that, too.   The Republican Party is open about what we believe. We are trying to  be thoughtful with the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I believe, with the leadership that we have of Paul Ryan  who has attempted to work through a difficult issue, the American  people will understand why Republicans not only won the election, but  why Republicans have better ideas in health care, too.    Mr. Speaker, without continuing the dialogue, I would  like to at least respond to the gentleman and look right at you, Mr.  Speaker, and tell you, in fact, we are going to have a CBO score. We  are going to have a CBO score when we have an agreed-upon bill. This is  a process that is open. The bill is being proposed. The bill is going  to be debated. Then there are going to be votes.   For them to presume that they know the score before they know the  outcome is not the way the chairman of the committee looks at it. Mr.  Walden looks at it that he is going to let the committee vote and come  up with a bill, and there are significant changes that could happen one  way or another. I think it would be a presumptuous viewpoint to say  here is the bill and here is the score, take it or leave it. I know  Chairman Walden very well, and Greg Walden is trying to operate off  openness and the agreement to look at the bill. When it is finalized, a  score will become available. I appreciate the gentleman bringing this  issue up.   