 I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, on Monday the House will meet at noon for morning-hour  and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until  6:30.   On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning- hour and noon for legislative business.   On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m.   On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.   Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next  week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business  tomorrow.   In addition, the House will consider several bipartisan measures from  the Committee on Financial Services that will create jobs and support  American entrepreneurship. First, H.R. 1343, the Encouraging Employee  Ownership Act, sponsored by Representative Randy Hultgren, which will  open up more opportunities for employees to share a stake in the  companies they work for every day.   Next, H.R. 1219, the Supporting America's Innovators Act, sponsored  by Chief Deputy Whip Patrick McHenry. This bill will increase access to  capital for America's small businesses and startups and ensure our  entrepreneurs have the best chance to succeed. Mr. McHenry's bill is  also a key component of our Innovation Initiative in the House, which  aims to accelerate private sector innovation and leverage more  innovation in government.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible, and  I will relay scheduling information to Members if any items are added.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Discussions are ongoing about the appropriations process and how to  ensure the government is funded after April 28.   I thank my good friend from Maryland for being a good faith  negotiating partner in this effort.   I do not currently anticipate floor action next week. But as always,  I will advise Members as soon as possible when action is scheduled in  the House.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding again.   I was encouraged by the bipartisan agreements we reached on the  MILCON/VA bill and the defense appropriations bill. As you know,  together, these two bills make up roughly one half of our total  discretionary spending.   However, I was disappointed to hear that Democrats have apparently  walked away from the negotiating table on further bipartisan agreements  like these. Personally, I was disappointed to hear rumors that  Democrats are hoping for a government shutdown.   The New York Times is reporting that, ``as a minority party  struggling to show resistance in the era of President Trump''-- Democrats--``are now ready to let the lights of government go dark.''   I sincerely hope these rumors and reports are not true. I know the  gentleman disagrees with ever having a government shutdown.   As I mentioned, discussions are ongoing about how to ensure the  government is funded after April 28. I want everybody to know that my  door is always open, especially to you, my friend from Maryland, and  any other House  [[Page H2577]]  colleague who wants to play a constructive role in the process. I  firmly believe the government will not shut down. It will be funded as  we continue further.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The gentleman does know, from the widespread disagreement, that  ObamaCare is failing. He disagrees with that, but the majority of  Americans agree that it is collapsing and that we have to solve this  problem.   As of today, I do not have anything scheduled for next week. But as  we continue discussions with our Members as we move forward, I  anticipate in the future that we would have that vote.    That is correct.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the  House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, April 3, 2017, when  it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for  legislative business.   