 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I also oppose this underlying bill, which is why I call  it, as others have, the wrongdoer protection act for multistate and  multinational corporations, and for that purpose, I add this amendment.   It is no coincidence that these corporate wrongdoers want to force  consumers to fight them in Federal court. That is the effect of this  bill, to enlarge Federal court diversity jurisdiction.   It is no coincidence that the corporate wrongdoers want to fight in  Federal court. It is not because they think the Federal judges are  better looking or the Federal judges are more polite or the decor in  the Federal courtrooms is nicer to look at. That is not it all. They  want to go there because they are more likely to prevail and to beat  consumers in Federal court. They know that.   They know that, after a generation of regrettable decisions across  the street by the Supreme Court of the United States, Federal court has  become very favorable turf for corporate wrongdoers--generations of bad  decisions that invite and exhort Federal judges to forget about the  Seventh Amendment in our Bill of Rights.   You remember the Seventh Amendment. It was written by James Madison.  It was announced as approved by Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson,  whose statue stands right outside this Chamber. It was an amendment  that says very simply: `` . . . in suits at common law, where the value  in controversy shall exceed $20, the right of trial by jury shall be  preserved. . . . `'   There is nothing ambiguous about that statement. It is not hard to  understand. It is about how important the right to trial by jury is to  us here in these United States.   But since the 1980s, there has been this steady drumbeat of decisions  from the United States Supreme Court encouraging and emboldening  Federal court judges to decide and dismiss cases without the trouble of  a jury trial. Their toolkit is enormous for doing that: motions to  dismiss, motions for judgment on the pleadings, motions for summary  judgment, motions for directed verdict, motions for judgment as a  matter of law.  [[Page H1974]]    Cases do get thrown out every day in this country without the trouble  of a jury trial, and the Seventh Amendment right to a jury trial is not  preserved. That is why wrongdoer corporations prefer to be in the  Federal court.   Federal court has become candy land for corporate wrongdoers in this  country, and this bill helps them stay there and fight consumers in  Federal court. It changes the law to allow corporate wrongdoers to do  that.   I want to give you some very strong reasons, Mr. Chairman, why this  bill is so bad.   Number one, it is discriminatory. Unless you are a multistate or  multinational corporation, this bill doesn't help you. If you are an  individual sued in State court, this bill does not help you. If you are  a small-business owner only doing work in your State, this bill does  not help you. Only multistate, multinational corporations get help from  this bill, and that is why I call it the wrongdoers protection act for  multistate and multinational corporations.   Number two, it is burdensome. The Federal courts are already  overworked and understaffed. The civil caseload is growing at 12  percent a year. There are currently 123 vacancies in our Federal  judiciary. There is no reason to add to this burden by changing the  law.   Number three, this bill forces State court cases into Federal court.  We have a crowd in this House that consistently preaches about states'  rights and the need to cut back on the Federal Government's reach, but  a bill like this comes along and they drop that state's rights banner  like it is a hot potato and pick up the coat of arms of the multistate,  multinational corporations.   If you really do care about states' rights, you should be voting  ``no'' on this bill.   You see, these cases called diversity cases are filed in State court  under State law. Ever since the 1930s, in the Erie Railroad case, if  you take these cases and handle them in Federal court, the Federal  judges are bound by law to follow State law, not Federal law.   Mr. Chairman, there is nobody better at interpreting and following  State law than State court judges. It stands to reason.   I offer this amendment that is at the desk to exempt consumer cases  against insurance companies for bad faith in insurance practices. If  the majority is going to persist and present this gift to multistate  and multinational corporations, at least include this amendment and  protect consumers trying to fight insurance companies.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   