 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Upton for yielding me time  in his effort to bring this bill to the floor today.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R.  2910. Thanks to the shale revolution, America is a top global producer  of natural gas, and in the past several years, natural gas has become  the top fuel choice for generating electricity in our Nation.   My constituents in Texas have seen the dramatic benefits of the shale  revolution and pay some of the lowest electricity costs in the Nation.  For example, last April, the residential price for electricity was just  over 11 cents per kilowatt-hour. However, the average price in  Massachusetts was almost 21 cents per kilowatt-hour.   America's domestic energy outlook has completely flipped from  scarcity to abundance, yet why do some parts of the country, primarily  in the northeast, pay twice as much for electricity? There is one clear  reason: some areas lack the needed pipeline infrastructure to bring  natural gas to consumers.   The reason for this is that some State and Federal agencies are  failing to make timely decisions on the necessary pipeline permits to  deliver natural gas to consumers.   We can and we should modernize our pipeline infrastructure to match  our abundant natural gas resources. Making the permitting process more  efficient enables and encourages a more robust and reliable pipeline  infrastructure system; that way, all parts of the country can realize  the benefits of clean, affordable, and abundant natural gas.   My bill, the Promoting Interagency Coordination for Review of Natural  Gas Pipelines Act, builds on important permit reforms under the Energy  Policy Act of 2005 by bringing greater accountability, predictability,  and transparency to the process to approve interstate natural gas  pipelines.   This bill requires early notification to all participating agencies,  States, and Indian Tribes, and it reinforces FERC's status as the lead  agency for coordination.   It further establishes a clear process for consultation and  concurrent reviews among Federal and State agencies and Indian Tribes,  and sets deadlines for final decisions.   Mr. Chairman, these are commonsense reforms that reduce interagency  bureaucracy, and I think that we can all agree that permitting should  be more transparent and more accountable.   H.R. 2910 enhances certainty for pipeline applicants, but it is  important to note that this bill does not guarantee an outcome, it does  not guarantee an approval on any application, and it does not change  any existing environmental laws. So all the rhetoric we just heard over  the last few minutes about it changing the environment is absolutely  100 percent false.   It does not change any eminent domain laws or adversely affect  private property rights. So all that argument we heard a few minutes  ago is false. So  [[Page H6003]]  we could conclude this debate pretty quickly if the other side will  acknowledge the fact of what this bill really does do and what it  doesn't do.   It does, however, ensure that involved agencies do their job and that  they act on appropriate projects in a timely manner.    Similar provisions have passed the House as stand-alone  legislation and were also included in the comprehensive energy bill  that passed the House last Congress. Additionally, H.R. 2910 passed out  of the Energy and Commerce Committee on a bipartisan vote.   My bill enables more reliable infrastructure to deliver affordable,  environmentally friendly natural gas to consumers.   This American energy resource serves as an important energy source  for hardworking families and powers our economy.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2910.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion.    Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to oppose the  motion to recommit and to vote ``yes'' on final passage.  [[Page H6026]]    I am going to make everybody happy because I am going to be really  quick about this. This MTR is just a rehash of an amendment that the  other side of the aisle tried to introduce during the original bill.  That amendment was not germane, and the reason it wasn't germane is  because this bill does not affect eminent domain in any way whatsoever.   So the bottom line is, that this is just another procedural motion to  deny the important benefits of this legislation to American workers, to  American businesses, and to our collective energy security. It fits a  pattern of delay and obstruction that we simply cannot support.   Mr. Speaker, I urge our Members to oppose this procedural motion, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   