 Mr. President, I love what the Senator from Minnesota  just said. I am a retired Navy captain. For years we had healthy  competition among the different branches of our services. I salute the  folks in the Army, the Marines, the Air Force, and Coast Guard. I  always say: The Navy salutes you. Then I also say: a different uniform,  the same team. To the extent that we wear different uniforms, we really  are on the same team, and I think the American people are anxious for  us to start acting that way.   What I hope we will do is to hit the pause button right now on the  legislation that the Republicans have pulled off the floor and that we  will use this time as an opportunity not to go to our separate corners  and figure out how to do the other team in when we return here in 10  days. I hope we will, as some of our colleagues have suggested, explore  some ideas where we can work together.   Some have talked about how to make the marketplaces work. It is not a  Democratic idea. It is a Republican idea. There are the tax credits for  the exchange, which is a Republican idea. The individual mandate and  the idea that there cannot be prohibitions on insurers denying coverage  are Republican ideas too. Those are all ideas from 1993, taken from  Mitt Romney, who put them in RomneyCare in Massachusetts, and we put  them in the Affordable Care Act.   We didn't just do this and shut out the Republicans. We had 80 days  where we worked on the legislation. I was on the Finance Committee with  Senator Schumer and others, and we had, I think, a dozen or more  hearings and dozens of amendments--over 300 amendments in all. Some 160  Republican amendments were included in the bill. To somehow say that  they were being shut out is nonsense. That is a reinvention of history.   Let's do it the right way. At the end of the day, we will do what  President Trump has been calling for, for the last 5, 6, 7, 8 months,  as I recall. He said: Why don't we cover everybody, why don't we  provide better coverage, and why don't we do it in a more affordable  way.   Unfortunately, what Republicans have offered and what they pulled off  the floor doesn't do that. It provides less coverage for more money. It  says to people--the least well off in our society: We are going to  provide you less coverage in order to give folks who make a lot of  money, and really don't need a tax break, a tax break.   That is not consistent with the Golden Rule. The Presiding Officer  knows it well. We are supposed to treat other people the way we want to  be treated. That is an example of a failure with respect to the Golden  Rule.   I didn't come here to waste my time and other people's time. I came  here to get things done. We tried hard to involve the Republicans 8  years ago. They may not acknowledge that. The people in this country  still want us to really bear down and work together, and we can do  that. At the end of the day, we will be better as a party, we will be  better as a body, and we will be better as a country.   I want to thank Senator Warner for letting me speak before him. Thank  you so much. I will say to Senator Kaine: Thank you for allowing me to  be your partner on a great reinsurance plan that will help stabilize  the exchanges. I am delighted to be your wingman. Thank you.   