 Mr. Chair, I also want to thank Chairman Hensarling for  offering the legislation under consideration today.   The Financial CHOICE Act takes the necessary steps in reforming the  supervision of our financial system that the Dodd-Frank Act failed to  do. Among other provisions, this legislation requires financial  regulatory agencies to tailor regulatory actions to fit the risk  profile and business model of supervised institutions. Not only will  this ensure appropriately tailored compliance obligations for banks and  credit unions of various risk profiles, but it saves valuable time and  resources for bank examiners.   As it stands now, community banks are facing an ever-increasing  regulatory burden that they can no longer shoulder. This has had a  devastating impact on small banks, forcing consolidation or failure and  stifling the creation of new banks in areas that need access to credit.   In December 2015, a report by the Dallas Fed highlighted this  problem, noting that the regulatory environment tends to be one-size- fits-all and concluding that the regulatory oversight should match the  risk level an institution poses to the financial system and the economy  at large.   The CHOICE Act will stop the trend of increasing compliance costs and  decreasing financial services.   Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hensarling) for his  tireless efforts on this legislation and urge my colleagues to support  it.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to  how much time I have remaining?   The ACTING CHAIR (Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois). The gentlewoman from  California has 21 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas has  15 minutes remaining.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, since it has been  asked about who opposes this bill, I wanted to make sure that we  include in our information to them the religious organizations. The  Congregation of St. Joseph, the Seventh Generation Interfaith Coalition  for Responsible Investment, the Dominican Sisters of Houston, the  Sisters of Mercy, the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility,  the Christian Brothers Investment Services, the National Association of  Evangelicals, the American Baptist Home Mission Society, and the Mercy  Investment Services all urge a ``no'' vote on this terrible bill.   Mr. Chairman, with that, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Heck), a senior member now--he has been there for a  while--of the Financial Services Committee.   