 Mr. President, for one, I want to let the people of  Montenegro know that this day has been a long time coming. We would not  be here had it not been for Senator McCain's constant, persuasive,  passionate voice, and this day has finally arrived in the Senate.   As to Senator McConnell, I want to thank him for making floor time. I  regret we had to do it this way, but when one Senator objects, then, it  puts the pressure on the rest of us. One Senator can stop legislation  like this. It was one Senator, and he has every right to do so. But I  want to thank Senator McConnell for putting aside floor time so that we  can vote in the Senate to allow Montenegro to be a part of NATO.   Senator McCain has traveled the world as much as anybody I know. I  have been to Montenegro with him at least once, if not twice. It is a  beautiful place. They share our values. They want to move forward in  terms of their democracy. They want to be part of NATO. They want to be  part of free markets. They want the rule of law to replace the rule of  the gun. Montenegro is trying to do everything that Putin hates--where  you can actually vote for your own leaders, where you can have a  judicial system that works, where people can walk the streets without  fear, and where the leadership doesn't steal the country blind.   I want to let the people of Russia know--for those who went into the  streets yesterday or the day before to protest the corruption of the  Putin regime--that you have my undying respect and admiration, because  I can only imagine how hard that was.   For the people of Montenegro, I know they have been waiting a long  time for this day to come because Russia and, generally, Putin have  been trying to overthrow their government.   To those people in this body who proclaim they are for freedom and  liberty, here is what I suggest. If you are not for other people's  freedom and other people's liberty, you will eventually lose yours. The  idea that we can be safe and free and not engage the world and sit on  the sidelines and watch people like Putin turn the world order upside  down and not be affected is at best naive. It is worse than naive, but  I want to be nice and say it is just naive.   What Putin is doing throughout the world is trying to break the backs  of the world order, NATO, and the European Union. He is trying to drive  a wedge between the NATO countries, and he will be the biggest  beneficiary of that. He is trying to break the back of the European  Union. Alliances of democracy are his worst nightmare. This is a huge  step in the right direction.   I want to thank Senator McCain for being the most consistent voice in  this body, and Senators McConnell and Schumer for allowing this vote.  But our work is not done because it is one thing to vote in favor of  Montenegro's entering NATO over Russia's objections. That is not  enough. Senator McCain and myself, Senators Cardin and Rubio--Democrats  and Republicans--all have crafted legislation to punish Russia for  interfering in our elections. And they did. They are trying to break  the backs of democracy in Ukraine, Georgia, and the Baltic nations. I  hope the next thing we do in this body, in short order, on Russia is to  punish them for their efforts to interfere and change and destabilize  American democracy. I don't think they changed the outcome, but it was  the Russians who did this to the Democratic Party, and I think every  Republican should be equally offended.   I hope we can find some time on the floor, starting in the committee,  to pass a Russia sanctions bill that, I believe, would get 80 votes.  This is a great step in the right direction for people in Montenegro.  It is a rebuke of Putin, but it is not enough.   Again, I thank Senator McCain for his leadership toward the people in  Montenegro, and I know he has been worried about what is happening in  America. I hope he finds some comfort in what we are doing here today.   I hope the rest of the world, particularly Europe, which is in the  crosshairs of Putin, will understand that America is coming back and it  is coming back strongly.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arizona.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from South Carolina,  particularly on the issue of Russian sanctions.   Yesterday, we saw the people of Russia, particularly the younger  people, demonstrating peacefully in the streets of the cities and towns  throughout Russia in order to protest the corruption and dictatorship  of Vladimir Putin. At the time, the leader of the opposition was  jailed. He was in the process of putting together a study that showed  that Medvedev, who was Putin's puppet, was one of the wealthiest people  on Earth.   I was heartened by the willingness and the courage of the people of  Russia to stand up and protest a corrupt, dictatorial, and brutal  government that, unfortunately, they are saddled with.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Tennessee.   