 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed  to complete my remarks prior to the vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I am honored to speak here today in support  of Alex Acosta, and I wholeheartedly encourage my colleagues to support  his nomination to be our next Secretary of Labor. I know this nominee  well. As a fellow Floridian and as a native of Miami, I have been  familiar with his work for many years. As I said when the President  nominated him, I think he is an outstanding choice to lead the  Department of Labor.   Alex has an impressive academic record. He has two degrees from  Harvard--the first from Harvard College and then from Harvard Law  School.   He also has a sterling record of public service in the State of  Florida and in the United States of America. He was a member of the  National Labor Relations Board. He was appointed by President George W.  Bush and served from 2002 to 2003. From there, he was selected by  President Bush to serve as Assistant Attorney General for the Civil  Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, where he also served  as Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General in that office. He also  served our Nation as the U.S. Attorney in one of the most challenging  districts in our country--Florida's Southern District.   Most recently, Alex has served the State of Florida as the dean of  Florida International University College of Law, where he has been  instrumental in raising the still young school's profile and in its  graduating young men and women who are now well prepared to excel in  their legal careers.   With every challenge he has confronted throughout his distinguished  career, he has demonstrated his ability to effectively tackle with ease  the problems at hand. He is a brilliant legal mind, someone with a deep  knowledge of labor issues, and he is a proven leader and a proven  manager. It is for these reasons and many more that I am confident that  Alex Acosta will serve this Nation admirably.   He was--listen to this--previously confirmed unanimously by the  Senate for three different positions in the U.S. Government. This man  is not even 50 years old, and he has already been confirmed unanimously  by the Senate for three separate positions. I believe that in a few  moments, he will be one step closer to being confirmed to his fourth.  He is well qualified for this role, and I look forward to working with  him to ensure that Americans are equipped with the skills they need to  be successful in the 21st-century economy.   I yield the floor.   