 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from  Wyoming not only for being on the Committee on Rules, but also today  for handling her first rule. Welcome to Congress and welcome to the  Committee on Rules.   Madam Speaker, the bill that we have before us today is an extension  of, really, a bipartisan agreement that we have had for 30-plus years:  that we should not have abortions that are paid for by the taxpayer.  The bottom line is  [[Page H627]]  that this is a very difficult issue, no matter which side you might be  on; but I believe that the right thing to do is to say that, based upon  the morality and, really, the right thing, that the Federal Government,  the taxpayers, should not be engaged in paying for abortions, killing  of babies in this country.   We believe it is morally wrong, and all we are simply doing today is  standing up and saying we are going to extend the same privileges that  we have had on a bipartisan basis for 30-plus years not only with the  Hyde amendment, but placing that across all pieces, parts of  appropriations and bills and things that we do here in Congress. This  has absolutely nothing to do with taking away a woman's right to  choose. It has nothing to do with dealing with the Supreme Court. It  has everything to do with using taxpayer dollars.   Yesterday we had a very appropriate and a very timely conversation at  the Committee on Rules, and I think both sides handled their arguments  and their agreements and disagreements well. It is my hope that we do  this here today.   But let me say this, that the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith)  came up as an advocate for women, as an advocate for women who are  engaged in the scurrilous trading of women and misconduct with women. I  think he was seen for what he is. He is a strong advocate for life and  for women who need to feel safe in this country. He stood up yesterday  as an advocate for saying we should not use taxpayer money to pay for  abortions, and that is really what this bill is.   I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming for allowing me to be here.   Mr. McGOVERN. Madam Speaker, the distinguished gentleman from Texas,  the chairman of the Committee on Rules, says this bill has nothing to  do with taking away a woman's right to choose. I would beg to differ. I  think it has everything to do with taking away a woman's right to  choose.   But this is the rule. I was hoping that maybe he would address the  fact that, again, three thoughtful amendments were brought before the  Committee on Rules yesterday by Democrats. They were all germane. They  all comply with the House rules. I was hoping he would explain why they  were all denied, especially since the bill before us didn't go through  regular order; it didn't go through a committee process to be brought  to the floor. This was just kind of plopped into the Committee on  Rules, and no amendments were made in order. That is not the way a  deliberative body should be run. There are disagreements on this issue,  but don't be afraid of allowing opposing viewpoints to be heard on this  House floor. But apparently he didn't want to talk about that.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Panetta).   