 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in staunch support of the  National Defense Authorization Act of 2018.   I served in the military under the past five Presidents starting with  Ronald Reagan and witnessed firsthand the erosion of our combat edge.  When I joined the military, we out-trained our competitors with a 2-to- 1 flying-hour advantage. Today, we are lagging behind them in training,  and it is unconscionable to send our warriors to fight without every  possible advantage. We don't want a close fight, but that is where we  are at today.    As a General Officer, I was charged with preparing our forces to  prevail over any adversary, a nearly impossible task given the damage  done by a 22 percent reduction of defense spending over the last 8  years while we are at war. This act will begin to right the ship with a  10 percent top-line increase providing the means to rebuild readiness,  deter aggression, and defeat adversaries. It invests in peace through  strength.   The Constitution charges this body with the power to provide for the  common defense. For the Armed Services Committee, this is a solemn  obligation rooted in over 50 years of bipartisanship, and we meet this  obligation with the 2018 NDAA.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to this  amendment.   I can attest unequivocally, based on firsthand knowledge, that this  latest attempt to transfer detainees at Guantanamo Bay is strategically  unwise and, I believe, morally wrong. None of the arguments in favor of  transferring these prisoners are defensible militarily, legally, or  financially.   We are in a war and these prisoners were captured on the battlefield.  There is no hard evidence to support the argument that Guantanamo is a  decisive recruiting tool, and is extremely naive to believe that  closing it would somehow magically change the hearts and minds of our  enemies. We could disarm and renounce every interest we have and they  would just invent another reason to attack us.   The truth is that many of these prisoners are the worst of the worst,  yet they are treated better than many of our own veterans. And here is  the key point: prisoners released from Guantanamo have killed Americans  in the past and, if given the chance, will gladly do so again, a fact  openly conceded by officials in the Obama administration itself.   We do not want the blood of Americans killed by these terrorists in  custody today on our hands.   