 Mr. Speaker, I want to speak in opposition to this  legislation, and here is why: it threatens Minnesota's Boundary Waters  Canoe Area; it stops the scientific environmental review that is going  on right now; it weakens the Antiquities Act; and it singles out  Minnesota's national forests as not being allowed the same  environmental protections that national forests in every other State  receive.   Now, northern Minnesota has a rich history of taconite mining. But  the mine that is being proposed on the doorstep of the Boundary Waters,  America's most-visited wilderness, is a massive copper-sulfide mine,  something we have no history of in Minnesota. It would threaten some of  the cleanest and most pristine water and lakes in the country.   Today, there is a 2-year review going on of the mining leases to  analyze the risks of copper-sulfide mining in the watershed of the  Boundary Waters. It is based on science. It is supported by Secretary  Perdue. It is supported by Secretary Zinke. And I should note that  Secretary Zinke is supporting a similar review of a proposed mine in  Montana that borders Yellowstone National Park.   But this bill halts that scientific review and automatically grants  the leases for the mine. If this becomes law, Minnesota's land and  water would be singled out as not worthy of the exact same  environmental review and protections that exist in every other State in  the country.   It carves out a special exemption for Minnesota from the Antiquities  Act, which has been used on a bipartisan basis by 16 Presidents as a  conservation tool to protect America's history for future generations.  And why should the land and history in Minnesota be less worthy of  protection?   There are the public comments from more than 100,000 people, Mr.  Speaker, that would be tossed aside.   Mr. Speaker, the Boundary Waters is Minnesota's Yellowstone. Hundreds  of thousands of people canoe and fish  [[Page H9506]]  there annually every year. It is a national treasure.    Some of the best memories of my life have taken place in the Boundary  Waters as I grew up or, now, with my daughters. We owe it to future  generations to understand the impact that copper-sulfide mining poses  to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area; and that is why I am voting ``no''  on a bill that undermines science and puts Minnesota's water at risk.   