 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bill, H.R.  4042. I would like to thank the gentleman from Montana and my  colleague, the gentlewoman from Orlando, Florida, for their kind and  historic words.   This bill would name the United States Post Office at 1415 West Oak  Street in Kissimmee, Florida, after the 65th Infantry, also known as  the Borinqueneers, named after the indigenous Taino word for Puerto  Rico, ``Borinquen,'' which means, ``the land of the brave Lord,'' where  the name of the Borinqueneers was derived from.   This was a segregated unit, one of only a few that we have in  history, much like the heralded Tuskegee Airmen, and they fought for  our country bravely even while facing discrimination and segregation.  They quickly gained a well-deserved reputation as one of the 3rd  Infantry's most reliable units.   Their bravery inspired General Douglas MacArthur, then the Supreme  Commander for the Allied Powers, to write: ``The Puerto Ricans forming  the ranks of the gallant 65th Infantry give daily proof on the  battlefields of Korea of their courage, determination and resolute will  to victory, their invincible loyalty to the United States and their  fervent devotion to those immutable principles of human relations which  the Americans of the continent and Puerto Rico have in common. They are  writing a brilliant record of heroism in battle, and I am indeed proud  to have to have them under my command. I wish that we could count on  many more like them.''   I had the opportunity a couple of months ago to go to the  demilitarized zone in Korea, and I thought, as I saw those hills and  those mountains that were filled with trees and with forests again,  about the stark difference that some of my constituents, whom I have  gotten to speak with personally, saw there in Korea. There was nothing  left but muddy, cold hills, freezing temperatures. These folks, who  lived their whole lives on an island in the Caribbean, were surrounded  by both the Chinese and Korean Armies. And to talk with some of our  local veterans like Luis Pastrana and Lou Boria--who actually lives in  Congresswoman Demings' district in Apopka--about how different what  they faced that day is compared to the semi-serene DMZ now. Obviously,  we face other threats there. It reminded me of just how far they had  gone and what they did, literally crossing the globe to make sure that  our country was safe.   As the gentleman from Montana and the gentlewoman from Florida  mentioned, we ultimately recognized that valor and the fact that they  fought so bravely, even in the face of discrimination, on June 10,  2014--the Congressional Gold Medal, becoming the second Hispanic set of  Americans here after Roberto Clemente received this award. Many folks  who were born and raised on th island and served in Korea, in World War  II, and ultimately in Vietnam after the unit was desegregated, now live  in Kissimmee, Florida, and in central Florida, and are represented by  many of us, including Congresswoman Demings.    This is a very important place to recognize a group of heroes who  defied expectations and really cemented a legacy of heroism that all  Americans can be proud of. I want to thank the members of the Oversight  and Government Reform Committee for passing this bill favorably with  unanimous consent, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   