 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  this opportunity. I have been sitting here listening very carefully to  this debate. It sounds like a partisan fight. Democrats say this is a  bad bill. Republicans say it is a good bill. If you are watching at  home, you think: Here we go again. Just gridlock in Washington. Can't  get something done.   Well, let me tell you and let me suggest that preserving and  protecting access to care should not be a partisan issue. Why do I say  that? I am from West Virginia, and 14 years ago we passed medical  liability reform very similar to what we are getting ready to pass  today, including $250,000 caps on noneconomic damages.   Why do I know it was not a partisan issue back then is because the  Governor of West Virginia who introduced the bill, House Bill 2122, was  Congressman Governor Bob Wise. Bob Wise had been a Member of Congress  for 18 years as a Democrat here in Congress. He introduced the bill 14  years ago in West Virginia. He signed the bill. It was his bill.   The West Virginia Legislature, the House of Delegates, was 68 percent  Democrat. The West Virginia Senate was 70 percent Democrat. A Democrat  Legislature, a Democrat Governor, and the reform is just like what we  are getting ready to pass today.  [[Page H5265]]    Here is what Democrat Governor Bob Wise said about the bill and why  they did it. What was the goal? ``To work together towards a common  goal preserving the healthcare system that serves all West  Virginians.''   What else did Governor Democrat Bob Wise say? He said, ``This is a  prime example of how government can work for the people,'' when he  passed this bill and signed it.   On the day he signed the bill, this is what Democrat Bob Wise's  newsletter said: ``My number one commitment is the health and safety of  the citizens of West Virginia?''    Mr. Chair, this should not be a  Democrat/Republican issue. This should be an American healthcare issue.  This should be preserving and protecting access to quality care. Just  like Democrat Congressman Bob Wise in West Virginia 14 years ago set  the example, we ought to set the example here of passing this with  strong bipartisan support. This is quality care for the American  citizens.   