 Mr. Chairman, I have been listening to the debate, and I  see the buzzwords that have been used about the repeal of the  Affordable Care Act: ``patient-centered''--that sounds good--and  ``against bureaucrats''--that sounds good. What they don't tell you is  that it is for the insurance companies.   They say it leaves it patient-centered and for the people to deal  with it, not the government--because the people will have to deal with  the insurance companies in the future. The people don't want to have to  deal with insurance companies when their claims are denied, when they  won't pay them, when they won't allow them to have certain procedures.  That is what the American people are against.   The Affordable Care Act was insurance reform on steroids. And you  can't have all of the insurance reform on steroids without government  action looking out for the people versus the insurance companies.  [[Page H520]]    They also don't tell you about rich people, who the other side is  always concerned about, who could use tax credits and get a lot more  money for their tax credits because they are at a higher tax rate than  others. So, in essence, they are going to get more out of this.   What we ought to be doing--it is what this alternative budget is  about--is trying to create jobs, jobs for people in infrastructure,  construction jobs for people out there in middle America.   America used to be first in infrastructure, and now we are 28th in  infrastructure. We need to have an infrastructure that gets goods to  market and goods to the public for sale. That helps create jobs  further. Jobs is what is important, and it is where America used to be  first--in infrastructure jobs.   America has always been last in health care. We were the only  industrialized country in the world without a national healthcare  policy, and the Republicans never wanted a national healthcare policy  until now.   So the Affordable Care Act did good because it woke the people up on  the other side of the aisle to the fact that we needed to have a policy  to make sure people got health care because they have never, ever cared  about it.   Teddy Roosevelt cared about it in their party. Richard Nixon cared  about it in their party. Mitt Romney cared about it in their party. But  they were mute. They didn't say a word about it. All of a sudden-- because they found something they thought is good.   Two-thirds of the people in Tennessee like the Affordable Care Act.  Don't repeal it.   Pass this alternative budget and create jobs.   