 Mr. President, back on the topic of the evening: the  Congressional Review Act action to overturn the SEC's rule.   I am just kind of at a loss for words. There are people back home  asking how politics is going, and they have a certain set of  assumptions about the way Congress works. They watch ``House of  Cards.'' They watch movies about politics. They have watched other TV  shows on Hulu and Netflix, whatever it may be. I submit to you that  what we are doing right now is so corrupt, so grotesque, so obvious, so  trite that it wouldn't even make the cut as a plot for a TV show about  politics because who would believe that the Republican Congress, as one  of their first acts, would pass a law prohibiting the implementation of  a rule that requires oil companies to disclose what kind of foreign  payments they are making for the privilege of extracting resources.   So what does that mean? You have oil companies that in order to  extract resources in places like Africa and elsewhere--mostly poor  countries around the globe--they have to cut a deal with whoever is in  charge of the government in order to have access to that  resource. Whether it is in Equatorial Guinea, Indonesia, Africa,  Myanmar, or elsewhere, they cut a deal with the governing despot,  usually. That money very often makes it directly into the pockets of  the family of the people who run the country. This is what Senator  Cardin was elucidating, as was Senator Leahy and the ranking member,  Senator Brown.    But this issue was new to me, and I came to the floor not as a member  of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee but as a citizen. I can't  believe we are doing this. This is one of the stinkiest pieces of  legislation that I have seen in my now 5 years in the Senate and my 8  years in the Hawaii State Legislature, in my life in politics. I can't  believe that we would have the gall to put a bill on the floor to  prevent us from disclosing what kinds of foreign payments--that is a  euphemism--are being made to despots and autocrats around the planet.  These are American companies traded on the stock exchange, American  companies making foreign payments, euphemistically, for the privilege  of extracting primarily oil. Our ability as a country to be the world's  lone superpower--as Madeleine Albright called us, ``the indispensable  nation,''--to be the superior country when it comes to money, morals,  and might is now in question. Everywhere you look, it seems like  America is ceding global leadership.   China is set to outshine the United States on climate change policy--  [[Page S646]]  China. Germany's Prime Minister is explaining international conventions  on refugees to the President of the United States. We have insulted  some of our closest allies in the fight against ISIS with a Muslim ban.   Now we are alienating ourselves from Australia, a country that has  stood with the United States in every major conflict since the  beginning of the 20th century. It is hard work to offend Australia. You  have to go out of your way in a phone call between the United States  and Australia to have it go sideways.   So the world is asking if the United States will still lead in the  fight against ISIS. The world is asking if the United States will still  keep its word, and they are asking if the United States is still the  moral leader for the world.   I think everyone in the Congress would agree that the answers to  these questions should be a resounding yes, but somehow one of the  first orders of business in this Republican Congress is not a bill that  demonstrates American leadership but one that concedes it, because that  is exactly what we would do if we overturn the Cardin-Lugar amendment.   If we diminish our moral compass, the rest of the world stops looking  at the United States as the leader among nations. The law we are voting  to repeal set a new international standard in the fight against  corruption. It requires oil and mining companies that are listed on the  U.S. Stock Exchange to report any payments they may make to foreign  governments. The idea is that the companies won't bribe dictators in  mineral rich countries because they know they will have to disclose the  payments.   After the United States passed this law in 2010, some 30 countries  followed our lead, but we never got to implementing it. So today, more  than one-third of the world's oil and gas companies have strong legal  incentives to do business the right way. If Republicans get rid of this  disclosure requirement, it will be bad for American consumers.   In 2004, a Senate subcommittee uncovered that oil companies,  including ExxonMobil, have paid hundreds of millions of dollars to the  President of Equatorial Guinea, which is an oil-rich country in Africa.  That money didn't go to the businesses and citizens. It went directly  into the pockets of the President who has been called Africa's nastiest  dictator. Instead of buying food or roads for people--by the way, most  people who live there live on less than $1 a day--the President and his  family bought real estate in Paris, luxury cars and life-sized  statues--plural--of Michael Jackson.   Getting rid of this amendment will also be bad for national security.  Senator Lugar is one of the Republican Party's most distinguished  foreign policy voices and the former chairman of the Foreign Relations  Committee. He understood the risk. He understood how corruption fuels  insecurity, poverty, and oppression in other countries and how that can  contribute to the condition that breeds violent extremism. That is why  he fought for the level of transparency required by this rule and to  make it harder for dictators to steal from their own citizens. That  means that getting rid of the Cardin-Lugar amendment is also bad for  investors. If a company is operating in a risky, corrupt, unstable  country, investors have the right to know. If a company is perhaps even  adding to the region's insecurity, investors have a right to know that  too. But that right is now in jeopardy.   The way Republicans are going about this, we won't be able to revisit  this once it is all said and done. This is an important point. I said  it last night on the stream protection rule, and I think it bears  repeating. If you do a CRA action--we are now on the third in American  history, and the second was yesterday. The first was sometime in the  eighties, about ergonomics. The reason this never gets done is because,  when you overturn a regulation using the Congressional Review Act, it  is an incredibly blunt instrument. What happens under law is that the  rule can't be promulgated again. You can't tweak this thing.   As to the concerns that were expressed by some of the Members on the  Republican side about the modifications they would like, if we want to  legislate, let's legislate. But what they are going to do is overturn  this rule and the Securities and Exchange Commission from doing  anything ``substantially similar'' ever again. Everybody who  understands the CRA under the law understands that, basically, we can't  touch this topic again. So this isn't about fixing a reg or being a  check on runaway bureaucrats. These so-called bureaucrats, these civil  servants in the Securities and Exchange Commission, had a statute. They  were told to do something. Now, they took forever to do it, but that is  not running away and going rogue. That is going a little slow, I will  grant you, but they did the right thing pursuant to the law.   Now--I don't know why, but I have my suspicions; I don't know why,  but I have my suspicions--we are overturning both a rule and a law that  requires the disclosure of payments to foreign governments made  primarily by oil companies. It is one of the most awful things I have  seen done in the Congress--not just when I have been here but as I have  observed it over the last 20 years.   I yield the floor.   