 Mr. Speaker, any measure that seeks to promote a peaceful  resolution to tensions between Israelis and Palestinians--whether  coming from the United Nations or from this Chamber--should provide a  balanced picture of the facts on the ground and the challenges  confronting both sides. The recent UN Security Resolution on Israeli  settlements failed that test by blaming Israel almost solely for  impeding a two-states solution for peace and by using prejudicial  language that places an unfair burden on Israel in depicting the basis  for future negotiations. Calling any settlement activity by Israel  since 1967 a major obstacle to peace, as the UN resolution does,  ignores the reality that geographical adjustments will have to be made  as part of any two-states solution reached by parties through direct  negotiations.   However, the resolution before us today is also not balanced in that  it too ignores conditions on the ground. Expressing the sense of  Congress to repeal the UN Resolution does not focus on the increasingly  fragile state of the two-states solution, and on conditions that make  its potential achievement increasingly difficult to obtain. Prime  Minister Netanyahu has called his government the most pro-settlement in  history. President-elect Trump further diminishes chances for the two- states solution by choosing envoys who undercut the prospects for peace  by expressing support for major settlement expansions, and whose  opposition to a two-states solution reinforces opposition within the  Israeli government. These positions threaten to continue to move  momentum dangerously away from the possibility of a two-states  solution.   I believe that the two-states approach, as challenging as it is to  achieve, is the only way to ensure a Jewish and democratic state of  Israel living in security with a non-militarized Palestinian state. It  is important for peace in the Middle East and U.S. national interests.   This resolution is at present the only vehicle to express my concerns  with the UN resolution, and I will therefore support it. However, I  will continue to speak out on further actions that I believe will  diminish the chance of a two-states solution and on other issues vital  to peace in the Middle East.   Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition  to H. Res. 11, Objecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution  2334 as an obstacle to Israeli-Palestinian peace. On December 23, 2016,  the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 2334 which  describes Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as  illegal, with the United States abstaining from the vote.   Now, U.S. Congress has chosen to disapprove of President Obama's  leadership and longstanding U.S. foreign policy on the Israeli- Palestinian conflict. UNSC Resolution 2334 merely reiterates the  international community consensus and bipartisan U.S. policy that  building settlements impedes the path to a lasting peaceful two-state  solution. H. Res. 11 asserts that the UNSCR is ``anti-Israel'' and  ``one-sided,'' but it does not break new ground or create any new  policy. For example, in 1987, the Reagan administration abstained and  allowed the passage of UNSCR 605, reaffirming the application of the  Geneva Convention which included Jerusalem in the ``Palestinian and  Arab Territories, occupied by Israel since 1967.''   Instead, I am urging support of an alternative resolution introduced  and led by Congressman David Price. Instead of disapproving of a  resolution that reaffirms longstanding U.S. policy, Congress would work  towards the progress of a two-state solution. H. Res. 11 would  undermine our decades-long efforts towards a peaceful situation between  Israelis and Palestinians and it is not the best way to show our  support for Israel, our strong ally. Our goal must be to reaffirm U.S.  policy in the Middle East and to find solutions with the international  community.   We must be steadfast in our commitment to a two-state solution and to  longstanding U.S. policy. That is why I urge my colleagues to oppose H.  Res. 11 and to support the alternative resolution introduced by  Congressman Price.   