 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment asks for a review of  existing best practices worldwide for the capture and reuse of  wastewater and a feasibility study on the expansion of these efforts.   Existing policy requires a review of conservation plans of Central  Valley Project contractors. I believe we should look further than just  what we are currently doing and learn from new, emerging technologies  and practices from around the world for recycling wastewater.   Capturing wastewater for reuse is not new. Orange County, California,  implemented its Groundwater Replenishment System in 2008, which  augments the water supply for 850,000 residents with treated wastewater  and helps reduce the area's dependence on water from the Sacramento-San  Joaquin delta.   In Singapore, an initiative to recycle wastewater supplies  approximately one-third of the country's water demand. In Israel,  treated sewage water meets approximately one-quarter of the country's  needed water.   Across California, more than 200 billion gallons of municipal  wastewater are already reused each year. According to one report,  California has an unrealized opportunity to grow that number to between  390 billion and 590 billion acre-feet per year.   The need for innovation to increase the amount of available water is  very clear. Between 2011 and 2013, even before the onset of one of the  State's most severe droughts on record, water stored in the Sacramento- San Joaquin watershed and the Central Valley dropped by nearly 20  billion cubic meters, or two-thirds of the volume of Lake Mead.   We need to prepare for more severe droughts in the coming decades.  With innovation and technologies available in the United States and  around the world, we could and should continue to look for new ways to  augment our water supply and enhance our water security.   Around the world and across the United States, innovation and  technologies for capturing and recycling wastewater are improving, and  their costs are falling. The purpose of this amendment is to understand  the current state of these technologies and to identify opportunities  for expanding them.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleague to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Matsui).    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Costa).    Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Huffman).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   