 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Moran). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Moran). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, a month ago, I spoke in strong support of  Dr. Heather Wilson to be the 24th Secretary of the Air Force. I am  pleased that it appears that her nomination will be confirmed today.   In the many years I have known Dr. Wilson, I have always been  impressed by her intellect and especially by her leadership skills. Her  qualifications and character are beyond dispute. Throughout her life,  she has used her many talents not for personal gain or self- aggrandizement but for the public good.   Dr. Wilson was one of the first female graduates of the Air Force  Academy,  [[Page S2795]]  which is a pretty impressive accomplishment unto itself, but she set an  even higher standard when she earned a Rhodes scholarship to study at  Oxford University.   Upon being awarded her Ph.D., she went to work for the National  Security Council and then ran for Congress. I got to know Dr. Wilson  through her insightful work on the House Intelligence and Armed  Services Committees. Make no mistake--Dr. Wilson made a difference  during her service in the House. As a well-respected member of the  Intelligence Committee, she built a reputation as a no-nonsense  legislator who was deeply committed to upholding our national security.  In all things, she proved herself to be exceptionally competent, and I  have to say that she proved herself to be worthy of the highest trust.   After her service in the House, Dr. Wilson became the president of  the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology. There, she again set a  high bar by leading a school whose alumni, I have been informed, make a  higher average starting salary than do Harvard graduates.   For over 20 years, our Nation's Air Force has been involved in  conflicts all over the world. Now more than ever, the Air Force needs a  proven leader who can modernize the service and lead us to victory. I  believe Dr. Wilson will provide that leadership. I have every  confidence that she will serve with honor and integrity and make a  lasting difference as the next Secretary of the Air Force. I have known  her for a long time. I have gone to her State and worked with her and  campaigned with her. All I can say is that she is a very top-notch  woman leader, one of the best I have seen in all of my time in the U.S.  Senate, and I know she is going to do a terrific job. I am going to  help her every step of the way, and I am sure everybody else here will.   I hope everybody on this floor will vote for Dr. Heather Wilson for  this position. We cannot lose. We are all going to be ahead because she  is willing to serve and serve more, and she is willing to leave what  really is a very comfortable position in order to take one that is not  so comfortable and is very demanding, and I respect her for that and  think the world of her.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, what is the parliamentary situation?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate is considering the nomination of  Heather Wilson to be Secretary of the Air Force.   The time runs out in 37 minutes.   Mr. McCAIN. What is the time of the vote?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time concludes at 6:03 p.m.   Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the  nomination of Heather Wilson to be the next Secretary of the U.S. Air  Force.   Dr. Wilson is a proven leader and a dedicated public servant. She is  a distinguished graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy and Oxford  University, where she earned master's and doctorate degrees as a Rhodes  Scholar. If confirmed, Dr. Wilson will be the first Air Force Academy  graduate in history to serve as Secretary of the Air Force.   Dr. Wilson served 7 years as an Air Force officer. During the Cold  War, she served in the United Kingdom and at the U.S. Mission to NATO  in Brussels. As the Cold War came to an end, she served on the National  Security Council staff under President George H.W. Bush, working on  issues concerning NATO and arms control.   Dr. Wilson later moved west to marry her husband, Jay, who is also an  Air Force veteran. After a few years in the private sector, Dr. Wilson  once again answered the call to service, first as the head of the New  Mexico Child Welfare Department and later as a Member of the U.S. House  of Representatives.   In Congress, Dr. Wilson was the leading voice on national security.  She took on the tough issues, from surveillance programs to sexual  assault at the Air Force Academy, and she earned the deepest respect of  her colleagues on Capitol Hill, including mine.   For the last 4 years, Dr. Wilson has been the president of the South  Dakota School of Mines, enhancing its reputation as a premier  engineering, science, and research institution.   Now America's Air Force needs her leadership.   The next Secretary will lead America's Air Force in confronting the  most diverse and complex array of global crises since the end of World  War II. The world is on fire, and now more than ever our Nation is  counting on the global vigilance, global reach, and global power that  are the hallmarks of the U.S. Air Force capabilities.   The next Secretary will also inherit the oldest, smallest, and least  ready Air Force in its history. Twenty-five years of continuous  deployments, troubled acquisition programs, and frequent aircraft  divestments have aged and shrunk the Air Force's inventory. The  combination of relentless operational tempo and the self-inflicted  wounds of the Budget Control Act and sequestration have depleted  readiness. Meanwhile, potential adversaries are rapidly shrinking  America's technological advantage and holding our aircraft at greater  risk over greater distances.    In short, we have asked a lot of our Air Force over the last 25  years, and the demands placed on the service continue to grow. Congress  has only added to the problems with the Budget Control Act and  sequestration. We are placing an unnecessary and dangerous burden on  the backs of our airmen, and we cannot change course soon enough.   We owe our airmen the resources, equipment, and training they need to  succeed. We also owe them proven leadership. That is why the Senate  should confirm Dr. Wilson to be the next Secretary of the Air Force.  From the Air Force Academy to the Air Force, to the National Security  Council, to the House of Representatives, Dr. Wilson has proven herself  as a leader. She understands the missions of the Air Force and the  capabilities it brings to the defense of our Nation. I am confident she  will uphold the Air Force's core values: integrity first, service  before self, and excellence in all the Air Force does.   Heather Wilson is the right person to lead the Air Force to a  stronger future, and I urge my colleagues to support her nomination.   Mr. President, I yield back all time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Wilson  nomination?   Mr. McCAIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk called the roll.   