 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for  yielding and for managing the time here.   I bring forward this FCC Consolidated Reporting Act because this is a  bill that focuses on streamlining government. It focuses on really  establishing and identifying areas where we need to improve competition  in the telecommunications marketplace and make recommendations to  Congress that can help us make better policy for the country. At the  same time, we are eliminating a lot of unnecessary reports that are  currently burdening not only the people who are out there creating jobs  but also the FCC by having eight different reports that are required  annually to be filed and to be evaluated by the FCC at disparate times  throughout the year, to consolidate all that into one report, one  report that focuses on the entire telecommunications marketplace on a  biennial basis. That report would come in at the end of the 2-year  period so that each new Congress would be presented with very relevant  and much more timely information that would help each Congress evaluate  if changes and reforms need to be made to the law.   What laws am I talking about, Mr. Speaker? I am talking about in the  current marketplace some of these various disparate reports where you  might have throughout the year a requirement where a report has to look  just at the satellite industry or a report looks just at the cable  industry or a report looks just at the landline industry. Mr. Speaker,  as we know, all of these industries now compete against each other, and  whether you are getting your telecommunications data at home, through a  cable, through fiber, through satellite, on your mobile device, it is  all ultimately the same content that people are consuming, and all of  these companies are competing against each other.   It is not like in the old days where you just had telephone lines and  the telephone companies would compete against each other, and then  cable companies would compete against each other. Now it is a  consolidated marketplace, and it is time that we get all these  disparate reports that are outdated and bring them all into one place.   When you look at what this means, they say time is money, and so when  all of these reports are required by Federal law, where all of these  different entities have to put together reports and a lot of times  create documents, paperwork that is unnecessary, that is outdated, that  doesn't really reflect what is happening in the marketplace, that is  time that they can better spend creating jobs, Mr. Speaker. It is time  they can better spend reinvesting so that we can have better broadband  as consumers, families across the country that use all of this great  telecommunications infrastructure. Let's focus more on competing and  creating a better marketplace.   Something else this bill does is get rid of some outdated laws, Mr.  Speaker. Do you know there is still a requirement in Federal law, that  we get rid of in this bill, that there is a requirement every year that  there has to be a telegraph report that studies competition in the  telegraph industry. Mr. Speaker, this might have been useful back in  1934 when Congress mandated it. You can go back to the 1830s when  Samuel Morse invented the telegraph, but we don't really need to be  spending time and legal requirements that there be a report filed  annually on competition in the telegraph industry. We get rid of that  in this bill.   So often we hear from people around the country, when Congress is  contemplating new laws, when are they going to get rid of some of the  old laws that are unnecessary on the books? We actually do that in this  bill. This has bipartisan support. It is a commonsense piece of  legislation that actually streamlines government and focuses on helping  increase competition for families across this country.   I urge adoption of this piece of legislation.   