 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3669, the  Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service  Act of 2017, which has been championed by my good friend and colleague,  Mr. Estes.   As chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective  Security, I appreciate the significant security challenges facing all  modes of America's transportation systems, including the often  overlooked general aviation and commercial charter sectors.   As we saw this morning with the terrorist attack in New York City  against a surface transportation hub, large commercial airliners are  not the only target on terrorists' minds, and we must not allow  ourselves to be negligent towards the security of all sectors of  transportation security.   During his short time in Congress, Congressman Estes has quickly  become one of the most forward-leaning members of the Homeland Security  Committee on issues relating to aviation security. Mr. Estes'  legislation will make significant strides in closing security  vulnerabilities in general aviation's ability to screen and vet  passengers and crew, while better protecting individuals' personally  identifiable information from potential exploitation.   Additionally, this bill will hold the Transportation Security  Administration accountable to important security recommendations from  the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, including those relating to  the security vetting for flight school applicants in the United States.   This bill will ensure that the general aviation community, which is  often overlooked by TSA, will have a voice within the agency by  requiring TSA to designate personnel to be responsible for stakeholder  engagement within the general aviation community.   Mr. Speaker, I was honored to have Representative Estes join me and  other bipartisan colleagues on a recent congressional delegation to the  Middle East and Europe where we examined a number of aviation security  threats and mitigation efforts. Our delegation, combined with our  continuous oversight efforts at home, have provided with us a stark,  firsthand understanding of the security vulnerabilities facing our  Nation's aviation systems.   Because of this, I am extremely pleased that Mr. Estes' bill is being  considered here before the House today. I urge my colleagues to support  the bill and our efforts to improve the security of American aviation.   