 Mr. Speaker, every year, thousands of children are  victims of cyber exploitation. As a former prosecutor who has handled  child exploitation cases, I know just how important it is to preserve  evidence that can bring predators to justice.   After speaking with Florida law enforcement officials about the  challenges they face when tracking suspects online, I introduced the  Targeting Child Predators Act. This is a sensible reform that will  better protect our children by preventing suspected child predators  from destroying evidence and covering their tracks.   When tracking a suspected child predator online, law enforcement far  too often hits roadblocks that can critically threaten their  investigation. Internet service providers who have been issued a duly  issued, lawful subpoena from law enforcement will often inform the  suspect that police investigators have requested their information.  Once notified that they are the target of an investigation, child  predators can wipe their systems clean and go into hiding, leaving law  enforcement empty-handed and potentially putting their victims at  further risk.   The Targeting Child Predators Act is a simple and necessary amendment  to our criminal code requiring that ISPs wait 180 days before  disclosing to suspected child predators that their information has been  requested by law enforcement. The bill is narrowly targeted to child  exploitation cases where the destruction of valuable evidence could  endanger the safety of a child or seriously jeopardize an ongoing  investigation. Additionally, the Targeting Child Predators Act provides  judicial review of subpoenas and affords both ISPs and suspects due  process as required by law.   The Targeting Child Predators Act will protect our children from  those who wish to exploit them while maintaining the constitutional  rights of suspected criminals. This is an issue that should garner wide  bipartisan support from the House.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to step up. Let's support our  vulnerable children. Let's target child predators, and let's vote  ``yes'' on this bill.   