 Thank you, Madam President.   First, on the matter of healthcare. I sincerely and truly hope the  events of last week are a turning point. I hope they steer this body  toward a period of greater bipartisanship. We sure could use it because  the problems in our healthcare system did not end last week. We  Democrats know that the Affordable Care Act wasn't perfect. We want to  keep what works--and there are a lot of good things in it--and we want  to fix what doesn't. We have a lot of work to do on that front.   Our first order of business should be to stabilize the individual  market and then both parties should work together through regular order  through committees to discuss other improvements. Chairman Alexander  and Ranking Member Murray have indicated they want to work together,  have public hearings, and do this the right away. I am hopeful Chairman  Hatch, Ranking Member Wyden, both of whom have proven themselves  willing and able to work across party lines, also will be willing to  work closely together to address broader problems with our healthcare  system.   Let me repeat. The first order of business should be to stabilize the  individual market, which has been racked by uncertainty.   Right now, as insurers prepare to lock in their rates and plans for  2018, the Trump administration is dangling a massive sword of Damocles  over the heads of millions of Americans, threatening to end payments  the administration is supposed to make that would lower deductibles and  out-of-pocket costs for so many Americans. These payments are critical  to keeping healthcare costs down and keeping the markets stable.  Remember, AHIP--the largest trade group of insurers--has said the  uncertainty about these payments is ``the single most destabilizing  factor in the individual market.'' That is not Chuck Schumer or some  Democrat saying it, it is the insurers saying it. Make no mistake, by  refusing these payments, President Trump is sabotaging our healthcare  system. He is actively trying to make it collapse, taking out his  political loss on the American people. That is not being Presidential;  that is small, it is vindictive, and it will hurt millions of Americans  he has sworn to help.   In Pennsylvania and North Carolina, insurers have filed two separate  sets of possible rates for 2018; one if the payments are made and one  if they are not. If the payments are not made, premiums would be 20  percent higher.   Let's repeat that. If the payments are not made, if President Trump  follows through on his vindictive idea of not making the payments,  premiums will be 20 percent higher for the people of North Carolina and  Pennsylvania. So if President Trump does not guarantee these payments  permanently, Americans will have to pay a Trump tax on their premiums  next year.   Let me say that again. If President Trump does not guarantee these  payments, Americans will be paying a Trump tax of 20 percent higher  premiums.   President Trump has a responsibility to make our healthcare system  work, and millions of Americans will hold him accountable if the system  implodes on his watch, if insurers leave the markets on his watch, or  if their premiums go up 20 percent or more on his watch.   Of course, we in Congress could remove the uncertainty hanging over  the market and take the decision out of the President's hands. We can  and should guarantee these payments as soon as possible, before the  insurers set their rates for next year. I urge my Republican friends to  join us on Senator Shaheen's bill to guarantee these payments and  prevent President Trump's premium tax from going into effect.  Republican Senators Alexander, Collins, Hatch, Portman, and Johnson  have all spoken about the need to do this. I hope they will help us  move forward. We could get this done very quickly and show the American  people that we are able to work together on healthcare in a very  bipartisan way, to help keep costs down for so many ratepayers.   