 Mr. President, I thank my friend from Hawaii for  convening us here tonight.   This isn't theoretical. This isn't about numbers. This is about real  people. We know them. They exist throughout our States.   I have told this story a few times before on the floor of the Senate.  When I think about the progress that has been made over the course of  the last 6 years, I think about Betty Burger. Betty is a woman who  lives in Meriden, CT. Betty and her husband did everything we asked  them to do. They were morally upstanding citizens, contributed to their  community, had full employment, raised good kids.   Her husband switched jobs. He switched jobs, and he had a 1-week,  maybe a 2-week period of time in between those two jobs. As luck--or  lack of it--would have it, during that brief intermission between  employment, their son was diagnosed with cancer. The cancer then became  a preexisting condition, which meant her husband's new employer would  not cover the son as part of a family plan. The cancer progressed and  progressed and progressed, and this family, the Burgers, had no means  to keep up with the payments.   Their story, unfortunately, is not foreign to folks who have heard  from constituents who have gone bankrupt because of healthcare costs.  The Burgers lost everything. The Burgers first went through their  savings, then they went into their son's college account, then they  sold their car, then they sold their house. They lost everything they  had trying to make sure they had healthcare for their son simply  because he got diagnosed with cancer during the one tiny interim  between their family's insurance coverage. That preexisting condition  doomed that family. There but for the grace of God--that could be us.  That could happen to any one of us.   Yet, today, medical bankruptcy is, frankly, a thing of the past. Why?  Well, it is not because healthcare costs any less; it is because we  said we are not going to allow insurance companies to deny coverage to  someone because they have a cancer diagnosis. In fact, we are not going  to allow insurance companies to charge you more just because you are  sick. Guess what. People have been able to keep their college savings  account. They have been able to keep their car. They have been able to  keep their house even if they get sick. That is what this bill has  meant. Twenty million more people are insured, yes, but the number of  personal bankruptcies in this country has plummeted by 50 percent,  almost entirely because there aren't Burgers any longer. There aren't  people who had to live through what the Burger family had to live  through.   That is what this is about. This is about real people who are going  to go through miserable, terrible experiences because of the bill  Senate Republicans are just days away from putting onto the floor.   I know my colleagues have covered this exhaustively, but I just want  to show visually what CBO says the House bill does.   I know it is in vogue for the President and Republicans to say that  ObamaCare is in a death spiral, but that is not what CBO says. CBO says  that if you keep the Affordable Healthcare Act and actually implement  it rather than undermine it, rather than sabotage it, as the President  of the United States is today, the number of people who don't have  health insurance will remain fairly stable from 2017 to 2026. It is  about 28 million people. But if you enact the American Health Care Act,  the bill that passed through the House, that number goes almost  immediately from about 26 million up to 40 million. Right about 14  million people lose insurance right off the bat. Like within a  heartbeat of passing this bill, about 14 million people will lose  insurance, and then, over time, it grows to 51 million people. That is  not the affordable healthcare act in a death spiral. That is market  stability. This is a death spiral. The death spiral starts upon passage  of the act being secretly negotiated today.   I get it that 23 million is kind of a hard number to get your head  wrapped around. What does 23 million people really mean? These numbers  are so huge. So here is what 23 million people is. It is the entire  population of Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Kansas, Maine, Montana,  Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Dakota, South  Dakota, and let's just throw in West Virginia. That is what 23 million  people is. That is a humanitarian catastrophe.   Remember, 23 million people is what you get to at the end of 10  years, but 14 million people lose it right off the bat. There is no way  for our healthcare system to provide coverage to 14 million people who  had insurance one day and then don't have it the next. By the way, they  tend to be the sickest people because that is who is going to lose  healthcare first.   Why are we doing this? Why would you choose to inflict this kind of  pain on people? Why would you ask to run for Congress in order to put  this kind of hurt on the American public?   Here is the answer. I wish this weren't the answer. I wish there were  a different answer, but here is the answer. Twenty-three million people  lose health insurance, and the cost of that is about $800 billion of  money out of the healthcare system. It is not coincidence that that  then gets transferred into 650 or so odd-billion dollars in tax breaks  for the pharmaceutical companies, the insurance companies, and for  really, really rich people. It is not just by accident that it worked  out that the amount of money you took from poor people and from middle- class people and from sick people is the exact amount of money you are  transferring to the pharmaceutical industry, the insurance industry,  and rich people.   Here is another way of looking at it. Here is where the tax cuts go:  The lowest quintile, the second quintile, the middle quintile, even the  fourth quintile don't get a lot of money out of this tax break. It is  the top quintile, the top 20 percent of income earners who get an  average tax cut of $2,700.   Here is the big benefit: The top 1 percent of income earners--a  $37,000 tax cut out of this bill. The top 1 percent of income earners  get a $37,000 tax cut from this bill. Let me say that again: 23 million  people lose healthcare so that the top 1 percent of income earners get  a $37,000 tax cut. Who runs for Congress to do that? What constituency  is asking for the U.S. Congress to pass a bill that takes health  insurance from all sorts of working Americans, people who are playing  by the rules--people like the Burgers--in order to pass a tax cut for  the super wealthy?   I don't know what is happening behind those closed doors. I don't  know  [[Page S3601]]  exactly what they are talking about, but I am going to guarantee you  that it is not fundamentally different than what the House bill did,  which is what I am describing here. There are still massive numbers of  people losing healthcare, rich people getting a tax cut, and lots of  folks getting hurt. Why? Just because Republicans made a political  promise to do this.   I know I have other colleagues who want to talk. Let me turn for a  moment to this process because the process does matter. The majority is  breaking the Senate. They are breaking the Senate. Don't think this  will not be how this works if you are in the minority. The fact is, we  acknowledge that there is a lot that is still very wrong with the  American healthcare system. Our constituents command us to try to make  those things better. We would love nothing more than to sit down with  the Republicans and try to figure out how we can come together on a  path forward to make this healthcare system better. I know you don't  believe us, but you didn't even try.   I am not sure we believed you at the beginning of 2009 when you said:  We want to help people get insurance. We watched Republicans have  control of the Presidency and the House and the time Senate for a long  time without a lot of progress being made, but Democrats tried.   Democrats spent a whole year sitting down with the Republicans,  trying to figure out if there was common ground--holding committee  processes, exhaustive hearings. There were 30 days of Senate debate on  the floor. I get it; in the end Republicans didn't support that  package. I get that Republicans can lay blame at the feet of Democrats  for not crafting something that could win Republican support. I  understand how that argument works.   The fact is that when Democrats were in the majority, they tried.  They opened up the committee process. They let everyone in the public  see the debate we were having. Why? Because it is a big deal.   We are talking about one-fifth to one-sixth of the American economy.  If you are talking about reordering that biggest segment of the U.S.  economy, if you are talking about millions of people benefiting or  losing, that shouldn't happen behind closed doors.   My constituents, even though they are represented by Democrats, have  no fewer rights than the citizens of Iowa or the citizens of Texas who  are represented by Republicans. Why are my constituents not allowed to  see the details of what is about to happen to their lives? Why are only  a select group of Americans able to have a voice inside that room? Why  are the people of Connecticut going to get 3 minutes to look at this  bill once it hits the Senate floor? My constituents are Americans, just  as the constituents in Republican States are Americans. They deserve to  know what is about to happen to them.   You are breaking the Senate. It will not get put back together that  easily. These are tough questions. They are partisan questions, but it  doesn't mean there is not an obligation to try to find common ground.  If you can't find common ground, don't bury the proceedings behind  closed doors where nobody can see it.   People hate this bill. They hate this bill. They hate it in part  because they don't trust the process. When they see this balance--tax  breaks for pharma, insurance, and rich people--and then losing  coverage, they want to know why they lose and why super rich people  win, but they can't get answers because it is all happening behind  closed doors.   It is not too late. I will just end there. Senator Schatz said it  right: It is not too late. My Republican colleagues can reject this and  say: Let's start over. Let's sit down and see if there are some  Democrats who want to work on stabilizing these exchanges, seeing if  there is some middle ground, being able to build a bipartisan consensus  when it comes to the future of the healthcare system.   It is not too late. I think you are going hear that consistently from  my colleagues this evening.   I yield the floor.    I have yielded the floor, but I will happily engage in a  colloquy.    I think we all got a gut punch earlier today. We received  news that the young man who just returned from North Korea, after being  abused and tortured there, had passed. If you read the statement from  his family, it was hard to read. You couldn't help but read that  without feeling your heart drop into your stomach. Why? Because this  was a young man with such promise ahead of him, who had that future  robbed from him.   I didn't know him. My colleague didn't know him. The people in my  State who were similarly affected didn't know him, yet they felt  something.   I think the reason this bill is so wildly unpopular is that people  are going to die. The fact is, if people don't get coverage for  addiction, if folks who are mentally ill don't get to see a doctor,  they aren't going to survive. Even those who have enough money to be  able to pay for the premium increases in this bill--they know there is  something a little evil in wanting to do this to people.   As my colleague remarked, even if you are not amongst the 23 million  people who lose insurance, the CBO also says your rates are going up  because when those people don't get health insurance, they show up  somewhere else in the system. They show up at the emergency rooms. They  get much more expensive care. That cost gets passed on to the rest of  us.   Even if you are lucky enough not to be amongst the 23 million, you  are going to be personally, financially affected by this. The CBO says  that everyone's rates will go up by 15 to 20 percent. Even if it is not  the money you care about, we are all connected, and nobody should want  this to happen to people. We are all weaker if we pass a piece of  legislation that ends up hurting people in such a real, meaningful, and  devastating way.    I think it is important to understand what the law says.  The  [[Page S3602]]  law says there is only one healthcare provider that by law has to treat  every single person who comes in the door; they can't turn away  individuals based upon their ability to pay. That is the emergency  room.   What we also know is that the emergency room is the place you get the  most expensive care. By the time you get there, you are often in  crisis. The care you receive in the emergency room is expensive, and  then all of the care you need afterward is expensive as well.   I always remember a woman from Connecticut who lost her Medicaid  coverage. In losing her Medicaid coverage, she didn't end up being able  to see a doctor for an infection she had in her foot. It was hurting  her for a long time, that infection. She didn't have Medicaid any  longer, so she just decided to let it hurt. She popped some Tylenol and  hoped it would go away. One day it was so painful that she went to the  emergency room, and it was too late. It was too late. Her foot had  become so badly infected that she had to have that foot--that leg below  her knee--amputated.   She had no insurance, so we all picked up the cost of that, but she  had her life altered in a way that is hard for us to fathom, and there  is not a single winner in that scenario because, obviously, her entire  life is changed because of that.   It is not as if we had saved any money in treating her so shabbily  because we ended up having to cover all of those costs. That is one  story. If you think about what the House bill does, it repeats that  story millions of times over. It is morally bankrupt, but it is also  fiscally imprudent and foolish.    There is, right outside this Chamber, a picture of the  authors of the Connecticut Compromise, two of the Connecticut delegates  to the Constitutional Convention.    I appreciate that shout out to Connecticut. You are  right. The idea of the House is that it is supposed to respond,  perhaps, more quickly to the temporary passions of the public, which is  ironic, given that the passion of the public today is in deep  opposition to this piece of legislation. Unfortunately, the House is  responding to the passions of one very small portion of the public,  which is the extreme Republican base, which maybe is the only remaining  segment of this country that supports the American Health Care Act.   This place is supposed to be able to step back and look at the long  term and look at the long view. That is why we have 6-year terms, so we  don't do something that may feel good in the moment politically but has  devastating impacts over the course of time. That is exactly what this  debate is about. It is about a massive reordering of one-fifth of our  economy that has just enormous consequences over time, when these  people who lose insurance start to feel the effects of that as they  bleed through their savings over 5 or 10 years and go bankrupt at the  back end of that time period.   So this is a place where both parties should be able to sit down and  talk about what this really means for folks. I thought Senator Schatz  put it well. When you don't engage in regular order, not only do you do  things that are very partisan and political, but you also do things  that don't make sense.   One of the things that regular order brings is the ability to talk to  experts. We all sit on committees, and those committees bring experts  to the table to tell us what the impact of legislation is. There has  been no committee process on this bill. We haven't had a single  committee meeting. We had one hearing in the HELP committee upon which  I sit.   So as Senator Schatz said, the result is a product that is garbage-- that, logistically, does not work because neither the House nor the  Senate engaged in the kind of deliberation that would get you to the  facts. Yes, this place is supposed to work differently, but also you  are supposed to use the committee process to make sure that you are not  passing something that just makes sense politically but makes sense  from a policy standpoint as well.   