 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  motion to recommit.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Speaker, I believe in bipartisanship,  which means that oftentimes I am disappointed in this institution, but  today I am not disappointed, I am shocked. I am shocked that some would  politicize such a sensitive, desperate situation that so many  Americans, from Texas to Puerto Rico, are facing at this hour.   My colleagues say they want to help the people of Puerto Rico, the  people of the Florida Keys in my district, and others throughout the  country. A lot of them have come here boasting about the fact that they  have never opposed a disaster relief package, yet they are willing to  do so today. Why? To try to attempt to score political points.   I think that is wrong, and I can't help but take it personally,  because my constituents really need this help.   The people of Puerto Rico, by the way, the person they elected to  this chamber, Jenniffer Gonzalez-Colon, supports this legislation;  Stacey Plaskett of the Virgin Islands, our colleague, put her name to  this legislation as well; Chairman Brady, whose constituents are trying  to recover in the Houston area, is asking for passage of this  legislation, yet people from other parts of the country are coming to  this floor saying: No, that is not good enough for your constituents.   So if my constituents get nothing, I should tell them: That is right.  Someone from elsewhere said that because this wasn't good enough, you  get nothing.   That is just wrong. This is an important first step that we have to  take to help people in all of these jurisdictions, especially the  people of Puerto Rico, because we know that the situation there is in  no way comparable to anything that has happened on the mainland.   It is personal for me in that sense as well, because guess what? When  my wife's family was exiled from Cuba, they went to Puerto Rico and  they were welcomed there. My wife's two elder brothers were born in  Puerto Rico. My wife still has family in Puerto Rico, and I know that  this legislation would improve their situation.   Can we do more? Should we do more? Should we work together to do more  in the future? Yes, we should and we will, but that is no excuse to  vote against this legislation, that is no excuse to leverage the  suffering of these people to try to achieve a political objective or  even to advance different legislation.   I respectfully ask all my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, and  I thank the 26 Democrats who stood with us on Monday, and I ask them to  do it again today and for more to join us, to send a strong message of  national unity for the people of Florida, Texas, Louisiana, the U.S.  Virgin Islands, and, yes, Puerto Rico.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is  ordered on the motion to recommit.   There was no objection.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit.   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the noes appeared to have it.   