 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 69,  a bill to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal a rule issued by  the Fish and Wildlife Service to restrict hunting within national  wildlife refuges in Alaska.   I would like to commend Congressman Young for his leadership on  crafting this legislation and for defending his constituents' right to  manage the wildlife in their home State.   Mr. Speaker, the assertion that the repeal of this rule would allow  unethical management and hunting practices is utterly false. Alaskans  have hunted and managed their land for generations, and this overreach  by the Fish and Wildlife Service simply impedes their ability to do  just that.   Allow me to read from the 2016-2017 Alaska Trapping Regulations, one  of many sound management documents usurped by this bureaucratic  overreach:   ``Wolves and bears are very effective and efficient predators of  caribou, moose, deer, and other wildlife. In most of Alaska, humans  also rely on the same species for food. In Alaska's Interior, predators  kill more than 80 percent of the moose and caribou that die during an  average year, while humans kill less than 10 percent. In most of the  state, predation holds prey populations at levels far below what could  be supported by the habitat in the area. Predation is an important part  of the ecosystem, and all . . . wolf management programs, including  control programs, are designed to sustain wolf populations in the  future.''   Additionally, the regulations go on to say:   ``You may not: disturb or destroy beaver houses or any furbearer  den.'' Such as wolves, coyote, or mink.   Mr. Speaker, the claim that this bill will allow Alaskans to hunt  wolves in their dens is simply false rhetoric, designed to mislead the  public, while bureaucrats take away the rights of Alaskans. The people  of Alaska rely on these lands to provide for their families, and this  Fish and Wildlife rule attempts to insert Washington bureaucrats into  that process.  [[Page H1263]]    Mr. Speaker, I cringe to think about U.S. Fish and Wildlife usurping  established law. I cringe to think about U.S. Fish and Wildlife  legislating themselves more power through the rulemaking process. I  cringe to think about U.S. Fish and Wildlife expanding the regulations  in Alaska, and I sure as heck don't want them expanding them in  Arkansas.   Mr. Speaker, this is a slippery slope, and I urge my colleagues to  rescind this overreach and support this resolution.   