 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1219, the  Supporting America's Innovators Act of 2017.   This bill will increase the number of accredited investors who can  invest in an angel or venture fund before requiring the fund to  register as an investment company. This will encourage capital  formation in one of the major types of funds that seed startups and  helps bring new ideas to market.   Innovation and invention are integral to economic growth, but new  ideas are only the first step in the type of businesses that can grow  the economic pie. It is crucial that these companies have access to  capital to grow and to bring the product to market. Competition from  startups, bolstered by access to funding, creates jobs and forces  incumbent firms to stay aggressive in their own research and  development.   H.R. 1219 is exactly the type of bipartisan legislation that Congress  should be considering to facilitate capital formation.   This bill will make it easier to form a fund made up of sophisticated  investors who can assess and bear the risks that come with investing in  startups. These funds are capped at $10 million in paid-in and callable  capital. This means the funds will largely be engaged in angel  investing that helps early-stage investors build a better mousetrap.  These funds can often be cheaper for the company and can be structured  as equity debt or a combination of both.   A fund like this can bring expertise and connections that increase  the likelihood of success for the inventor. It can also spread the risk  and rewards for investors because it is important to note that not  every invention will turn into the next big thing.   We need a startup ecosystem that encourages the testing of new ideas  and products with a wide range of risks and rewards. This bill is a  targeted measure to help create that ecosystem by enhancing the ability  of early-stage companies to get funding.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill today.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from  Rhode Island for yielding and for leading this important conversation.   We come here today to call attention to a misguided turn that this  administration proposes to take in our country's cultural history.   I am the only Ph.D physicist in Congress, so I frequently come to the  floor to speak out in defense of science and scientific research, but I  am here today  [[Page H2776]]  for another reason, to call attention to the grave threat that  President Trump's budget poses to the future of our country's arts and  culture.   What is it that makes a country great; and how will our country be  viewed a generation from now, a century from now, or in the next  millennia?   To answer this question, we can only look to the great nations of the  past. Why was Athens great in a way that Sparta never was?   Why is Florence, under the Medici, revered and remembered in a way  that its forgotten competitors never are?   It is because, after they defended their homeland, after they  conquered their rivals in war, after they triumphed in commerce, those  countries invested a significant fraction of their national wealth in  things that had nothing to do with material conquest.   The Medici supported the science and the art of Leonardo da Vinci,  Michelangelo, and the Renaissance masters; and Athens supported the  immortal accomplishments of the Greek storytellers, historians,  artists, and philosophers, and that is what made them great.   For many decades, our country has supported the arts and humanities  through the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities. Now  our President has proposed a budget that would cut these Endowments  completely in favor of more defense spending and a useless wall on our  southern border.   The National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities provide  critical funding for students and organizations throughout the country,  including in my district in Illinois. His budget proposes that we wipe  them away completely. These cuts might make the President feel like a  hero in the short term, but they will be a disaster for our country's  place in human history.   Programs that support understanding of the arts and humanities play a  vital role in our society. They give us knowledge and a shared cultural  base that we rely on every day, regardless of what career we go into.  And they also help children and students of all ages embrace the  complexity and the wonder of humanity.   History, literature, and the arts connect us to a common past and  allow us to explore our differences and to understand places beyond our  own imaginations. Simply put, the arts and humanities teach us how to  be compassionate and understanding toward other people. This is what  makes America truly great.   The National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for  the Humanities help show us what it means to be human because,  regardless of who you are and what you do, knowledge, empathy, and  compassion are the national values and the human values that we need to  defend, not with bombs and fighter jets, but with sustained support and  the cultivation of knowledge and culture.   Now, for most of my career in science, I worked at Fermi National  Accelerator Laboratory. The founding director of Fermilab, Robert  Wilson, spoke eloquently about this over 40 years ago. Bob was a  physicist who worked on the Manhattan Project and who walked away  from his security clearance and dedicated his life to pure science, to  building giant accelerators, experiments, international collaborations  at Fermilab to explore the fundamental properties of matter.    He was also an artist who, after he made all of the magnets and  particle accelerators, then filled his laboratory with graceful and  imaginative art.   In 1969, he was called to testify in front of the Joint Committee on  Atomic Energy to answer why it was that we were spending all of this  money at Fermilab during the Cold War and what all this had to do with  the national defense.   Robert Wilson looked the committee in the eye and said that all of  the work at Fermilab, driven by natural human curiosity, has nothing at  all to do with the national defense except, perhaps, to make our  country more worth defending.   So I would hope that a President so bent on building his wall and  increasing our defense budget by over $50 billion, to the detriment of  funding for education, science, and the arts, would pause for a moment  and heed those words from history so that a century from now, when our  children and grandchildren look back on this time in our country's  history, they will see that the human values of our country were always  what made it more worth defending, in part, because of the greatness  that the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities have  sustained for decades.   So I thank my colleague from Rhode Island for this important  discussion.   