 Mr. President, today we join the stunned community of  Sutherland Springs, TX--a small town near San Antonio--in mourning the  loss of too many innocent lives. One innocent life is too many.   I listened to the impassioned comments of our colleague from New York  asking us to do something, but I actually think it is important we  understand exactly what did happen, and once the fog of this terrible  tragic event lifts, after the law enforcement agencies can do the  appropriate investigation, then I think it is appropriate for us to  ask: What can we do, consistent with the Constitution and laws of the  United States--what can we do to make something like this less likely?   I wish I was optimistic there was some magic wand we could wave and  that we could prevent terrible tragedies like this, but in a free and  open society, unfortunately, we don't have that magic wand.   On the other hand, we have arrived at a consensus, I think, in this  country, that background checks, for example, are appropriate for  people suffering from mental illness, people who committed previous  felonies. Those people are banned from possessing or purchasing  firearms, and there is a consensus that they should be banned.   There are some early reports--and, again, the fog of this terrible  tragedy has not yet lifted. We need clarity in order to know what did  and did not happen and where we might be able to act to make a  difference. There is some indication by some news reports that this  individual had committed domestic violence and had been convicted of  that by a court-martial. That, too, would likely have been a  disqualifying factor in his ability to possess or purchase firearms. So  we need to know exactly what the facts are.   I appreciate the passion of our colleague from New York. We are all  stunned by what happened, but I think being rational people, we ought  to want to know exactly what the facts are before we decide what the  best course of action might be. It may be that, like we saw a few years  back at Virginia Tech, an individual who had previously been  adjudicated mentally ill, that determination, that judgment was not  entered into the National Instant Background Checks System run by the  FBI, and because it wasn't--because of a failure of communication  between the State and Federal authorities--he was able to purchase a  firearm when he was legally disqualified from being able to do so.   So those are the sorts of things I think we could work together on. I  know, for example, after the terrible shooting in Las Vegas, I was  shocked, like so many others were, that somebody could essentially  bypass the prohibition against making a semiautomatic weapon into an  automatic weapon by the use of the so-called bump stock. As somebody  who enjoys the outdoors and is a hunter and enjoys recreational  shooting, I can tell you I know of no sportsman, no hunter, who uses a  bump stock. It seems to me the sole purpose of this is to bypass the  prohibition about turning semiautomatic weapons into automatic weapons.  That is something I hope the Senate Judiciary Committee will continue  to look into and determine whether the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and  Firearms ought to be extended the authority to regulate the so-called  bump stocks.   Back when President Obama was President of the United States, the  Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms said they did not believe they  had the authority, but several of us have written to them and asked  them to clarify for us just where they think they do have authority and  where they feel they need additional authority so we can work with  them, hopefully, to prevent terrible tragedies like that from occurring  in the future.   Yesterday we all received the news that a gunman opened fire on  parishioners at First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, TX, killing  at least 26 people during the Sunday morning church service. I can't  imagine a more vulnerable time. People were sitting in the pews with  their heads bowed and their eyes closed and then were exposed to this  madman unleashing death in that house of worship. The victims included  young children and a pregnant woman, among others. All 26 of them are  now gone, aged 18 months to 72 years old.   This small community and an entire Nation must now bind its wounds as  we mourn the dead and meet the face of evil with moral clarity and a  newfound determination to stem the violence that continues to plague  the United States of the America.   We saw in New York that somebody used a vehicle--a car--to mow down  people and to kill people as an act of terrorism.   We are vulnerable in so many ways because we are an open society.  Unfortunately, these sorts of tragedies seem to come back to us time  and again, and we in Texas are not immune.   We remember the knife attack at the University of Texas in Austin  earlier this year. We remember the shooting of police officers in  downtown Dallas last year, where five police officers perished, and at  Fort Hood in 2009. Each of  [[Page S7008]]  these events has been shocking, inexplicable, and, certainly,  reprehensible.   This tragedy may be the worst of all. That this event occurred in a  house of worship makes it all the more grotesque and despicable. Hymns  of praise were silenced, and those led to cries for help.   The shooting in Sutherland Springs has been called the deadliest mass  shooting in Texas history. It is perhaps better understood by the words  of one man whose mother and father were both killed yesterday. He was  sitting on the curb, outside the emergency room, at Connally Memorial  Medical Center in Floresville, a town nearby. Shaken to the core, he  called the events of yesterday ``unimaginable.'' It is impossible to  comprehend what it must have felt like to wake up this morning in  Sutherland Springs--a small, tight-knit, rural community that is  roughly 35 miles southeast of San Antonio--with so many neighbors lost  and the sound of yesterday's gunfire and sirens still ringing in the  air.   One of the people who lost her life was Crystal Holcombe, who died  with her unborn child and several relatives. Another was Annabelle  Pomeroy, a shy 14-year-old girl, whose uncle describes her as an  ``angel in the flesh.''   We know, thankfully, that two Good Samaritans turned on and pursued  the shooter and may have prevented this nightmare from lasting even  longer. We are grateful for the heroism and the quick decisive action  of these two men. We know that about 20 injured remain in hospitals,  including a 5-year-old, Ryland Ward, who was shot multiple times.   Yesterday I spoke with Texas Governor Greg Abbott and Wilson County  Sheriff Joe Tackitt, Jr., and offered not only my condolences but my  unequivocal and complete support. Sheriff Tackitt said that the bloody  scene inside First Baptist was horrific, but that the response to the  tragedy was instantaneous. First responders from the surrounding area,  as well as State and Federal officials, inundated Sutherland Springs  with logistical resources and personnel, offering their love and  compassion, as well--a proud display of what I often see, which is an  attitude that being a Texan doesn't describe just where you are from.  It describes who your family is.   Today I join the sheriff, as well as Governor Abbott, and my friend  Representative Henry Cuellar, in whose congressional district this  tragedy occurred, my colleague in the Senate, Senator Cruz, and so many  other Texans in asking God for healing and for understanding.   We know the investigation into exactly what happened and why is  ongoing, and it is important that we allow this investigation to be  completed so we can know what happened and exactly what we might be  able to do to prevent tragedies like this from occurring in the future.   I hope that Texans who call Sutherland Springs and First Baptist  Church home will soon have some answers. I send my thoughts and prayers  to those who lost parents, children, friends, and relatives in this  outrageous and inhuman act. I hope each of us will pledge to be a light  in the darkness. To the families whose lives are forever changed by  this atrocity, let us provide a strong shoulder of support.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   