 Mr. President, we are at a critical juncture in our  investigation into Russia's interference in last year's election and  potential collusion by Americans with Russia's meddling and obstruction  of justice that may have occurred. Those issues are under investigation  by the Judiciary Committee, which has a unique responsibility because  we exercise oversight concerning the Department of Justice and the FBI.  So the firing of James Comey, among other actions that raised issues  regarding potential collusion and obstruction of justice, is very much  appropriate and necessary for our inquiry to determine.   We also have a unique responsibility because only the Judiciary  Committee can make public for the American people to know and  understand what happened that may involve obstruction of justice and,  equally important, what can be done to prevent it in the future. The  Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate can legislate.   There are other investigations ongoing involving the special counsel,  who will determine criminal culpability, and the Intelligence  Committees of both the House and the Senate, which have a  counterterrorism responsibility, but they rarely legislate in the way  that the Judiciary Committee does.   I am proud to serve on the Judiciary Committee. I greatly respect the  leadership of our committee: Chairman Grassley, who is a straight  shooter, cares deeply about the integrity of our judicial process, and  has a longstanding and distinguished record of protecting  whistleblowers; and our ranking member, Senator Dianne Feinstein of  California, who has been a steadfast champion of judicial integrity.   Every week we are seeing cascading disclosures that reflect potential  collusion or cooperation between the Trump campaign and Russian  officials. These disclosures reflect on the obstruction of justice that  is front and center of the Judiciary Committee's investigation.   Just this week, through a stunning expose in The Atlantic, later  confirmed by Donald Trump, Jr., himself, the American people learned of  secret exchanges between WikiLeaks and Donald Trump, Jr., during the  2016 Presidential campaign. The exchanges began in September 2016--2  months before the election. Over the course of those exchanges,  WikiLeaks sent literally dozens of messages to Trump Junior, who sent  back at least three messages. He acted at WikiLeaks' behest at least  one time, tweeting out a link to the hacked emails of John Podesta,  Jr., at WikiLeaks' suggestion. He told other high-ranking officials on  the Trump campaign that WikiLeaks had reached out to him in an  extraordinarily revealing message. At no point did he rebuff the  advances--in fact, just the opposite. At no point did he reject those  overtures from WikiLeaks. And what we are seeing, particularly in the  familiar tone, almost intimate nature of these exchanges back and  forth, is the possibility that what we have discovered is just the tip  of the iceberg in those exchanges.   These revelations are stunning. They are jaw-dropping. The son of the  President of the United States--then candidate--actively engaged and  may have coordinated strategy with a group that the current CIA  Director has called a ``hostile intelligence service.'' The present  Director of the CIA, appointed by the President of the United States,  Donald Trump, characterized WikiLeaks as a ``hostile intelligence  service''--and that is a direct quote--and then observed that it is  often abetted by hostile Nation states like Russia.   Without subpoenaing Donald Trump, Jr., to testify in public, we  cannot be sure we have the full record.   One of the most stunning aspects of this exchange, indeed, was its  very personal tone. Many who read the coverage may sense and feel,  understandably and rightly, that we are reading fragments of a longer  and larger conversation that may have involved other participants or  relied on other means of communication. We are inevitably and  inexorably left with some very key questions:   How did Donald Trump, Jr., know of WikiLeaks' plan to leak Podesta's  emails before they were even released?   Why did WikiLeaks feel confident it could inform Trump Junior that  they had hacked Podesta's emails without worrying that he would turn  this information over to law enforcement? Hacking is a crime. How could  WikiLeaks be in the least bit confident that Donald Trump, Jr., would  not report that crime to the proper authorities? And he did not.   Perhaps most crucially, why would Trump Junior see an invitation from  WikiLeaks to coordinate efforts as anything other than inappropriate,  unethical, and a potentially illegal act?   Given the stakes, my expectation was--and the American people could  likewise expect the same--that our committee would act quickly and  transparently to answer those questions raised by these messages as  well as the interview conducted by our committee staff of Donald Trump,  Jr. That is what I was expecting when these messages were first  provided to the Judiciary Committee roughly 2 months ago. My  expectation was that Donald Trump, Jr., would be compelled to testify  and that he would be subpoenaed to provide a full record of his  communications relating to Russia's interference in our elections.  Surely those subpoenas that were discussed, even issued over the  summer, would now be reissued and enforced.    The lack of action has been frustrating to me. Likewise, I have been  disappointed that we have made virtually no progress toward scheduling  a public hearing with Donald Trump, Jr., and other key individuals  involved in this investigation. The subpoenas have not been reissued. I  have called repeatedly for that action to be taken. The documents have  not been subpoenaed. Those key documents that are so relevant and  necessary to our investigation have not been subpoenaed, as I have  asked to be done repeatedly.   That is why I am here today to raise concerns about the Senate  Judiciary Committee's investigation into Russia's interference in our  election, possible collusion by the Trump campaign, and obstruction of  justice.   The threat is that the investigation is stalling. The danger of lack  of progress is depriving the American people of information they  deserve. I recognize that congressional investigations must operate  methodically, systematically, and in some cases confidentially until  the committee is ready to release its findings. But that  confidentiality can serve an important purpose if it aids an  investigation--not if it engenders the kind of lack of trust that is  clearly a possibility here, not if it engenders that lack of trust, not  if it endangers confidence and trust in the process. There may be a  need for confidentiality to encourage cooperation of witnesses, but  ultimately the American people deserve disclosure.   There is a need for impetus and urgency in this investigation. The  American people must be made aware of key facts and issues raised by  these documents and the interviews conducted so far. My hope is that  colleagues will join me in asking for more progress, more disclosure,  and more transparency, because the American people need and deserve  that kind of disclosure.   Without the exposure provided by a free and independent press,  justice delayed could have extended into justice denied. That is the  danger. Secrecy threatens to stall the investigation, and my hope is  that we will have the kind of transparency in greater measure that is  necessary for trust and confidence in this investigation.   I hope my colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee will join me  in demanding that Donald Trump, Jr., and other key figures in the  investigation testify under subpoena, in public,  [[Page S7252]]  under oath, and that documents be subpoenaed as well. The Senate  Judiciary Committee has a particularly critical role in exposing the  truth. Even if criminal charges are never brought, the American people  have a right to know whether their public officials have held  themselves to the standard of honesty, loyalty, and integrity that they  have a right to expect. This body is in the best position to provide  that measure of truth--hopefully the whole truth--to the American  people.   There are many Members whose leadership on this issue I appreciate.  As I mentioned, Senator Feinstein is sending a second tranche of  letters this afternoon on this investigation. But we are allowing time  to pass without progress. That opportunity, once lost, cannot be  recovered with the measure of importance that it deserves. We must  issue subpoenas. We must hold public hearings. We must get to the  truth, and it must be done now.   Thank you.   I will refer these remarks to my colleagues with great respect for  them and for the leadership of this committee. And I will come back to  the floor. I will return to this subject because I think it is so  critically important. The American people deserve more information, and  they deserve better.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   