 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in adamant support of the rule  and, in particular, of H.R. 3441, the Save Local Business Act.   Let me say for my good friend from Massachusetts, you know, the  amendments that he is referring to that have been rejected, they have  been rejected because they are against small business and they are for  Big Government, which American voters have rejected and will continue  to reject.   It may be cliche to say that small and local businesses are the  backbone of our economy, but, at the end of the day, there is no  denying that statement. Small businesses truly are the engine that keep  our economy moving, and when they suffer, our whole economy suffers.   Just take the last 8 years with the minimal growth that we have had.  Since 2015, when the National Labor Relations Board adopted an expanded  definition of the joint employers standard, upending decades of  precedent and redefining who an employer is, there has been much  confusion and ambiguity. For example, since then, there have been over  65,000 letters sent to Congress expressing confusion and asking for  clarity in the aftermath of this rule.   This is unacceptable. Locally owned franchises are America's unseen  small businesses, and in my district alone, the Fifth District of South  Carolina, there are roughly 2,000 establishments that provide over  15,000 jobs with an economic output of over $1 billion.   Small business development, economic growth, and entrepreneurs will  continue to be hurt by the National Labor Relations Board's excessive  broad definition of the term ``joint employer.'' Until Congress finds a  concrete solution with this piece of legislation, it will continue to  do so.   This bill, Mr. Speaker, provides clarity for small and local  businesses as to what it means to be a joint employer, restoring  necessary clarity for employers and employees alike.   I strongly encourage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to support this bipartisan bill helping small businesses all across the  Nation, and I congratulate the Congressman from Alabama for proposing  this bill.   