 Madam President, for the past several months, Republicans  in Washington have done just about everything they can to hide their  healthcare repeal bill. Remember that way back in the beginning they  tried to actually move a bill without a CBO score. Then, they realized  that even Republicans didn't want to vote on something without knowing  how much it would cost or how many people would lose healthcare  coverage. So they said the score didn't matter or that it was wrong,  except for in the areas where they liked the numbers. They trashed the  CBO even though, for the last 8 years, they referred to the CBO to make  their argument against the Affordable Care Act.   When that didn't work, they tapped 13 men to draft a bill in secret.  It is no surprise that a bill crafted without women, without hearings,  and without Democrats was not able to cross the finish line.   Now they are actually back to their original plan, which is to push  legislation without a score from the CBO. In other words, we are going  to go to next week, and we are going to vote without knowing how bad  this bill is. This is not the way the Senate is supposed to work. If  there is no score, there should be no vote.   Clearly, CBO got back to the Senate today and said that they will  have enough time to analyze the fiscal impact of this proposal, but  they will not be able to analyze the impact it has on our constituents.   So do you remember the last 2 or 3 iterations of this bill? People  were concerned with the fiscal impact. But remember that the headlines  were that 18 million people lose coverage, 26 million people lose  coverage, and 32 million people lose coverage.   We are going to vote next week not knowing how many people are going  to lose coverage. It shouldn't matter what side of the aisle you sit  on. We should all be able to agree that something as complicated as  healthcare needs as much debate as we could possibly get, and that is  certainly more than the 90 seconds that procedurally we have left on  this bill.   After all, this is one-sixth of the American economy, but for the  third time this year, Republicans are going to do whatever it takes to  pass a healthcare bill, even if no one knows what is in it or what it  will do, even if this bill is very clearly bad policy. By doing this,  they are letting down millions of Americans who were counting on the  Senate to be the cooling saucer and to slow down and consider policy  carefully.   There has been very little debate around this bill. We have not heard  from doctors. We have not heard from patients or advocacy groups. We  have not heard from healthcare administrators or economists. That is  because we have had no hearings.   Just tonight, Senate Finance Chairman Hatch announced that on Monday  at 10 a.m. his committee will hold a hearing on the bill, and I am  hopeful that, through that process, we will begin to understand the  damage that this bill will do. But right now, here is what we know.  This is actually the most extreme of all of the versions of TrumpCare  that we have seen. Here is what it does. It eliminates everything in  the ACA that was essential: tax credits and subsidies to help people to  afford their insurance; the Medicaid expansion, which is very, very  successful and very popular; and the protocols that we have in place  for people with preexisting conditions.   It eliminates Medicaid as we know it. This bill eliminates Medicaid  as we know it. So what they did was that they established block grants,  which means you get a fixed amount. Each State gets a fixed amount for  Medicaid. Then, those Medicaid block grants disappear after 10 years.   It is shocking to me that having failed to get the votes, they went  further to the right, with deeper cuts to Medicaid--both to the  Medicaid expansion program and to the Medicaid Program as it existed  before the Affordable Care Act. They went ahead and said: You know, we  only got to 49 votes last time. So I think what we should do is to  eliminate all of the subsidies, all of the patient protections, all of  the essential health benefits, and all of the Medicaid expansion, and  let's take Medicaid as it exists and eviscerate it.   The latest version of TrumpCare will take healthcare coverage away  from tens of millions of people.   Last week our country hit an important milestone. The number of  Americans who do not have health insurance fell to a historic low of  8.8 percent. That means that 9 out of 10 Americans now have health  insurance. But instead of celebrating this milestone, Republicans are  about to end our country's progress on healthcare.   Americans who don't lose their coverage will still get hurt with  higher premiums or insurance plans that don't cover basic things like  getting help for opioid addiction, pregnancy, hospital stays, mental  health. So if this bill passes, healthcare will no longer be a right in  this country. It will be a privilege. It depends on where you live,  [[Page S5820]]  where you work, and how much money you make.   This bill devastates one of the best and most successful programs  this country has, and that is Medicaid. This is a program that helps  one out of every five Americans and two out of every five children. It  helps one out of every two families with a newborn baby, and it covers  three out of every four long-term nursing home residents. Medicaid  saves lives--nursing home patients, people struggling with opioid  addiction, and people who are working two jobs but still don't have  enough to cover their own healthcare.   This bill destroys Medicaid as we know it. They start off by putting  traditional Medicaid into what they call per capita caps or block  grants. That basically means that, whatever money was spent last year,  that is the amount the State gets in perpetuity until they just zero it  out completely. What that means is that States will be left without  adequate Federal funding for Medicaid. Think about what this means for  the healthcare infrastructure in this country.   In many States hospitals and local governments have actually designed  the healthcare system based on a certain amount of Federal funding  coming in. If you take away that funding, hospitals will collapse. In  rural areas, hospitals and clinics will close, and people will be left  without options and ultimately without access. That is just the damage  done by cutting Medicaid.   This bill also lets insurance companies opt out of covering what they  call ``essential health benefits.'' This is a term of art, a piece of  jargon. So I want to explain what this means. Under current law, there  are certain things that have to be in any healthcare plan. Those are  called essential health benefits. You buy a healthcare plan, wherever  you buy it. If you get an employer-covered plan, if it is a DOD plan or  a VA plan, or if you are on the exchange--whatever it is--it has to  cover certain things. Let me list what is covered right now as an  essential health benefit: ambulatory patient services, emergency  services, hospitalization, maternity and newborn care, mental health  and substance abuse services, prescription drugs, rehab, lab services,  preventive and wellness services, chronic disease management, and  pediatric services. These are the things that actually have to be in  your healthcare plan under ACA.    Yet do you know what this bill does? It says: No need. Configure your  healthcare plan however you see fit.   If you are a health insurance company and if you are a for-profit  health insurance company, you are going to pick and choose these things  based on what is profitable, and if there is a certain thing that is  costing you a lot of money, you are under no obligation to provide any  of these health benefits because it is not in the law anymore. This  eviscerates essential health benefits.   This bill will also take away protections for people with preexisting  conditions. Nothing will hold States back from allowing insurers to  charge people with diabetes more or people with cancer more for their  health insurance. Experts have started to look at what this will mean  for people with preexisting conditions, and they will pay thousands of  dollars more. A patient with asthma will pay more than $4,000 a year  extra if this bill passes, while a patient with metastatic cancer will  pay $142,000 extra. If you have metastatic cancer, this bill will cost  you $142,000. If you have a kid with asthma, that will be $4,000 a  year. This is their healthcare bill--to charge people more who get  sick. That is their healthcare bill.   Everything that is working under our healthcare system is being  shredded by this bill. Take Planned Parenthood. These health centers  serve millions of women and men across the country. They are part of  the solution, not the problem, but this bill cuts funding to Planned  Parenthood, which will cause many of these clinics to close.   I want you to think about how many people in this country are  actually employed in the healthcare industry. When the Affordable Care  Act started to kick in, research estimated that as many as half a  million jobs were created. But if millions of people are to lose their  insurance, that means that they will lose access. If fewer people can  access healthcare, that means that we will have fewer doctors, nurses,  and technicians. In other words, cuts to healthcare coverage are also  cuts to American jobs.   I know that, in a lot of rural communities across Hawaii and across  West Virginia and across the country, the community healthcare centers  or the small rural hospitals are not just the centers of their  communities in a social context or in a community context, but a lot of  the time they are the economic drivers. So this will do great damage to  rural America.   I end by making clear what this means for Americans and their  healthcare. This is bad policy, plain and simple. It is bad if you live  in a State like Ohio, where lives have literally been changed because  people now have access to prescription drugs or to a primary care  provider under Medicaid. It is bad for people who buy their insurance  on the exchanges because their prices are going to go up.   It is really bad for people with disabilities. This is not unusual.  For whatever reason, people with disabilities are the first to be  punished when the battle over healthcare comes up.   It is bad for people with preexisting conditions because States will  no longer be required to protect their ability to get healthcare. This  bill does not pass Senator Cassidy's own Jimmy Kimmel test. That is why  more than half a million doctors in the United States have come out as  being opposed to this bill, because it will take healthcare away from  the people who need it, who are sick, and who will not be able to get  healthcare if the bill goes into law.   This may feel like the zombie bill we have killed several times  already. I know it feels like that for me. I am sure that people are  exhausted. I am sure that people thought this was over. We had that  magnificent moment on the Senate floor when John McCain walked over to  that well right there and did a thumbs down. I tell everybody back home  that it is so rare that politics is just like the movies, but that  night was just like the movies. John McCain saved healthcare for the  American people and put us on a path toward regular order. What does  ``regular order'' mean? I did not know what that phrase meant until I  came to this institution. Regular order just means that the Senate  understands that it has a special obligation in American society--that  we are the place in which we are supposed to handle tough issues.   Chairman McCain pricked our consciences as Senators. Forget Democrats  and Republicans; forget Liberals and Conservatives. We are all here  because we want to try to make a difference. So there we were with  Lamar Alexander, the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee, and Patty Murray, the top Democrat on that  committee. They were ready to work on a bipartisan basis. Lamar had  held hearings and, by all accounts, they had had tough negotiations and  difficult challenges, not as much progress as you would want or as  quickly as you would want. That is the way legislating works. They are  in a bipartisan process, and we show up here, and that process is in  danger of being blown up.   This bill is a rotten piece of legislation. It is not like this thing  has been vetted by experts. It is not like this thing is bipartisan. It  is not like this thing will help. It would be one thing if this were  absolutely necessary. Then, you could make some procedural  accommodations because you just must. This is a political necessity for  a party that has not yet had a legislative win. That is why they are  doing this. They are in a hurry because they have until September 30 to  check a box called ``We repealed and replaced the Affordable Care  Act.'' They have no new ideas. So what they did was to take all of the  bad ideas from all of their previous bills and put them into one bill,  and they are going to take one last swing at it.   I cannot tell you how disappointed I am, not just on policy but on  process. I was never prouder to be in the Senate than on that early  morning, after a long session, when John came in and, in my view, saved  the Senate and put us on a path toward regular order. Do not blow that  up. We have a chance to do things in a bipartisan way and restore the  dignity of this institution, but what we are fixing to do next week  will take us in a very, very dark direction.  [[Page S5821]]    I yield the floor.    Madam President, I thank the Senator from Connecticut.   That is right. I would just point out that they are going to get the  fiscal impact from the CBO in order to comply with the terms of  reconciliation, but that is, actually, not what impacts the American  people the most.   When you get a CBO score--and it is exactly right, what the Senator  from Connecticut said--you find out what impact it has on your home  State. You find out the number of Americans who are going to be harmed  by this bill or helped by this bill. What we do know is that,  basically, this contains elements of all of the previous pieces of  legislation. It, actually, just kind of combines them all and puts them  in a pile. So it is very hard for me to imagine, when they do come back  with their analysis, that it will not be 20, 30, 35 million people who  will lose healthcare.   The craziest thing about this is that these Republicans who will vote  yes are going to vote yes and then find out 10 days later that 25  million people are going to lose their healthcare. Why they will not  wait is beyond me, except that they have a deadline to deliver a win  for the President. As near as I can tell, that is the only reason that  they are in such a rush.    Madam President, I think the Senator is right. I agree  with him.   I think that one of the most encouraging things over the last 5 weeks  has been Lamar Alexander and Patty Murray and their ability to work  together. I mean, if you had told, I think, either of us that we were  going to repeal and replace No Child Left Behind with 77 votes in the  Senate, I would have said: I don't know. That seems like it is going to  get into some pretty difficult, partisan, thorny territory.   Yet what Lamar and Patty were able to do is to conduct hearings and  bring us through a process by which we acted like a Senate, and we got  all the votes.   Now we are in that process when it comes to healthcare, and I think  some people feel deeply uncomfortable with empowering the chair men and  women of this body. They feel deeply uncomfortable. They talk about the  regular order, but they really just want to get their way on the floor.   I will just make one other point here. As people on the Republican  side were justifying their ``yes'' votes in BCRA and whatever the other  one was called before that, they were always talking about advancing  the conversation and bringing us into a conference committee  negotiation. Now, because September 30 is the deadline, there will be  no negotiation. If Graham-Cassidy passes the Senate, it will pass the  House, and it will be enacted into law. Nobody will get to hide behind:  Well, this is not perfect, but I want to advance the conversation, and  maybe we can fix this in the House or fix this in the conference  committee.   This is the bill. The bill that gets voted on next week is the bill.  Everybody owns it, and you own the fact that you don't even know what  it is going to do to your own constituents.   