 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I know we are going to vote here fairly  soon, but I just want to address the body before the vote.   Nikki Haley is soon to be the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations,  I believe with a very strong vote in the committee, 19 to 2. Senators  Corker and Cardin did an excellent job of running the hearing. Governor  Haley conducted herself very well. I know that, as Governor of South  Carolina, she has brought us together at home.   She has dealt with some things that are incredibly difficult for any  State. We had a thousand-year flood, and we had the tragedy in  Charleston, with Dylann Roof shooting nine parishioners praying at  Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston. She handled these historic crises  with dignity and grace. She was able to rally the State and remove the  Confederate battle flag from the capitol grounds.   All I can say is that the skill set she has of bringing people  together I have seen. As she goes into this new job, she can learn the  nuances of foreign policy, but diplomacy is something you either have  or you don't. She is tough and determined, and I think she is very  capable of being the United States' voice in the United Nations. As a  matter of fact, I think she will represent us extremely well.   The bottom line is that her story is a uniquely American story-- immigrant parents coming to a small town in South Carolina. She said  very pointedly: I was too light to be African American or Black, and I  was too dark to be White. She is Indian American. She and her family  have contributed greatly to our State.   I think all of us can be proud that Nikki Haley will soon be our  voice and America's face in the United Nations. I think President Trump  chose wisely. I look forward to helping her in her new job. I urge this  body to support her nomination because I have seen her in action. I  think she will represent us all very well.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   