 Mr. President, budget resolutions set general spending  priorities for the Federal Government. The budget resolution before us  today, however, sets a path for so-called tax reform that will benefit  the wealthiest among us on the backs of hard-working Americans. For all  their talk of reining in spending and reducing the debt, the majority  is promoting a budget that will explode the debt by $1.5 trillion. They  propose increasing the debt not to invest in our infrastructure or in  educating the next generation. They propose increasing the debt not to  expand access to healthcare or promote medical research. No--they  propose exploding the debt to give corporations and the top one percent  a tax cut. Once again, they majority is turning away from the  bipartisan traditions of this Senate and toward the hyperpartisan  tactics that do not result in progress for the American people.   This budget invests in millionaires and billionaires like the Trump  family, the Koch brothers, wealthy corporations, and the top 1 percent.  It turns its back on millions of hard-working American families. While  the resolution authorizes a $1.5 trillion increase in the debt,  independent experts calculate that the real cost of the Trump tax plan  will far exceed that amount. How will the majority pay for the  difference? It will slash Medicaid, a proposal already rejected by the  Senate this year. It will slash Medicare. It will slash programs for  veterans and infrastructure.   It will be middle-class Americans who bear the brunt of these cuts.  According to independent analysts, middle-class Americans will see  their home values drop and will experience a tax increase as a result  of the Trump tax plan. This shameful budget sends the message that the  Senate supports putting tax cuts for the wealthy and biggest  corporations on our Nation's credit card and, to the extent we pay for  any of it, that we do so on the backs of the middle class and seniors  and at the expense of protecting the environment. This budget proposes  invading the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. These are not Vermont  values. These are not American values. This is not how our Nation  became the greatest country on Earth.  [[Page S6615]]    After years of claiming that the deficit is one of the greatest  threats to our country, the majority today will waive away any concern  about the long-term impact of increasing it. They argue that the  economic growth spurred by these tax cuts will outpace the foregone  revenue, but as we saw with the Bush tax cuts, this claim is simply not  based in reality. This argument is based on a pyramid scheme of  assumptions on top of assumptions, and while we should be taking a  close look at the Congressional Budget Office's projections--a range of  both dynamic and conventional scores--this budget resolution eliminates  the only existing mechanism that requires the Senate to have a CBO  estimate in advance of a vote. Why might the majority want to rush a  vote before examining the long-term economic impacts of these proposed  tax cuts?   Our Tax Code is complex--very much, overly complex--and I share the  view that it is in need of improvement and simplification. We can and  should have a meaningful debate about tax reform, but any reforms must  be certain to benefit middle-class Americans, not just the top 1  percent. We need to strengthen tax credits that promote community  development and the construction of affordable housing. We should  extend and make permanent tax credits that help those who are  struggling to make ends meet. I am in favor of bipartisan tax reform  that brings both parties together and results in balanced changes to  the current system. That is in the best tradition of the Senate, and it  is the path to enacting truly meaningful reforms that will benefit  every single American.   The Senate should reject this partisan effort, just as it rejected  last month the unsuccessful partisan efforts to roll back health  coverage for millions of Americans. We should--and can--work together  to craft a balanced and sustainable budget and tax reform package. No  package will be perfect, but it should be bipartisan. It should be  fair. The budget before us today fails to meet that test, which is why  I will oppose it.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I agree with my colleague that there are no  recommendations on where these cuts are coming from. Do they come from  the programs that support our Nation's veterans, from the National  Institutes of Health--the cutting-edge cancer research it conducts? You  can't turn research on and off. Scientists don't hit pause.   Does it come from our transportation and infrastructure? If we really  want to make these cuts--and this, of course, would take us well below  the postsequester budget caps that are already $43 billion. If we want  to make cuts, have the courage to stand up and say ``This is the  program I want to cut''--not do something like this, where we don't  know if the cut will be for veterans, education, cancer research, or  anything else.   I oppose the amendment.   To reiterate, I oppose the Paul amendment and urge others to do the  same. The Paul amendment appears to mandate a cut of $43 billion from  nondefense discretionary programs in fiscal year 2018. This is an 8- percent cut to the fiscal year 2018 postsequester budget caps, which  are already $3 billion below last year's levels. It could impact  defense as well.   Of course, Senator Paul provides no recommendations on who he wants  to hurt. Should it come from programs that support our Nation's  veterans? Should it come from the National Institutes of Health and the  cutting-edge cancer research it conducts? You cannot just turn research  on and off. Scientists do not hit pause. What if we take it from  transportation and infrastructure programs that help repair our  Nation's failing roads and bridges?   If those are unacceptable, perhaps we should cut or eliminate  programs that assist our Nation's farmers or help promote economic  growth in rural communities. I think we can all agree that is not going  to happen. It should not happen. We should be investing in our  communities to make sure they have the tools they need to grow and  flourish, not deserting them.   Members on both sides of the aisle have been calling for months for a  bipartisan budget deal. In speech after speech we have heard about the  devastating consequences that sequester has on both defense and  nondefense programs. If we are going to finish this year's  appropriations process, we need a bipartisan budget deal based on  parity that provides us relief from sequester. This amendment takes us  in the opposite direction. I urge a ``no'' vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Time has expired.   The question is on agreeing to the amendment.   