 Mr. Speaker, why, in 2016, would James Comey call the  Clinton investigation a matter, not an investigation?   Last time I checked, he wasn't director of the Federal bureau of  matters.   Why, in 2016, would then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch, one day  before the Benghazi report is due to come out, 5 days before Secretary  Clinton is scheduled to be interviewed by the FBI, meet with former  President Bill Clinton on a tarmac in Phoenix? Why would that happen in  2016?   Why, in the days just following that meeting with the former  President, would Attorney General Loretta Lynch, when corresponding  with the public relations people at the Justice Department via email,  not use her real name and, instead, use the name Elizabeth Carlisle?   Again, it seems to me if you are just talking about grandkids and  golf, you could probably use your real name.   Why, as we have learned recently, reported in The Federalist, why  would the FBI be reimbursing Christopher Steele, the author of the  dossier? Why would that be happening all in 2016?   You know, as the previous speakers have talked about, we have had  this focus the last several months on potential Russia, Trump campaign  collusion and influence, Russian influence on the election.   It seems to me we know something pretty clearly. The Obama  administration Justice Department certainly tried to influence the  election. I mean, I think we can see that without a doubt.   What did we learn today? The gentleman from Florida was talking about  the dossier. What did we learn today?   It was reported today that the cofounder of Fusion GPS, Glenn  Simpson, was meeting with the now famous Russian lawyer, Natalia  Veselnitskaya, both before the meeting that she had with Donald Trump,  Jr., and after the meeting she had with Donald Trump, Jr. I find that  interesting. The story keeps getting better.   When James Comey is fired, he then leaks a government document,  through a friend, to The New York Times. And what was his objective?  What did he tell us?   Under oath, he told us this: Trying to create momentum for a special  counsel.   Of course, it can't just be any special counsel. Who is that special  counsel going to be?   Bob Mueller, his friend, his predecessor, his mentor and, maybe most  importantly, as my good friend from Florida just pointed out, the guy  who was running the FBI when the whole Uranium One deal was going down.   I mean, this is amazing. All we are asking for is for the Attorney  General to name a special counsel to look into all these questions.   Why was it so critical that James Comey call the matter not an  investigation?   Why was it so important that Loretta Lynch not use her real name when  she is talking about the meeting she had with Bill Clinton on the  tarmac?   Why was it so important that we get a special counsel, and that  special counsel be Bob Mueller; so important that James Comey can leak  a document, through a friend, to The New York Times, a government  document? Why was all this so important?   All we are asking for is to name a special counsel to look into this;  and we first asked for this 3\1/2\ months ago. Twenty members of the  Judiciary Committee sent the Attorney General a letter on July 27,  laying out all these questions and saying: Name a special counsel to  look into it.   After all, the taxpayers, the American people, would like the  answers. I know the ones in the Fourth District of Ohio would. I talk  to them all the time.   For 2 months we heard nothing. So five of us went and met with the  Attorney General asking about the July 27 letter, and would they  appoint a special counsel. To date, we have got no answer, no response.   So I appreciate the gentleman from Arizona for organizing this  Special Order. I appreciate my good friend from Florida, the gentleman  from North Carolina, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and the gentleman  from Arizona who are going to join us as well this evening.   It is time for a special counsel to be named to get the answers for  the American people on these fundamental questions. We haven't said  them all. There are lots of other questions, but these are the  fundamental ones. It is time we had a special counsel get to the bottom  of this. That is what we have called for. That is what we want to see  happen. We hope it does, and the sooner the better.   