 Mr. President, as you know, the Children's Health  Insurance Program expired on September 30, in large part because we  spent much of this year and the days leading up to that date debating  the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, instead of focusing on  bipartisan priorities like the Children's Health Insurance Program. As  a result, the program known as CHIP expired and the health of 9 million  children, including some 340,000 Pennsylvania children, are now at  risk.   CHIP is not just a bipartisan program but a successful program with a  Pennsylvania history. It was modeled after a State program in  Pennsylvania that was signed into law by my father when he served as  Governor in the early 1990s. The program provides affordable health  insurance to children whose family incomes mean they don't qualify for  Medicaid but still struggle to find affordable health insurance  options. It is a program that working families rely upon and that  provides peace of mind to parents.    Many families turn to CHIP during times of economic hardship, such as  when a parent loses his or her job. At such a stressful time, I have  heard from parents over and over how they have peace of mind knowing  that their children will get the healthcare they need.   Some parents who rely upon CHIP for their children are, in fact,  students, working and going to school so they can make that leap into  stable, middle-class life. They may not have a job with health  insurance or they may not be able to afford the insurance, but they  know their children will get the healthcare they need.   Regardless of what drives families to the CHIP program, it is thanks  in large part to CHIP that the United States of America has the highest  rate of insured children in our Nation's history. According to the  Census Bureau, 95.5 percent of children had health insurance in 2016.  CHIP is also a popular program, as repeated studies have demonstrated.  Parents think CHIP is a valuable program, and they are satisfied with  the coverage and with the care their children receive.   Unless the Senate acts and acts very soon, we will have betrayed all  of those children and all of those families. There is no reason for  CHIP to have expired and no reason why we shouldn't pass the bill right  now, if not in the next couple of days--certainly, in the next 2 or 3  weeks--to ensure that not one single child loses his or her health  insurance.   We have taken important steps to extend the program. The Finance  Committee marked up the bipartisan Keep Kids' Insurance Dependable and  Secure Act of 2017, known by the acronym K-I-D-S, or KIDS. The KIDS Act  came out of the Finance Committee, which reauthorizes CHIP for 5 years,  and that happened some 3 weeks ago. I am proud to be a cosponsor of  that bill.   So it is time to act. We have a commonsense, bipartisan, successful  bill in the Senate that is ready to go. It is out of the Finance  Committee. So I would urge my colleagues to join me and to join others  who have come to the floor today and on earlier days to take swift  action to pass the KIDS Act.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lee). The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   