 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in favor of the Flake  amendment, No. 52, to protect the elderly and vulnerable.   I think the Senator speaking on the other side of the aisle talking  about Republicans wanting to cut Medicare and Social Security has it a  little backward. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office, under current law Social Security's disability insurance trust  fund will be exhausted by 2022 and its retirement fund will be  exhausted by 2030. Once exhausted, Social Security beneficiaries could  be subject to a cut in their benefits as high as 31 percent if we do  nothing, unless we fix these programs.   The problem with the other side of the aisle right now is they don't  want to fix these programs. If we adopt the Sanders amendment, it will  make it difficult to actually go in and reform these programs in a  manner that will make sure they survive for future generations.   We all know we have to have entitlement reform. We want to do it in a  way that protects future generations. Unless we reform these programs-- and they go in 2022 and 2030--if these benefits are exhausted, people  might be subjected to a 31-percent cut. That is not what we want. That  is why we have to go in and reform them, and that is why we need to  adopt my amendment.   With that, I yield back.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of  applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections  of the act and applicable budget resolutions for the purpose of the  Flake amendment, No. 52, and I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to speak on a subject that often  goes overlooked in this body.   The subject of wasteful spending on parochial pet projects is often  treated as a trivial matter--simply the cost of doing business around  here. Imagine if every Member of Congress were as obsessed with  searching for government waste as the players of the mobile game  Pokemon Go are obsessed with finding the elusive Pokemon, as the chart  shows here.   Just like the monsters in the popular game, government pork projects  come in all shapes and sizes. They pop up just about everywhere. As  individual expenses, these pet projects can seem rather harmless--cute,  even. But taken together, their cost adds up to one very menacing  boondoggle debt monster that continues to grow and threaten every  taxpayer. In fact, within days, the U.S. national debt will top $20  trillion.   As we debate the budget resolution, we need to get serious about  controlling the debt like the true national security challenge it is.  We start by eliminating unnecessary spending and catching government  waste.   My friend and former colleague Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma created  an annual report cataloging some of the most egregious ways Washington  wastes our tax dollars. It is called the Wastebook. Today, I am  releasing the latest installment, which profiles 50 new examples of  questionable expenditures. This year's edition is entitled ``Wastebook:  PORKemon Go.''   Like the Pokedex, which lists the various Pokemon for players to  catch, Wastebook provides an index of questionable expenditures lurking  throughout the Federal budget. These collectively cost taxpayers more  than $5 billion, but instead of Pikachu, we are looking out for  PORKachu.  [[Page S193]]    The top entry in this year's Wastebook is a spaceport--which is just  a fancy word to say a rocket launch site--all the way over in Alaska.  It has been derided as space pork, not because it is launching an elite  unit of porcine astronauts into the big trough in the sky, it is  because Congress used earmarks to force the Department of Defense to  build the facility, over the objections of the military, as part of an  illegal kickback scheme.   A midlevel DOD employee, who was sentenced to prison for  masterminding the plot, eventually confessed that building the launch  facility ``doesn't make sense.'' He said the Pentagon ``just paid for  meaningless work.'' Keep in mind, this was a contractor on that  project. After sitting unused for several years, the Pentagon is now  sinking another $80 million into the spaceport. This is despite the  fact that it is not even equipped with the type of missiles that DOD  plans to launch for the site.    Another entry, the National Comedy Center in New York must be  laughing all the way to the bank with $1.7 million from the Economic  Development Administration, or EDA. This will be spent to bring Lucille  Ball back to the stage as a hologram. The three-dimensional illusion of  Lucy is formed with light beams from a laser, which will replicate  standup routines using existing audio recordings.   Holograms of other comedians who are no longer with us will also take  the stage in the center's comedy club. Other features will include a  boot camp on how to deliver jokes--maybe I need that one--as well as a  heckle booth, which we can do without. This is likely to once again  make Washington the punch line of jokes, but it is no laughing matter  for taxpayers.   Next up, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, USDA, has a program that  allows taxpayer-funded farm loans to literally be paid back with  peanuts. This program shelled out $74 million in the past year. In  typical Washington fashion, the government pays more for the peanuts  than the market price, which has turned the program into a cash cow, or  pig--however you want to view it--and the pile of surplus peanuts the  government has amassed is so large that government can't even give it  away.   Here we have a farm program where we are giving loans to farmers to  grow peanuts. If they check at the end of the year and the market price  for peanuts isn't very good, they can unload those peanuts on the  government and keep the cost of the loan. Then, government has to store  these peanuts, which we do in warehouses all over the country.   Based on USDA's own numbers, the Congressional Research Service is  warning that the storage costs alone could pile up to $1 billion a  year. That is not just peanuts; that is enough to make anyone salty  about our debt and deficit.   Instead of filling potholes, $35,000 from the Department of  Transportation literally went to pot. The money was paid for a giant  glow-in-the-dark doobie displayed in Denver that was intended to remind  motorists who smoke marijuana not to drive while they are stoned;  $35,000 for a big poster or banner on a building of a giant joint.   Even the Nation's most prestigious science agencies are spending  taxpayer funds investigating subjects that most of us would consider  obvious or rather offbeat. Studies on the habits of college students  funded with $5 million of NIH grants counted more than 500 different  drinking games that are popular on college campuses.   According to researchers, ``All of these games have the same goal-- causing participants to become intoxicated.'' I think that is rather  obvious. They observed that fraternity brothers drink, smoke, and  generally party more than other students, and they also sleep in later.  This led the researchers to speculate that ``one explanation for this  finding is that Greek students recognize their sleep needs.'' A more  likely reason is that they are sleeping off their partying lifestyle,  but you are paying for it.   NIH is also drilling down to determine why some people are afraid of  the dentist as part of another $3.5 million research project. The  researchers found that--surprise here--``fear of pain has been shown to  be a critical component.''   The monkey business doesn't end there. NIH spent nearly $1 million to  study the evolution of monkey drool and another $230,000 to determine  if the color red makes female monkeys feel more romantic. In case you  are wondering, it does.   As part of an effort supported by both the National Science  Foundation and DOD to teach computers how to understand computer  behavior, the machines were programmed to watch television shows. After  viewing over 600 hours of ``Desperate Housewives,'' ``The Office,'' and  other shows, the computers were still unable to predict how humans  would behave in most situations. Anybody who has watched those shows  realizes that is rather obvious.   A $1 million NASA project is preparing the world's religions for the  possible discovery of extraterrestrial life forms--$1 million to  prepare the world's religions for the possible discovery of  extraterrestrial life forms. Do we need to spend that, really?   A major sticking point for the participants was defining what life  is: ``Much of the discussion centered on the question, `What is life?'  It turns out that life is notoriously difficult to define,'' they  concluded.   The fishiest study of all tested how long a fish can run on a  treadmill. This was part of a study paid for by a $565,000 grant from  the National Science Foundation. Everyone remembers the infamous shrimp  on a treadmill funded by NSF. It turns out that last year's competitor  had a leg, or several, up on the competition. With five pairs of  walking legs and five pairs of swimming legs, the shrimp could run for  hours. The latest NSF-funded treadmill study participant was literally  a fish out of water. The experiment forced mudskippers to ``run'' for  as long as 15 minutes at a time on a treadmill. These fish possess the  unique ability to survive out of water for extended periods of time,  using their fins like legs, although they didn't appear to enjoy  running on the treadmill, as you can imagine.   Certainly, we have bigger fish to fry with our Federal research  dollars and, I might add, better puns to find as well. I could go on  and on with examples of completely unnecessary spending identified by  this year's Wastebook. There is waste in every department, every  agency. All you have to do is look. Ferreting out every bit of wasteful  spending, no matter how small, is the only way to reduce our debt and  to rein in the cost of our Federal Government. It can be a daunting  task because, much like Pokemon, these programs are good at hiding. Our  mission is simple: You have to catch them all.   Madam President, I yield back.   