 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I  rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges  of the House.   The form of the resolution is as follows:   Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the  President shall immediately release his tax return information to  Congress and the American people.   Whereas, in the United States' system of checks and balances,  Congress has responsibility to hold the executive branch of government  to a fair and equal standard of transparency ensuring the public  interest is placed first;   Whereas, according to the Tax History Project, every President since  Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax return information to the public;   Whereas, tax returns provide an important baseline of reasonable  information including whether the President paid taxes, ownership  interests, charitable donations made, and whether tax deductions have  been exploited;   Whereas, disclosure of the President's tax returns could help those  investigating Russian influence in the 2016 election understand the  President's financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian  citizens, including debts owed and whether he shares any partnership  interests, equity interests, joint ventures or licensing agreements  with Russia or Russians;   Whereas, the President recently fired Federal Bureau of Investigation  Director James Comey, under whose leadership the FBI was investigating  whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016  election;   Whereas, President Trump reportedly stated to Russian officials  during a White House meeting that he fired Director Comey to ease  pressure on the ongoing investigation of Russia's influence in the 2016  election;   Whereas, Senate Russia investigators have requested information from  the Treasury Department's criminal investigation division, the  Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, which handles cases of  money laundering, for information related to President Trump, his top  officials and campaign aides. FinCEN has been investigating allegations  of foreign money-laundering through purchases of U.S. real estate;   Whereas, the President's tax returns would show us whether he has  foreign bank accounts and how much profit he receives from his  ownership in myriad partnerships;   Whereas, Donald Trump Jr. said The Trump Organization saw money  ``pouring in from Russia'' and that ``Russians make up a pretty  disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets'';   Whereas, Congress gave itself the authority to review an individual's  tax returns to investigate and reveal possible conflicts of interest of  executive branch officials involved dating back to the Teapot Dome  scandal;   Whereas, it has been reported that federal prosecutors have issued  grand jury subpoenas to associates of former National Security Advisor  Michael Flynn seeking business records as part of the ongoing probe  into Russian involvement in the 2016 election;   Whereas, according to his 2016 candidate filing with the Federal  Election Commission, the President has 564 financial positions in  companies located in the United States and around the world;   Whereas, against the advice of ethics attorneys and the Office of  Government Ethics, the President has refused to divest his ownership  stake in his  [[Page H4673]]  businesses, and can still withdraw funds at any time from the trust of  which he is the sole beneficiary;   Whereas, the Emoluments Clause was included in the U.S. Constitution  for the express purpose of preventing federal officials from accepting  any ``present, Emolument, Office, or Title . . . from any King, Prince,  or foreign state'';   Whereas, the Chairmen of the Ways and Means Committee, Joint  Committee on Taxation, and Senate Finance Committee have the authority  to request the President's tax returns under section 6103 of the Tax  Code;   Whereas, the Joint Committee on Taxation reviewed the tax returns of  President Richard Nixon in 1974 and made the information public;   Whereas, the Ways and Means Committee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014  to make public the confidential tax information of 51 taxpayers;   Whereas, Director Comey has testified that tax returns are a common  tool in investigations because they can show income and motives;   Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not  their President is operating under conflicts of interest related to  international affairs, tax reform, government contracts, or otherwise:   Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the House of Representatives  shall:   One, immediately request the tax return information of Donald J.  Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for review in closed executive  session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as provided under section  6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information  therein to the full House of Representatives;   Two, support transparency in government and the longstanding  tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their  tax returns.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges of  the House that was previously noticed.    Yes, Mr. Speaker, I would like to do so.    Mr. Speaker, the privileges of the House as defined in  rule IX, clause 1 are ``those affecting the rights of the House  collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its  proceedings.''   We all know what has been going on for the last couple of months. In  light of the testimony that was just released today of former Director  Comey and what he is scheduled to say, his written testimony tomorrow,  if it is not clear by now that the Congress should continue its  investigation--as we speak, we have several committees in this Congress  investigating the Russian influence on our election and what its  relationship is with the Trump administration.   Clearly and unequivocally, one of the questions that must be answered  for the integrity of this investigation and, therefore, the integrity  of the House, is whether the President himself had any undue influence  in his actions.   Now, the answer may be ``no,'' and I personally hope that it is  ``no.'' I have no personal reason to want to have the President do  something wrong.   But, at the same time, we, the American people, have a right to know  the answer that our President has not been subject to undue influence.  And as a Member of Congress, we have a responsibility to our  constituents to provide them those answers.   The investigations are ongoing. At some point, it is unquestioned  that the President's tax returns will become relevant to what the FBI  is doing. It is only a matter of time.   For the integrity of the House, for the dignity of the House, I  believe firmly that we should exercise the law that the Congress put in  place itself to do our own due diligent investigation and not just  simply sit on our hands while others do our work for us.   These documents will become public, and when they do, regardless of  what they show, I believe firmly it will reflect negatively on this  House for not having done our duty, for having shirked our  responsibilities. That is why I believe this is a privilege of the  House. That is why I believe this House should take this action.   And again, I hope we find nothing. That would be good for America,  certainly good for Mr. Trump, good for America. We have plenty of other  things to argue about and debate. This shouldn't be one of them.   And if anybody can look me in the face and say that they believe this  investigation is just going to go away, if they believe the  investigators are not going to look at the President's financial  records, they can't because anybody who has ever been involved in any  type of an investigation knows it is inevitable. And since it is  inevitable, why should we wait? Why should we wait?   I ran for office, taking an oath to uphold the Constitution and  giving my constituents my promise of only one thing: I will do my job  as best as I see fit. I won't shirk my responsibilities.   We have plenty of votes in this House that many of us, including me,  would rather not take because they are uncomfortable, because we have  to explain them to our constituents, because sometimes they are  difficult and confusing. This is not one of them.   There aren't any Americans that don't believe they have a right to  know that their President has not been subject to undue influence. That  is all this does. It draws no conclusion from it, and it allows the  majority party to call on it to make the determination; not me, but the  majority party; the chair of the Ways and Means Committee.   That is why I offered this resolution. That is why I think this  resolution is going to continue to be offered, and, at some point, the  House is going to do it. I don't know why Members of the House want to  drag this out and pretend that somehow you are going to be able to  avoid it. You are not. It is going to happen.   With that, I would like to invite my friend, Mr. Pascrell, to say a  few words. He has been the leader on this particular issue for months  now.    Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the chair.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   