 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 425-- the FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2017--by my friend and colleague  Chairman Ted Poe. I cannot help but see this measure as a common sense  tactic to prevent terrorists from entering or re-entering our country.  However, more needs to be done to build on this useful foundation for  security from terrorists originating in this country or foreign-based  terrorists.   Just yesterday, the streets of New York were the scene of carnage  caused by a man from Uzbekistan who won a diversity visa lottery to  enter this country in 2010. He has lived here for seven years before  going on the murderous rampage that killed 8 people and injured 12  others. Clearly, we need to look closer at the background of those  admitted through this lottery as they could eventually obtain a U.S.  passport. That was the conclusion by the Government Accountability  Office ten years ago--three years before New York terror suspect  arrived in this country.   The GAO report in 2007 called the diversity visa program ``an open  door'' for terrorists. According to the report 9,800 people from  countries designated by the State Department as State Sponsors of  Terrorism had used the program to enter the country. These people could  eventually qualify for a U.S. passport.   We also must be more vigilant about people coming from countries not  designated as State Sponsors of Terrorism. The 9/11 Commission reported  back in 2004 that as many as six of the hijackers of the three planes-- who were from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, United Arab Emirates and Lebanon-- had used fraudulent or manipulated passports to enter the United  States. In 2013, a Saudi citizen entering the United States through the  Detroit airport was detained because he couldn't satisfactorily explain  why he was carrying a pressure cooker like the one used in the Boston  marathon bombing. However, upon inspection, his passport suspiciously  had a missing page. Would that have been caught without the presence of  the pressure cooker? We are told that even the slightest tweak to a  passport will be caught, but one failure could result in a terrorist  entering our country, and they could eventually become terrorist  sleepers who acquire a U.S. passport.   Finally, in order for the FTO designation to be effectively used to  stop terrorists from getting passports or having their passport  revoked, our government must make that designation in the first place.  I tried for two years to get the previous administration to designate  Boko Haram as a terrorist organization. They finally did so in 2013,  but how many potential terrorists may have gotten through before then  and acquire sufficient status to receive a U.S. passport? We also need  to use the FTO designation to identify those giving support to  terrorist organizations, especially in cases of such support coming  from those living in the United States who could be or potentially  could be U.S. passport holders.   As I said earlier, I consider H.R. 425 a common sense measure on  which to build, but we must take steps to make this bill as meaningful  as it must be for our security. I ask my colleagues to approve this  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I commend Ranking Member, Mr.  Engel, along with Chairman Yoho, Mr. Chabot, and Mr. Sherman, for  introducing H. Res. 422.   I am an original cosponsor of this legislation. As the Cochair of the  bipartisan and bicameral Congressional-Executive Commission on China, I  have been gravely concerned by the Chinese government's efforts to  curtail Hong Kong's autonomy and crush pro-democracy voices in this  city.   Twenty years ago, China promised to guarantee Hong Kong's autonomy  and freedoms for 50 years through the Sino-British Joint Declaration.  These promises have been needlessly strained in recent years, calling  into question the viability of a `One Country, Two Systems' model that  has provided great benefits to both China and the world.   The threats to Hong Kong's autonomy and its freedoms are progressing.  At the recent 19th Party Congress, Communist Party General Secretary  and President Xi Jinping reiterated the fact that Hong Kong's autonomy  is limited by Beijing's ``comprehensive jurisdiction''--meaning that  Beijing has the final say on what freedoms are exercised in Hong Kong  and who gets to lead the city's government.   On October 11, 2017, a British human rights activist, Benedict  Rogers, was denied access to Hong Kong by the Chinese government. Mr.  Rogers was also warned not to continue meeting with pro-democracy  supporters in Hong Kong by the Chinese Embassy in London.   Beijing is now telling foreigners with whom they can meet in Hong  Kong and barring entry to those who will not comply.   This is a chilling development that should be a concern from all  countries and corporations that have an interest in Hong Kong's  freedoms. Maintaining these freedoms and the rule of law are vital  economic interests of the United States.   The governments and legislatures of the UK and the United States  should work together to ensure that the Sino-Declaration Joint  Declaration remains in force to protect Hong Kong's unique way of life.   Xi Jinping also said recently about Hong Kong that he would ``never  allow anyone, any organization, or any political party, to separate any  part of Chinese territory from China . . . and that attempts to  endanger China's sovereignty and security, to challenge the power of  the central government . . . [crosses] the red line.''   Given Beijing's expansive view of its own security to include anyone  peacefully seeking political reforms or rights protections, these are  ominous words indeed.   Beijing has ramped up efforts to destroy the pro-democracy movement  in Hong Kong. This past year, six elected legislators were disqualified  after the National People's Congress intervened in Hong Kong's  judiciary. Then, in August, a Hong Kong court issued heavier sentences  for Joshua Wong, Nathan Law, and Alex Chow, leaders of the peaceful  Umbrella Movement of 2014.   Mr. Wong, Mr. Law, and Mr. Chow should now be considered Hong Kong's  first political prisoners. Though Joshua Wong and Nathan Law are out on  bail at the moment pending an appeal, they face other charges and may  be put back in prison in the future. They likely will not be the last  political prisoners in Hong Kong, as other Umbrella Movement leaders  were convicted recently, including Professor Benny Tai.   Senator Marco Rubio and I, with whom I cochair the CECC, have  announced our intention to nominate Hong Kong pro-democracy Umbrella  Movement for the 2018 Nobel Peace Prize. I hope all Members will  consider signing on to that initiative.   I support this resolution, but it should not be our last word. In  1992, the U.S. Congress passed the Hong Kong Policy Act, saying that  U.S. policy toward Hong Kong was contingent on the preservation of Hong  Kong's autonomy and freedoms. With these fundamental elements being  diminished by the Chinese government, we should consider amending a  bill passed 25 years ago to better protect U.S. interests.   That is why I introduced, along with Congressman Tim Walz (a fellow  CECC Commissioner), the Hong Kong Human Rights & Democracy Act (H.R.  3856)--a bill that I introduced in the last Congress and which has been  introduced by Senator Marco Rubio and Senator Ben Cardin in the Senate.   If Hong Kong is to be just another Chinese city, then we have the  responsibility to reassess whether Hong Kong warrants special status  under U.S. law.   We all have a stake in ensuring Hong Kong remains an open city, with  the rule of law and guaranteed rights currently unavailable in Mainland  China.   I support passage of this bill and thank the gentleman from New York  for his leadership on this issue.   