 Madam President, I come to the floor today to highlight  the importance of travel and tourism in our economy and also to make  the point that we are welcoming of people from other countries--and we  are welcoming of people in our country, as well--who want to be part,  for a short time or a long time, of America. The travel and tourism  business is an incredibly important part of the tourism economy.   Last month, I, along with my fellow cochairs of the Senate Travel and  Tourism Caucus--Senator Amy Klobuchar, Senator Dean Heller, and Senator  Brian Schatz--led the Senate in the passage of a resolution recognizing  the week of May 7 as National Travel and Tourism Week.   There are really good statistics--whether it is Missouri or West  Virginia or the country at-large--on this topic. One out of every nine  jobs in the United States depends on travel and tourism. It accounts  for over 15 million jobs nationwide. International travel to the United  States is our single largest export industry. The single largest thing  where people bring money into our country is tourism to the United  States. It generates a trade surplus of roughly $87 billion. As to that  trade surplus with foreign travelers, foreign travelers stay longer,  they spend more, and they like us better when they leave--virtually 100  percent of the time--than they did when they got here. Even if they  thought they were going to like us a lot, they wind up liking us more.  If they questioned whether they were going to like us at all, they  almost always wind up on the very positive side of that question.   So it is not only a huge economic benefit of $87 billion, but it is  also a huge foreign policy benefit--a huge diplomatic benefit. It is  just like when students come here and go to school. They have a  connection to the United States that is almost always positive. It is  so positive that many of them would like to stay, with that bachelor's  degree or that engineering certificate and degree, because they have  liked what they found when they were here. So $87 billion is the  surplus from just international travelers to the United States. But all  told, travel and tourism generates nearly $2.3 trillion in annual  economic input for our country.   In Missouri, it has been estimated that the tourism industry, which  is usually right behind agriculture in the list of our top industries,  provides more than $15 billion in annual economic impact and directly  supports almost 300,000 Missouri jobs. When international tourists come  here and spend their money at hotels, restaurants, and shops, they are  not only supporting U.S. businesses, but they are contributing to  local, State, and Federal tax revenue.   We have a great deal to offer when it comes to attracting these  international visitors. We also have a lot of things we can do as a  Congress to make a difference in how people travel and where they  travel. We have a role to play in promoting the United States as a  travel destination and in helping our State and local tourism economies  be a part of that travel.   The Visa Waiver Program is sometimes questioned by some of our  colleagues who say anybody can get on a plane in any of these visa  waiver countries, and we particularly hear that when something bad has  just happened in 1 of those 38 countries--Great Britain, France, or  Germany. We hear: Anybody could come here because they don't have to go  to the U.S. Embassy and get a visa. Except that is not how it works.  That is not how the Visa Waiver Program works at all now. It does  enable citizens of the 38 countries that we include to travel here for  tourism and business for 90 days or less without the need to obtain a  specific visa. By the way, in return, Americans go to those 38  countries without having to go to the Embassy of that country and get a  visa and have an interview that allows them to travel there. So that is  both ways.   Most importantly from our perspective, as to people who are coming  here, the program has a lot of security built into it. For all the  travelers who come, the Visa Waiver Program is administered by the  Department of Homeland Security. It works in consultation with the  State Department. Visa waivers use a risk-based, multilayered approach  to detect and prevent terrorists, criminals, and other bad actors from  traveling here. If you have been in some country lately that we don't  think you should have been in, if you have a history of travel back and  forth to countries and we have had bad experiences with people who have  been in those countries, not only do you not get a waiver but you are  in for a much more extensive interview than if we were trying to  interview everybody from all of those 38 visa waiver countries who  wants to come to the United States.   The President announced about 4 months ago that we were going to have  a more extensive visa process in countries that need a visa, but that  also can be a more extensive visa process in countries that have visa  waivers, if someone requires more vetting. If someone does not want to  submit to additional vetting, then they don't have to come to the  United States of America. Those kinds of questions are easily answered   There are comprehensive vetting programs for individuals prior to the  time they can get here--as well as when they get here--if they are in  that visa waiver structure. So visa waiver works.   I think the visa program is working now with more extensive vetting  than we have had in the past.   The program requires participants to have an electronic passport that  has a chip in that passport that makes it virtually impossible to  suggest that you  [[Page S3355]]  are somebody or to try to pretend that you are somebody who you are  not. The passport is much more secure than it used to be--both our  passports and passports from those countries.   In 2015, I worked with a bipartisan group of our colleagues to reform  and improve this program and to secure that its robust security  protocols would work as intended. We were also able to remove visa  waiver eligibility for nationals of participating countries who have  visited a country with a terrorism nexus, and for foreigners who  participate who are originally from countries that may pose a terrorist  threat. There are ways to screen that process that Americans should  feel secure about. Frankly, it is a process that is getting better all  the time. It is still not absolutely without risk. Travel has some  risk. But thousands of people are bringing billions of dollars in  tourism revenue to our economy, to see our country, and to pay our  taxes. We ought to be sure we are minimizing the risk and maximizing  the welcome for people we want to travel here.   I also worked with my colleagues twice now to offer a public-private  partnership called Brand USA. The United States of America, just a few  years ago, was one of the few countries in the world that made no real  effort to encourage people in other countries to visit our country. In  2014, Senator Klobuchar and I worked to reauthorize Brand USA through  2020. In a combination of visa waiver fees and private dollars, efforts  have been successfully made to encourage people who want to be part of  our economy--even for a short period of time, as a tourist. It is  estimated that across all markets, each dollar of Brand USA marketing  generated more than $30 in visitor spending. Let me repeat: everywhere  we spent a dollar of Brand USA--and that is a public-private dollar-- more than $30 came to the United States, it is estimated, because of  that.    It is important for the Senate to support programs that work. Brand  USA is one of those programs. The Visa Waiver Program and many others  have significant, positive economic impacts on our country, on  individual States, on local communities, and, by the way, on people  whose business and travel necessarily take them to other countries.   Travel and tourism is one area where we have successfully worked  together in a bipartisan manner. I hope we can continue that progress  in this Congress. I will keep working with my colleagues to ensure that  we have the right policies in place to keep Americans safe, while  allowing our travel and tourism industries to continue growing and  creating jobs.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   