 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment that would eliminate the Davis-Bacon prevailing wage.   Is it that time of year?   It must be. Come back here to Congress and say: I want to lower the  wages and working conditions for those men and women in my district.  That is exactly what we are hearing.   When you can't win it on the votes, you make revisionist history, you  play the race card, you throw whatever you can.   Over 100 years ago, Republican Congressmen Jim Davis and Robert Bacon  realized there was a problem with Federal contracts. These contracts  were unfair to local economies. They were not taking into account what  had been going on historically in those areas. This, very simply,  ensures that construction workers are paid the same as workers in that  local community.   But what I am hearing tonight is I want to go back to the district,  to people who elected me, and say: I want to lower your wages. I want  to lower them to the point I will make anything up.   Because that is exactly what we are hearing. This has been around,  and it continues to be evolved and made to work because it works for  those local communities. It is about ensuring those local communities  are not going to be run over by big Federal contractors coming in, they  are going to be paid exactly what the people in that community are  being paid.   It continues today because it works. It works in New York, it works  in New Jersey, it works in Florida, and it works in Oklahoma. It is  about fairness. It is about leveling the playing field--something that  apparently many people in this Chamber forgot.   We are here to help raise the standards of men and women we  represent, not lower them. So I encourage that we defeat this amendment  to keep doing what we are supposed to do: represent the people who  elected us and to make their lives just a little bit better, not what  we are hearing: I will play the race card and try to lower the wages.   My God, where are we going? We are fighting to lower wages?   It is about raising people up, letting them be what they should be,  the greatest thing they can be in the greatest country.   