 Mr. President, last week, the Senate took an important  step for the fiscal and economic future of our country with passage of  the budget for fiscal year 2018.   The comprehensive, responsible budget we passed marks out a clear  vision for the future. It will put the Federal Government on a path to  balance, and it sets out a new course after the long years of the Obama  economy, when paychecks stagnated, steady work became harder to find,  and retirement for many slipped further away. The budget we passed  isn't just about getting our fiscal house in order--though it is  certainly about that--it is also about getting our economy going again  and growing again.   Perhaps the most important way it does so is by authorizing  legislative tools to advance tax reform, and passing tax reform is the  most important thing we can do today to get our economy reaching for  its true potential.   Tax reform is all about helping the middle class succeed. It is about  making it easier to create jobs in America and keep them right here. To  summarize the effort in one phrase, it is this: Tax reform is about  taking more money out of Washington's pocket and putting more in  yours--more for workers, more for small businesses, and more for the  middle class. After all, as the President wrote over the weekend, ``we  are not talking about the government's money--we are talking about your  money, your hard work.''   If you look back a few months, many doubted our ability to get a  budget done or to advance tax reform. They didn't see the path forward.  Those skeptics underestimated our resolve. The Senate has delivered on  the budget, and we will soon have the tools to deliver on tax reform.   We now look forward to our House colleagues' continued consideration  and passage of the budget. Once they do so, we can move forward with  tax reform for American families.   For Americans who have suffered through years of uncertainty-- everything from a recession to outsourcing to unemployment--we are  ready to deliver for you. For those who watched opportunity recede  while the personal wealth of coastal elites grew beyond comprehension,  help is on the way. We want to put more money in your pocket, we want  to make retirement a reality for you, we want to get this economy  moving the way it should, and tax reform is the key to helping us get  there.   I would like once again to thank Chairman Enzi and the members of the  Budget Committee for their important work to get this budget resolution  passed.  [[Page S6705]]    I also would like to thank the cloakroom staff, the Parliamentarians,  the clerks, the pages, and the officers of the U.S. Capitol Police who  worked into the evening to make sure, as they always do, that the  Senate runs smoothly.   Thanks also to Chairman Hatch and the members of the Finance  Committee. We now look forward to their continued good work on  development of the kind of tax relief that will get our economy truly  moving again.   Mr. President, on another matter, the Senate remains committed to  doing its part to support the ongoing hurricane relief efforts, and, to  that end, today we will take a vote to advance the administration's  most recent supplemental funding request. These resources will ensure  that FEMA and the rest of the administration have the ability to  continue their crucial support to help those impacted by devastating  storms.   Like many colleagues, I have been engaged on this issue from the very  start. Through several meetings with leaders from Puerto Rico and the  U.S. Virgin Islands, I have had the opportunity to hear firsthand how  the government can support their relief efforts. I met with Puerto  Rico's Governor last week to get another update on the funding request  and to hear about the continuing recovery.   In addition, I have continued working with the administration as it  responds to these storms. For instance, after the devastation of  Hurricane Harvey, I met with the Department of Homeland Security's  Acting Secretary to learn more about what would be needed. I also met  with President Trump's eminently qualified nominee to lead that  Department.   The House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a supplemental  funding request with strong bipartisan support, and now it is our turn  to act. As we all know, the administration will continue to actively  review hurricane relief and recovery needs. As it does, we can expect  the transmittal of additional supplemental requests for our  consideration in the near future.   The victims of these hurricanes continue to count on our support, and  I look forward to the Senate continuing to do its part to help.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive  session to consider Calendar No. 117, Scott Palk.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive  session to consider Calendar No. 179, Trevor McFadden.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate resume legislative session.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion on the House  message to accompany H.R. 2266 be waived.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I  would say to my good friend from Florida that I hope he knows that the  Senate remains committed to doing its part to support the ongoing  hurricane relief efforts. We all see this as a multistaged process in  providing needed relief. There will be additional rounds, and we are  all fully committed to meeting the needs that have arisen as a result  of these devastating hurricanes.   For the moment, I object.   