 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise today in a near empty Chamber.  Indeed, there is no Republican colleague here today. Our Republican  colleagues have yielded back all their time on this resolution, and the  reason they have yielded back all their time is that they apparently  have no interest in appearing here and talking about a resolution of  disapproval of a rule that is vital to ensuring that women have access  to the family planning provider of their choice. It is really that  simple.   Defending Planned Parenthood is what we have done on this side.  Defunding Planned Parenthood has been the interest on the other side of  the aisle.   They have also taken an inordinate interest in reinstating gender  ratings in health insurance and are now damaging title X networks  through this resolution. They have demonstrated an unmitigated desire  to cut women's access to healthcare in order, apparently, to win  political points. But their actions today show that the politics of  this issue and, most importantly, the people of America are not on  their side.   Title X is a critical program delivering important family planning  and preventive health services in underserved areas of our great  Nation. In 2015 alone, title X programs provided basic primary and  preventive healthcare services. We are talking about Pap tests, breast  exams, birth control, and HIV testing for more than 4 million low- income women and men at nearly 4,000 health centers across the country.  For 40 percent of women, their visit to a family planning health center  is the only healthcare they receive annually. Think of that number for  a moment. Forty percent of those women have no access elsewhere except  at these healthcare centers.   By overriding this regulation, Republicans will allow States and  title X grantees to pick and choose who provides these services based  on arbitrary criteria that have nothing to do with the quality of  services patients will receive. It is no wonder that none of them is  here to talk about it. Now, if they were here--and they have said so in  public--they might argue that they support this resolution because they  oppose abortion. So let me be clear. This regulation is about access to  family planning services, not about access to abortion.   I know many of my colleagues disagree with me that abortion should be  safe and legal. They have shown that disagreement by their repeated  attempts to undermine Roe v. Wade and make it harder for women to  access constitutionally protected healthcare.   While they may disagree, it is still the law of the land. In any  event, this regulation is not about access to abortion. This regulation  is about ensuring that States cannot discriminate against qualified  providers that are an essential part of a safety net that serves women  who have no place else to go. Those providers are willing to provide  necessary, culturally sensitive care to individuals who otherwise would  simply be without access to that care.   Title X funding does not go to abortion services. It goes to provide  much needed family planning services. There is so much that the title X  program does that I believe my colleagues would agree is absolutely  vital to the health of women. I know we agree on wanting to reduce teen  and unintended pregnancies. Without the contraceptive care provided by  title X sites, the teen pregnancy rate would be 30 percent higher and  the unintended pregnancy rate would have been 33 percent higher. We  should agree on that point.   We should also agree on wanting to find ways to save money in the  healthcare system. In 2010, health services provided at title X centers  resulted in net savings of $7 billion in Federal and State funds. Those  savings are indicative of the fact that every dollar invested in  publicly funded family planning saves taxpayers $7. That is a great  deal for the taxpayers of our Nation. That is a humane and profoundly  significant deal for the women whose lives are bettered. We should all  agree that preventing disease and saving health and lives is not only  about dollars and cents. It is about the future of our Nation.   Title X began as a bipartisan program to support family planning  services over 40 years ago, an era that was less divisive and when this  Chamber was less divided. I urge my colleagues to recognize the  importance of ensuring these services. States cannot restrict an  already overburdened network of safety net providers.   Family planning services are provided through State, county, and  local health departments, as well as hospitals, family planning  councils, Planned Parenthood, and federally qualified health centers.  Providers that focus on reproductive health comprise 72 percent of all  title X-supported sites, and they are critical to delivering high- quality family planning services.  [[Page S2124]]  They are particularly able to offer the full range of contraceptive  methods and to help women start and effectively use the methods that  will work best for them individually.   There is simply no excess capacity in that safety net system now. For  Republicans to allow States to remove providers from the networks based  on arbitrary criteria is simply unwise and, in fact, unconscionable.  The foundation of the program's success is the longstanding intent that  its provider network be designed by the communities it serves to help  patients have access to trusted, highly qualified, family planning  providers.   Just a few weeks ago, I met with some providers and volunteers from  Planned Parenthood of North Hartford. I was deeply impressed with their  dedication, their skill, and their humanity. In a high-need, low-income  community like North Hartford, access to primary care is limited. Young  men and women who come to this clinic have chronic health conditions,  such as diabetes, depression, high blood pressure, and headaches. Left  untreated, they have to be addressed at emergency rooms at much higher  costs.   The clinicians recognized that there was an additional need for  health services and for other providers in the community to meet them,  but they were currently unable to do so. So they decided to initiate  full-scope primary care services in Hartford, in addition to the  comprehensive women's health services, so as to fully serve the men and  women who choose to come to Planned Parenthood of North Hartford for  their reproductive health and family planning care needs.   Patients there are seen for acute conditions and chronic problems,  physicals, preventive vaccinations, as well as services to quit  smoking. If there were ever a cost-effective program anywhere in the  United States, then the North Hartford project is a sterling example.   Just to give one example, recently, a young woman came to this  Planned Parenthood for birth control. She was found to have high blood  pressure. So her provider started her on blood pressure medication and  counseled her on dietary and lifestyle changes. She started exercising  regularly and improved her diet, lost 30 pounds, and no longer needed  the medication to control her blood pressure. Is that kind of treatment  cost effective? The facts speak for themselves--the real facts--giving  patients a choice, giving them a chance, giving them the counseling and  care they need to save dollars and save lives.   Community healthcare centers like that in North Hartford simply  cannot accommodate all the family planning patients who would lose  coverage or funding if title X funds to Planned Parenthood affiliates,  like Planned Parenthood of Southern New England, are eliminated. That  is a lesson of this Planned Parenthood that is undeniable.   That may well be why our Republican colleagues have yielded back all  of their time.   The real facts are undeniable. The real need is irrefutable. My  colleagues and I are here today not because we are asking for more  money or a change in how the funding program is used. We are standing  up and speaking out against shortsighted efforts that would restrict  access to family planning services for some of the most vulnerable  patients--many of them voiceless in these halls; faceless, otherwise-- in areas that are least able to absorb this cruel and inhumane change  in the rules.   I ask my colleagues to oppose this resolution and to stand strong for  women's and men's healthcare across the country.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.   