 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to speak on behalf of a group of  Floridians I have met with who would be tremendously hard-hit by the  healthcare bill, whether it be the one that has already been published  by the majority leader or some of the iterations that are being  discussed.   I want to talk on behalf of and be the spokesperson for these people  who have cried out to me. I want to say that people are crying out. It  is not just the group of four families I assembled in my Tampa office  last week, but it also includes walking down the street, being in an  airport, or going into a public building. Constantly, folks are walking  up to me and saying: Please, don't let them take away my healthcare.   Just this past week, I was in--it shall remain nameless--a Republican  Senator's State. It happened in the airport there as my colleague, the  Republican Senator in that State other than mine--the travelers, the  constituents of that Senator in the airport as we were waiting for the  airplane walked up to that Republican Senator and begged: Please don't  take away my healthcare.   What we have seen in this Republican bill is that it takes health  insurance away from millions of Americans. That is not my conclusion;  that is the conclusion of the Congressional Budget Office. According to  CBO, it also cuts back some $800 billion out of Medicaid over a decade,  and it allows insurance companies to hike rates for older Americans.   Under the bill, 22 million people would lose their insurance by 2026.  Over 2 million of these folks are in Florida. In fact, the bill would  increase the uninsured rate in Florida by 62 percent. That is not what  I want inflicted on the folks in Florida.   This bill lets insurance companies go back to the days when they had  annual and lifetime limits on coverage and refused to cover basic  health benefits, such as prescription drugs, mental health services,  and even maternity care. This Republican healthcare bill, which has  been so much the subject in the news and the center of the debate here  for the past innumerable weeks, really does cut Medicaid. According to  CBO--again, not my words; CBO's words--funding will be 26 percent lower  in Medicaid by the year 2026 than under the existing law.  [[Page S3894]]    My home State of Florida is projected to lose $5.7 billion in Federal  Medicaid funding from 2020 to 2026 under the bill that is proposed by  the majority leader. If that is not enough, the Senate bill would  dramatically increase healthcare costs for Americans between the ages  of 50 to 64 before they turn that magic age of 65 when they are  eligible for Medicare. It dramatically increases those costs. That  dramatic rise in cost is due in large part to a provision that would  allow insurance companies to charge older Americans up to five times  what younger people are charged. The current law, the Affordable Care  Act, has a differential of 3 to 1. This bill as proposed has a  differential of 5 to 1. So if you are not on Medicare because you  haven't turned 65 and you are an older American in those ages--which  increasingly seem very young to me--up to age 64 when the differential  from what the insurance company charges the young person is five times,  not three times, as is the current law, this would especially be felt  among those older individuals making between $42,000 and $48,000 a year  who, after that point, no longer qualify for the tax credits under the  Republican bill to make coverage more affordable.    Remember, in the current law, up to 400 percent of poverty level, you  are entitled to get tax credits according to what your income is to  help you buy private health insurance from insurance companies on the  marketplaces in each State. Even that is going to be reduced.   This bill also includes a backdoor provision that undermines the  protections that currently exist for people with preexisting  conditions. In defending the bill, people will argue that it doesn't do  that, but look what the bill says. It says that it can be left up to  the States to determine that. What is a way that the State can lessen  the cost of insurance premiums? Take away the guarantee that someone  can get insurance if they have a preexisting condition.   I have given a number of speeches. I have had some experience in this  as the former elected insurance commissioner of Florida, when it was an  elected position. It was also a constitutional position of the State  treasury. I held that position for 6 years, and I have dealt with  insurance companies. I have seen some insurance companies say: You have  a preexisting condition. We are not going to insure you because you  have asthma. I have even seen an insurance company cite: We are not  going to insure you because you have a preexisting condition; you had a  rash.   Under the current law, an insurance company cannot deny you insurance  because of whatever your preexisting condition is. Your preexisting  condition may be that you have a weak heart, and you, of all people,  would want health insurance. Before, you couldn't get it. Now, under  the current law, you can.   I don't want you to hear this plea over and over again from me. I  want the pleas from several Floridians to reach out across the State  lines and get to the Senators who are going to be voting on this. I  want them to hear from some of my constituents. When I met with them  last week in Tampa, I had many who said that they would be devastated  if Medicaid were cut.   I want to share with you how this has personally affected them and  how apprehensive and plain scared they are right now that the  healthcare they are getting will cease if this bill proposed by the  majority leader is to become law.   Take, for example, Michael Phillips. He is 36 years old, and he has  spinal muscular atrophy. It is a genetic disorder that affects control  of his muscle movement. He relies on a tracheotomy, a breathing tube,  and uses assistive computer technology to be able to talk. The computer  talks for him.   Michael was supposed to join us on that day, but he wasn't feeling  well, and, of course, there is always the added exposure to germs in  his weakened immune condition. Instead came his two caregivers, his  single mother Karen and his brother Brian. Michael relies on Medicaid,  which allows him to live at home with his mom and have a personal care  assistant. He benefits from the Medicaid home and community-based  waivers. If the waivers are eliminated because of the whacking of  billions and billions of dollars from Medicaid, he would ultimately end  up in a nursing home, away from his mother and his family, being forced  to compromise his level of care and quality of life.   You may have seen this fellow and his mom interviewed by the national  news networks. He is one and the same, Michael Phillips.   The Senate healthcare bill ends Medicaid as we know it. Whether it is  a cap on the amount of money going to the State or it is called a block  grant, the effect is the same. It will put people like Michael at risk  of losing critical services, and it will certainly take away his  independence and his quality of life.   I have already said that the bill certainly takes away the guarantee  of coverage with a preexisting condition. Let me tell you about another  Floridian who was in that meeting. Elizabeth Isom is from St.  Petersburg, and she told me that the Affordable Care Act saved her life  and allowed her to purchase insurance for the very first time. If it is  taken away, she doesn't know how she is going to be able to afford  coverage because of lifetime caps. An insurance company cannot put  those lifetime caps on what they pay out. For example, in the old days,  before the existing law, an insurance company would say: I'll pay you  as long as it doesn't exceed, say, $25,000 or $50,000. That was all  figured into their insurance payment and their premiums. In the current  law there are essential health benefits. There are about a dozen of  them.   Elizabeth was a social worker before she developed a sinus tumor. She  went without insurance for 3 years, during which time her health was  deteriorating. Because she did not have health insurance, she could not  afford to have that tumor operated on. What I do not know is if she  knew this at the time--because she hadn't had the operation--or if she  thought it was cancerous. As it turned out, later, when she was able  under the Affordable Care Act to get health insurance and to have the  operation, thank the good Lord it was benign. But her health had  deteriorated to the point that as this thing started to grow into her  sinus passages and into her brain cavity, she actually thought she was  approaching death. She ended up having vital organ damage and reached  the point of complete disability. The mass in her sinus had extended  into her skull.   After the ACA became the law of the land, she purchased insurance  through healthcare.gov. She says that it is the best insurance she has  ever had because it covered essential health benefits like preventive  services. It certainly provided for her to go on and get the operation,  and it saved her life.   If this Senate bill passes, services that Elizabeth relies on may no  longer be covered, and she likely will never be able to afford a decent  health insurance package again. She obviously has a preexisting  condition. She would be one of the 22 million people whom the  Congressional Budget Office estimates would lose their health insurance  if the bill proposed by the majority leader, Senator McConnell, were to  become law.   Let me tell you about another Floridian. Regina Hebert is from Tampa.  She is a small business owner. She was diagnosed with stage IIB breast  cancer at the age of 57. She, too, told me that the ACA saved her life.  Without the ACA, she would not have received health insurance because  her cancer is considered a preexisting condition--57 years old,  preexisting condition, stage II breast cancer. She obtained health  insurance through the ACA. She had two surgeons, months of chemo and  radiation, and she told me that if her cancer comes back and she  doesn't have insurance, then she is going to have to choose between  going bankrupt--not through what she is doing now with her small  business. She is paying taxes. She is contributing to society.   What is her other choice? Her other choice is to give up. Take away  her insurance and those are her choices: bankruptcy or giving up. I  don't think we want to put Americans in that position. The Senate  healthcare bill allows States to waive the essential health benefits-- the dozen I talked about that are listed, like those needed if they  have a preexisting condition.   There was another lady I met named Olivia Babis. She is from outside  of  [[Page S3895]]  Tampa, a place called Lutz. She also has a preexisting condition. She  told me that she uses the essential health benefits guaranteed by the  existing law. She is scared that insurance companies would take away  the coverage of treatments for her disability and also reinstate annual  and lifetime limits on coverage.   Let me tell you about this young lady. She is just amazing. She was  born without arms. She uses her feet and her toes to be able to  function in the place of hands and fingers. She had to have a total  knee replacement in one leg by the time she turned 30. She works as a  community organizer. She doesn't qualify for Medicaid in Florida  because her income is considered too high. She actually has an income.  Olivia purchased health insurance through healthcare.gov with the help  of tax credits to help her afford health insurance.    This young lady, now in her midthirties, is just amazing. With no  arms, she uses her feet and her toes, and she is capable of getting  around in her wheelchair. She is capable of driving a car. She has a  business. She has an income, and she is paying taxes. She is able to  function because she has health insurance.   Now, thanks to the ACA, people like Olivia benefit because there are  bans on lifetime limits in insurance policies, and, thanks to the ACA,  she lives an active life. She goes snorkeling, hiking, and even  skydiving. Her legs are good, except for the knee replacement that she  had so that she can walk. Then, when she has to do the normal functions  with hands and arms, she sits down, and she uses her legs, her feet,  and her toes. She told me that, without the ACA, she is trapped.   I told you about this unnamed Republican Senator who was in an  airport in another State--that of the Republican Senator's. What  happened to that Republican Senator happens to me back in Florida with  people coming up and begging me: Please do not take away my healthcare.   We should not continue to waste our time with this healthcare bill  that only takes away healthcare and charges more for less coverage. We  have said--so many of us out here on this floor--that we should be  looking for ways to improve the existing law, the Affordable Care Act,  not to undo all of the good that it has done. We have Floridians and  folks across the country who are grateful for it. They want us to fix  it, not repeal it, and they say that over and over: Why can't you guys  get together in a bipartisan way and fix it?   These are the personal stories of Olivia, Michael, Regina, and  Elizabeth, along with the hundreds of people who have come up to me in  the street or in the airport and have begged me: Do not take it away.  They do not want us to get rid of this. As you have heard, several of  them claim that they would not be alive today without the ACA.  Alternatively, they would be bankrupt if it were not for Medicaid in  the ACA.   In order to truly improve our healthcare system, why don't we work  together to make it better? We need to look at real solutions. I am  happy to say that this Senator has been talking to Republican Senators,  and we have talked about specific things. I told some of these Senators  about my experiences as the formerly elected insurance commissioner of  Florida.   When I had a problem after the monster Hurricane Andrew in the early  1990s and we had a paralyzed marketplace in which you could not get  homeowner's insurance in Florida from insurance companies because they  were scared to death that the next big one was coming and that the  losses were going to be so great that they would have to price the  premiums so high, what did we do? We created a reinsurance fund called  the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund, which builds up the reserves  that would reinsure the companies if they were to have a catastrophic  loss.   The same principle with hurricanes can apply to health insurance,  which is that of creating a reinsurance fund that will insure the  health insurance companies against catastrophic loss, which,  occasionally, they will have. Do you know something? I costed that out  in Florida, and it would reduce the premiums from the marketplace in  Florida by 13 percent. Now, that is a real savings, and that is just  one solution for a fix. We ought to be looking at approaches like this.   I welcome all of our colleagues on this side and on that side--and I  have been talking to some on that side--to join together and do  something productive, like getting behind ideas just like the one that  I suggested.   I heard our colleague this morning. One of our favorite colleagues  out here is Joe Manchin from West Virginia, and I heard him being  interviewed on one of the morning shows. He was terrific. He said: We  need to be working together. We should not be divided by party over  this, and we should not be divided ideologically on this. We ought to  be openly trying to work together to figure out how to drive down  healthcare costs and increase coverage for more Americans.   That is what those folks in Tampa, FL, told me last week with whom I  met. That is what those hundreds of folks are telling me who come up to  me in the airport, on the airplane, on the street corner, in the public  buildings, in the hospitals--wherever I am: Please, get together, and  work it out. They are asking us to fix what needs fixing. That is what  the American people are asking us today, and that is what I beg of the  Senate.   As the good Lord says: Come. Let us reason together. Let us use some  of our common sense.   I yield the floor.   