 Mr. Speaker, I remind the gentleman from Kentucky  that every promise made to the American people in support of ObamaCare  was rapidly broken. We are now, at this moment in time, watching the  death throes of ObamaCare.   More people are paying the State tax penalty or claiming hardship  exemptions than are buying ObamaCare policies. In a third of our  counties, there is no choice left at all. You get one provider. Soon,  we are warned, some regions will have no providers at all. Premiums  soared an average of 25 percent last year, and this year we are warned  it could be 40 percent or more.   Critics cite the CBO estimate that 24 million Americans will lose  their coverage. It is important to understand their reasoning there.  The CBO believes that people won't buy health insurance unless we force  them to buy health insurance. In fact, people won't buy health  insurance that is not a good value for them, and, clearly, ObamaCare  isn't.   We replace it with a vigorous buyer's market where plans across the  country will compete to offer consumers better services at lower prices  tailored to their own needs and wants. And we assure these plans are  within their financial reach with $90 billion of additional support  that the CBO simply ignores.   The AHCA's biggest achievement is to replace coercion with choice for  every American. It ends the individual mandate that forces Americans to  buy products they don't want. It ends the employer mandate that has  trapped many low-income workers in part-time jobs. It begins to restore  consumers' freedom of choice, the best guarantee of quality and value  in any market. It allows Americans to meet more of their healthcare  needs with pretax dollars. It relieves the premium base of the enormous  cost of preexisting conditions by moving them to a block-granted  assigned risk pool.   Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare is collapsing, premiums are skyrocketing, and  providers are fleeing. This may well be our last off-ramp on this road  to ruin.    Mr. Speaker, I simply want to underscore what the  chairwoman has already laid out.   When my friend from Kentucky says that his constituents will lose  coverage, he is basing it on two premises. He is ignoring the $90  billion of additional funds that we freed up in the Budget Committee to  assure that nobody will face sticker shock as we make this transition.   Second, he assumes that the only reason that people buy insurance is  if we force them to buy it. The reality is many are refusing to buy  ObamaCare policies even when they are faced with these crushing tax  policies. The AHCA replaces this heavyhanded and failing bureaucratic  nightmare.   Ultimately, we are going to be judged not on polls or fairy tales,  but on whether the vast majority of Americans have a better experience  with this new consumer-driven market than they had with the  bureaucratized, one-size-fits-all ObamaCare system. That system has  already been weighed in the balance and found wanting by the American  people, and I am here to stake my reputation on the prediction that  they will find better policies with better services at lower costs when  they are restored the freedom to be consumers in a marketplace with a  supportive tax structure that assures that these policies are within  the financial reach of every American family.   