 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to express my appreciation to the  fellow Senators who have come up innumerable times to express their  regrets for what has happened to Florida, as we did with our colleagues  from Texas with regard to the hurricane in Texas. Indeed, that was an  unusual storm.  [[Page S6119]]    The almost gold standard storm of Hurricane Andrew 25 years ago  crossed the State of Florida in 4 hours. It was small in diameter  compared to this present hurricane that hit Florida and traveled right  up the peninsula and, therefore, covered up the entire State.   For the past few weeks, in my traveling all around, there was vast  devastation either by the wind or by flooding. It is really hard to  believe that a State as large as ours could be virtually covered up by  a storm. There was limited access to critical supplies like gasoline,  and some places sustained considerable damage. I remember down in the  Keys, in the part that hit the northeastern quadrant of the eye wall,  in Big Pine Key, I went to a trailer park--a place of mobile homes--and  there was not one mobile home that was sitting upright. They were all  turned on their sides or turned over on their roofs. It was something  that you just cannot believe--the force of the wind.   The cost of rebuilding is going to be in the billions. We have passed  a temporary measure of $15 billion, and that is running out. We are  going to have to do something immediately for the Virgin Islands and  Puerto Rico, but there is going to be a continuing cost in Texas and a  huge cost in Florida. Many people have been dislocated, and they are  unable to move back into their homes.   Take people in the Florida Keys. There is a tourism economy there,  and to have a tourism economy, you have to get the service personnel  back in. Well, they don't have any homes. So you have to bring in  temporary housing. In the Keys, there is one way in and one way out. So  that is going to take some time.   Then, sadly, in the tragedy of all tragedies, 11 frail, elderly  seniors died in a hot box that was a nursing home that had lost power,  and the generators that were required under the existing law and  existing regulations of the State of Florida were for putting the  lights back on. They were not generators that were sufficient in order  to run the air conditioning systems. The 11 senior citizens perished  after there were a number of calls that had been made to the Governor's  cell phone and calls that were made to Florida Power & Light.    There is a criminal investigation that is underway that will answer  some of the questions of why, as they pled for help to come and get  back on the power, those calls were never answered. As a result, 11  people died. Something like that simply just shouldn't happen in  America, a country that has the resources and the compassion that our  people have.   I want to state that, if people can't get through in an emergency  like this to a Federal or State agency, I want them to call me at my  office at 407-872-7161 or on the WATS line at 888-671-4091 or to visit  the website at billnelson.senate.gov. We will get to the bottom of it,  because in an emergency situation like that, with people's lives on the  line, that should never happen again.   I am so proud of the people who worked in our office so diligently.  We had many of the employees here in the Washington office go to  Florida as eyes and ears out there in the community before FEMA could  get in to register people for individual assistance because they  couldn't get through. If they had cell phones and the cell phone  service was spotty, they couldn't get through. We had people out there  in the field signing people up and getting it to FEMA for individual  assistance.   Our folks on the Florida staff as well as the Washington staff who  went down there did a wonderful job. They worked their fingers to the  bone, and they worked their hearts out. I want them to know how much I  appreciate that, serving the people of Florida in need.   It is important that those of us in public service respond with  urgency and purpose when somebody calls for help. That applies to all  of us in public service. I was really heartened when I saw all over  Florida people helping people. I saw frail and elderly persons who had  no place to go who were taken into a girl's dormitory that had air  conditioning. They took care of them for 4 nights--eight frail, elderly  women.   I saw people helping people in Belle Glade. Senator Rubio and I went  to Belle Glade together and served food. We went and thanked those  students in that dorm near Immokalee. We thanked them together for  people helping people.   Now what we need to do is to take that same effort that we saw in  Texas and that we have seen in Florida of people helping people and we  have to help the people of the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. Over the  weekend, the full scale devastation of the third hurricane became  clearer. The first was in Texas, the second was in Florida and on up  into the Southeast, and now the third one was not only hitting the  Virgin Islands, like the former one did, but was just ripping up Puerto  Rico.   I have talked to the Governor, and he says the island faces a  humanitarian crisis. The devastation over this past week has become a  lot clearer to us as we start to see all of the devastation on our TV  screens. According to one report, ``Hurricane Maria whipped Puerto Rico  with Irma-level winds, drenched the island with Harvey-level flooding,  crippled communications, decimated buildings and damaged the dam that  puts the downstream residents at risk of catastrophe.''   That is what our fellow Americans are facing right now down in the  Caribbean. We need to act with urgency and purpose to aid Puerto Rico  in their time of need. I will have a chance to go down there on Sunday.  I want to see it firsthand. I will continue to carry this message: The  U.S. Congress has to come to the aid of our friends and our fellow  citizens in the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.   I have talked to the Department of Defense and said: Do everything  that you can do to assist. They are trying. I talked to the FAA  Administrator. There is just the simple thing of being able to have  instrument landings after so many of the radars got knocked out. Here  is one example of just a practical problem facing the island, as if  they didn't have enough practical problems to begin with.   Look at the financial crisis. The Medicaid funds are going to run  out. That is before the hurricane. Look at the Zika crisis in Puerto  Rico. That is before the hurricane. Think what it is like now.   Here is an example. One of the radars on the top of a mountain gets  taken out by the storm. All right, we need to get it back up there. We  need a helicopter, and can get a helicopter to take a radar up to place  it there, because the roads are impassable, but now there is cloud  cover up in the mountain, and they can't fly up. So one problem  compounds another, just so we can get instrument landings coming into  Puerto Rico instead of the visual flight rules where we have to keep so  much more distance from the planes. Just think if we end up having to  have an airlift in order to get food and supplies into Puerto Rico to  keep them alive.   Now is not the time to talk about the former financial problems or  about the debt payments to bondholders. In a crisis, all that matters  is saving lives and giving the people the resources they need to get  back on their feet. I am hopeful that our colleagues will see the  urgency of the situation in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, in  addition to the ongoing troubles in Florida and, I expect, Texas, as  well, which will continue for some time.   I hope we can work together to get an aid package soon that helps all  of those affected by the storms as soon as possible. Why? Because we  are all Americans, and we need to act like it. We need to come together  and get on the long road to recovery.   I yield the floor.   