 Mr. President, today is America's lucky day. And we all  know what the definition of ``luck'' is--luck is when opportunity meets  preparation. We are very lucky as a country and we are very lucky as a  Senate that our majority leader, Mitch McConnell, was where he is and  is where he is at the time he is. It was his vision a few years ago  that the tax issue was going to emerge as the central issue in the  growth and development of our country and that unless we met the  challenges of our Tax Code, opened up opportunity for our public, and  expanded opportunity for our businesses, the American people could  succumb to a high-tax system without productivity.   We also got lucky because Senator McConnell picked a man to be  chairman of this committee--Orrin Hatch--who brought years of  experience in the U.S. Senate and the compassion that Orrin Hatch has  as a Mormon and as an American to a tax code that is by no means  simple--it was always complex--to make it simpler and fairer, pro- family and pro-jobs.   Let me tell you something. There are a lot of disappointed people  overseas right now because those who have been picking our pockets by  inverting American corporations to foreign systems because their taxes  were lower than ours are out of luck. Now those people are going to be  incentivized to come to America, to make investments in our country, to  expand opportunities and jobs in our country. No longer will companies  want to leave America; companies will invest and be more American. That  is fantastic, and that is why this is a pro-jobs tax bill. It is going  to create a lot of opportunity, and opportunity is what Americans want  and what Americans need.   For the average American family--and let me talk about my family for  a second. I think I am pretty average. My wife and I are fortunate. We  have three great children and nine great grandchildren. I was lucky  enough to have worked in a small LLC--limited liability partnership-- real estate brokerage company, mom-and-pop brokerage company. My wife  taught in public schools. Our children went to the University of  Georgia and to the public schools of our community. We saved for their  education. We did everything we could to invest in hope for them in the  future, and today they are all gainfully employed. They are all happy,  but they are all struggling, as everybody else is, with a burdensome  tax system, with less opportunity than we would like for them to have.  By simplifying the tax system, by making it fairer, as we have done  here, we have given more opportunity to my grandchildren, my children,  and more opportunity to America.   Lastly, I want to make this point: There are only two ways to raise  taxes or raise revenue. One is to charge more. That means you raise  somebody's taxes. The other way to do it is to create opportunity. So  people create companies and jobs because the opportunity is there. When  you create opportunity and when jobs are created, revenues increase.  When people do better in their jobs, their incomes go up. When  companies have people who do better in their jobs, they expand. When  they expand, they produce more revenue that becomes taxable. So we  raise our revenue not by lowering expectations but by raising  opportunity for our people and for our children.   We are very lucky as Americans today. I am very lucky to be in this  U.S. Senate today. We are lucky to have had leaders in place at a time  that was right to address our country's biggest challenge and do it the  right way.   When I was in the Georgia Legislature, I sat next to an oldtime  rural-hat politician who ran the Ways and Means Committee of the  Georgia Legislature. I will never forget that one day he and I were  sitting side by side as we were listening to a gentleman make a speech  in the well. The gentleman in the well paused a minute to try to make a  point, and he said: Ladies and gentlemen, let me tax your memory. And  my old friend, the rural-hat politician, said: Damn, I wish I had  thought of that.   That is the way we have done taxes in this country for a long time-- just taxed people's memory, tried to look for an opportunity to tax  something for us. What we are doing here is we are creating  opportunity. We are raising revenue through prosperity. Americans will  raise revenue for their pockets first before the country gets the  revenue second.   So it is our lucky day--lucky to have good leaders, lucky to live in  the greatest country on the face of this Earth. And if we do our job-- if we pass this bill before the end of this year and  [[Page S7143]]  change the Tax Code of the United States of America to a fairer, pro- jobs, pro-family tax code--then we will have made our contribution to  history at a time when it was our opportunity. I hope it will never be  said that we let our country down when that opportunity was available  to us.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Pennsylvania.   