 Mr. President, I do.    Mr. President, call me old-fashioned, but as a member  of the Senate Finance Committee, I still believe the legislative  process matters, especially when you are dealing with matters of life  and death, like healthcare.   In 2009 and 2010, we had a painstakingly open, deliberative process  while drafting our healthcare reform bill.   In the Senate Finance Committee alone, we held 53 hearings,  roundtables, and meetings, consulting with patients, advocates,  doctors, and industry leaders.   Only after months of bipartisan negotiations and marathon markups did  we bring the healthcare bill to the floor, and when we did, we spent 25  days debating it in full view of the American  [[Page S3790]]  people. That is how we passed a law that protected Americans with preexisting conditions. That is how we stopped health insurance  companies from dropping consumers the moment they got sick. That is how  we passed a law that delivered coverage to 9 out of 10 Americans for  the first time in history.   Because when you have an open, deliberative, bipartisan process, you  can deliver real progress to millions of Americans. But when you have  an ugly, partisan, backroom process, you get an ugly, partisan bill.  And that is what we have with the Senate Republican healthcare bill.   It is an ugly bill, born out of an ugly process with ugly  consequences for the American people.   And you don't have to take my word for it. Just last night, the CBO  confirmed that the Republican health bill will leave 15 million more  Americans uninsured next year--and 22 million uninsured by 2026.   And mind you, this is the plan that Republicans promised would be so  much better than the unpopular, disastrous legislation passed by House  Republicans earlier this year.   Well, if Trump thought the House healthcare bill was mean, then the  Senate Republican plan is downright nasty.   It is really quite simple. Republicans want to give the 400  wealthiest families in America--the Warren Buffets and Donald Trumps of  our society--a huge tax cut they do not need, paid for by taking  healthcare away from those who need it the most.   For years, Republicans railed against the Affordable Care Act, and  pledged they would repeal and replace it with something better. But  under the plan they put out last week, the only people who are better  off are millionaires and health insurance company executives.   Across the board, Americans will pay the price. They will pay higher  premiums, higher out-of-pocket cost, higher deductibles--all for less  comprehensive coverage. That is because the GOP plan still rolls back  key consumer safeguards, like protection from lifetime limits and  coverage for preexisting conditions.   It still ends the Affordable Care Act's Federal guarantee that every  health plan cover essential health benefits, like prescription drugs,  prenatal care, hospital stays, and more. It still defunds Planned  Parenthood and saddles women with higher costs. It still imposes a  crushing age tax on middle-aged Americans.   My Republican colleagues like to say that this bill gives Americans  more choice over their healthcare. But I have heard from countless New  Jerseyans in recent weeks who know that under the Republican health  plan, they will have no choice but to go uninsured.   I have heard from older workers, like Howard in Park Ridge, NJ.   He writes: Without subsidies provided under the ACA, my 51-year-old  wife and I would have no insurance. We could not afford premiums in  excess of $1100 a month. . . . Without these subsidies millions will go  uninsured and many of these people, myself included, will die.   If all the choices Republicans provide workers like Howard are  unaffordable, what good are they? That is not choice. That is a death  sentence.   Or consider the half a million low-income New Jerseyans who secured  coverage thanks to the ACA's Medicaid expansion.   My Republican colleagues call them ``able-bodied adults.'' But they  aren't able to even afford a trip to the doctor under this bill. Many  of them have low-wage jobs that don't come with health benefits-- dishwashers, cashiers, home health aides. These are the people I grew  up with in Union City. These are the people abandoned by the  Republicans' heartless healthcare plan--people like Alton Robinson of  Morris County. He credits Medicaid expansion with saving his life.   Alton struggled with addiction for nearly two decades. Medicaid  enabled him to get substance abuse treatment and the physical and  mental healthcare.   Today, Alton is clean. His life is on track. And he spends his  working days helping other New Jerseyans get on the path to recovery.   Republicans' cruel bill leaves millions of people who rely on  Medicaid expansion with no options at all. And for what? To give health  insurance executives, real estate moguls, and hedge fund managers a  massive tax cut they don't need?   According to New Jersey Policy Perspective, a handful of New Jersey  millionaires and corporations get a $15 billion tax cut under this  terrible Republican health plan, while over half a million people lose  their coverage.   And, of course, this legislation goes far beyond ending Medicaid  expansion. It ends Medicaid as we know it.   Their plan fulfills a decades-old right-wing mission to shred the  social safety net--forcing the most vulnerable among us to pay for tax  cuts for the richest among us.   It has nothing to do with giving States more choice over how to run  Medicaid. Because when you slash Medicaid by nearly $800 billion, you  leave States with no choice but to provide less care. When you cut  Medicaid funding by $60 billion in New Jersey, you leave the State with  no choice but to abandon the most vulnerable--people like Leandra, the  13-year-old girl I met last week in Newark. She suffers from a rare  muscle disease that leaves her confined to a wheelchair, too weak to  walk and in extraordinary pain. She takes 18 medications each day. She  has survived 19 surgeries.   Leandra can't speak out against this horrible, cruel Republican  healthcare bill that would jeopardize her life. But we can. And we must  continue to be Leandra's voice until Republicans finally hear her.   That is the kind of process we need when we talk about healthcare--a  process that gives voice to the voiceless.   So today I say to Americans everywhere: don't sit on the sidelines.  Don't be silenced. Make your voices heard. Tell Republicans what this  heartless healthcare plan means for your families and your future.   Mr. President, I have a group of Nordic Parliamentarians I am hosting  in a few minutes. Let me say that I join my Senate Finance Committee  colleagues in this effort because I still think the legislative process  matters, especially when dealing with matters of life and death like  healthcare.   To reiterate, in 2009 and 2010, we had a painstakingly open,  deliberative process while drafting our healthcare reform bill. In the  Senate Finance Committee alone, we held 53 hearings, roundtables,  meetings, consulted with patients, advocates, doctors, industry  leaders, and only after months of bipartisan negotiations and marathon  markups did we bring the healthcare bill to the floor. And when we did,  we spent 25 days debating it in full view of the American people. That  is how we passed a law that protected Americans with preexisting  conditions. That is how we stopped health insurance companies from  dropping consumers the moment they got sick. That is how we passed the  law that delivered coverage to 9 out of 10 Americans for the first time  in history.    When you have an open, deliberative, bipartisan process, you can  deliver real progress to millions of Americans, but when you have a  backroom, partisan process, you get an ugly, partisan bill, and that is  what we have with the Senate Republican healthcare bill. It is an ugly  bill in terms of what it does to people, it is born of an ugly process,  and it has ugly consequences for the American people.   Just last night, as we all heard, the CBO, the Congressional Budget  Office, a nonpartisan scoring division for all of us, Republicans and  Democrats alike, said 22 million people will lose their health  insurance and 15 million next year if the law were to pass.   Mind you, this was a law that was supposed to be better than the  House Republican version. Well, that bill was mean, this bill is  downright nasty. It takes healthcare away from those who most need it,  only to give tax cuts to the Warren Buffetts and Donald Trumps of the  world, who, fortunately for them, don't need it.   It is amazing to me that for years I have heard my Republican  colleagues rail against the Affordable Care Act--or as they call it,  ObamaCare--and pledge to repeal it and replace it with something  better. They had 7 years to come together and decide what that would  be, and then, on a plan that was put out only late last week, we see  the consequences of something that was rushed together by 13 men, no  women, and nobody creating the diversity of America that relates to  their  [[Page S3791]]  healthcare. That is fundamentally wrong, and I am not surprised that  many of my Republican colleagues revolted against it--at least at this  point. The question is whether they will continue to demand of their  party and of all of us the type of healthcare that we want to see for  each American, because under the plan as it was proposed, Americans  will pay higher premiums, higher out-of-pocket costs, higher  deductibles, all for less comprehensive coverage--pay more for less.   It rolls back key consumer safeguards. There is a difference between  a guarantee--when we hear the word ``entitlement,'' we are really  talking about a guarantee against lifetime limits. You have a serious  disease, and you come up to that cap in your insurance. You still have  the disease, you still have cancer, you are still treating it, you are  still fighting it, you are trying to save your life, but you don't have  any more money because there is no more insurance coverage. We  eliminated that under the law. There is no guarantee of continuing that  safety under the Republican bill.   There is no guarantee that when you give States waivers, the way in  which they treat those waivers--that you truly have a guarantee against  preexisting conditions being a prohibition to getting healthcare.   Finally, if you are middle class and middle aged, this bill gives you  nothing. Nothing. If you are an older American, it costs you  enormously.   Let me make my final point about Medicaid. Look, I am tired of  hearing about Medicaid being only about the poor, as if the poor don't  deserve health insurance. They certainly do. But Medicaid is about a  lot more than the poor. In my home State of New Jersey, 60 percent of  recipients are either seniors or those who are disabled. They didn't  choose to be disabled; they either were born with or developed a  disability. They deserve the full potential of their God-given  potential, as anybody else does. Medicaid provides them healthcare so  they can be a successful part of our society. Medicaid provides seniors  with dignity in the twilight of their lives. Medicaid provides for  pregnant mothers who may not have insurance elsewhere. Medicaid takes  care of special education children in our schools. And, yes, Medicaid  takes care of the poor.   Medicaid expansion helps those who go to work in some of the toughest  jobs in my State and in our country. They have the dignity of having  healthcare and being able to stay healthy so they can work. We want  them to work. Yet we take away the healthcare that is the very essence  of what keeps them healthy so they can work. That is not the America I  know. That is not the healthcare that was promised.   We can do better, and we can do better together. What we need to do  is get over the mantra of, let's just repeal the Affordable Care Act  instead of improve it. If you want to improve it and improve the  healthcare of Americans, you are going to find a lot of Democrats ready  to do that, myself included.   With that, I yield the floor.   