 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 599 urges a political solution to the war in  Yemen, condemns Iranian efforts to fuel the deadly violence, and calls  on all parties to the conflict to increase efforts to adopt all  necessary and appropriate measures to prevent civilian casualties and  to increase humanitarian accesses.   Events of the past week demonstrate the urgency of resolving this  perilous conflict. On Saturday, November 4, Iranian-backed Houthi  rebels in Yemen fired an Iranian-made ballistic missile at Saudi  Arabia's capital. By Monday, Riyadh, in the midst of a massive palace  shakeup, described the attack as an ``act of war'' by Iran and ordered  all Yemen's land, sea, and air ports of entry closed.   Saudi Arabia said the port closures were necessary to prevent Iran  from continuing to arm the Houthis, but the move also spelled dire  consequences for Yemen's civilian population, suffering under its third  year of punishing wartime conditions. In a country where nearly 70  percent of the population needs some form of humanitarian or protection  assistance, port closures have the distinct look of collective  punishment.   Although Saudi Arabia, this morning, announced it would begin lifting  the restrictions, this dramatic sequence of events underscores the  potential this war has on any given hour or day to explode into a  regional confrontation and even greater humanitarian catastrophe.   From the regional perspective, Yemen remains a critical foothold for  Iranian influence on the southern flank of the Middle East. The  conflict there allows the Iranian regime to cynically sow instability  that redounds to its own benefit and that of other avowed enemies of  the United States and our allies. Gaps in governance around the region  have served as an entryway for Iranian influence, most notably in Syria  and Iraq, where Iran and Hezbollah leveraged the emergence of ISIS and  al-Qaida to extend their influence.   Tehran is playing in a similar game in Yemen, where its campaign to  undermine the country's government has benefited Iran-aligned Houthi  militias; al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP; and Yemen's ISIS  affiliate.   From the humanitarian perspective, Mr. Speaker, the ongoing costs of  the war are absolutely catastrophic. In late September, the ICRC,  International Committee of the Red Cross, warned that Yemen's cholera  outbreak is exploding. It is now at 750,000, and could reach 1 million  by the end of this year. In July, the WHO called Yemen's cholera  outbreak the worst in the world.   In March of last year, Mr. Speaker, I chaired a congressional hearing  on ``The Growing Threat of Cholera and Other Diseases in the Middle  East.'' At that time, we focused especially on the outbreak in Iran and  Syria brought about by the collapse of the healthcare sectors and  sanitation infrastructure.  [[Page H9154]]  Today, that epidemic now is in Yemen, and it has overtaken even Iraq  and Syria.   I appreciate the resolution.   