 Mr. President, I want to spend a little bit of time today  talking about how badly ObamaCare is failing the American people and  how my Republican colleagues and I are working to repeal and replace it  with healthcare that works. I wish I could say that Democrats and  Republicans were working together to replace it with healthcare that  works. Unfortunately, our Democratic colleagues have taken a walk on  this particular topic and, apparently, are not interested in  participating.   Even though 30 million Americans remain uninsured under ObamaCare,  the individual market--where people buy their health insurance if they  do not have employer-provided coverage or government-provided  coverage--is in a death spiral. This was confirmed by a study by the  Department of Health and Human Services. It was also the subject of a  Wall Street Journal article today that makes the point that average  premiums in the individual market have increased 105 percent since 2013  in the 39 States in which the ObamaCare exchanges are federally  run. This translates into $3,000 more out-of-pocket for middle-class,  hard-working families--a 105-percent increase in premiums since 2013.    I dare anybody to say ObamaCare is working as it was intended. All  one has to do is look back to President Obama's very words, when he  said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor; if you like  your health insurance policy, you can keep that. He also said: Oh, by  the way, we are going to save you money too. A family of four will save  $2,500 a year. Contrast that to the $3,000-a-year increase since 2013  in the individual market--a 105-percent increase.   As I said earlier, this week the Department of Health and Human  Services released a report that underscores the negative impact  ObamaCare is having on families across the country. The report  highlights the incredible increase in annual premium prices since  ObamaCare took effect, and I mention that in the aggregate.   Let's look at places like Texas. In Texas, the average monthly  premium jumped from $222 in 2013 to $404--about an 82-percent increase.  If you are a young person buying health insurance, a young family or  anybody, for that matter, spending $222 a month and it jumps 82  percent, to $404, that is a big bite out of your disposable income.  That is pretty bad, there is no question about it, but Texas wasn't  close to being the hardest hit.   For example, in Wisconsin, premiums have almost doubled. In Montana,  they have gone up 133 percent. In some States, the premiums have  actually tripled. As I said, the average individual premium has more  than doubled in the 39 States using healthcare.gov--an increase of 105  percent since 2013.   That is not the only problem with ObamaCare. This year, one in three  counties across the United States have just one insurer on the  ObamaCare exchange. In other words, ObamaCare has gotten it so wrong  that the risk pools are mainly people who are older and who need  healthcare more, and many younger people--young, healthy people who are  important in the risk pool to help bring premiums down for everybody-- are simply taking a walk. This isn't the mark of a healthcare law that  is working for the American people or helping our country grow  healthier. It is the mark of a law that is actually hurting families by  giving them fewer options at a higher cost and failing to deliver on  any promises. We wonder why people are cynical about their own  government. Well, it is because of promises made and promises not kept,  and ObamaCare--I have said it before and I will say it again--is one of  the biggest examples of consumer fraud I have ever seen in my lifetime.   We are talking about real-world consequences here. My colleagues on  the other side of the aisle like to talk about how many people would be  potentially hurt by repealing and replacing ObamaCare. Of course, that  is purely speculative. They are making it harder because they refuse to  participate in this process, but we are determined to make sure we  bring premiums down and make health insurance more affordable for those  who want to buy it.   Let me talk about concrete examples of people terribly affected by  the ObamaCare healthcare law. One of my constituents wrote me a few  weeks ago and said she and her husband got their insurance from her  husband's job, but since ObamaCare came into effect, their premiums  have tripled, and she estimates their deductibles have doubled. What is  also frightening is that her prescriptions have skyrocketed too. As an  example, an inhaler that previously cost her $35 now costs almost 10  times that amount--well over $300.   Given the outrageous costs, this Texan decided to see if she could  get a better deal on the exchange since her insurance costs kept going  up and up and up. She said the deductible she would have gotten was  $6,000 a year. Add that to higher premiums, and she said ObamaCare was  too high to even think about changing to.   ObamaCare has had so many negative ripple effects throughout our  entire economy. It restricted the number of hours people can work  because of the employer mandate. It raised taxes, depressing economic  activity and growth--things like the medical device tax. The medical  device industry is one of the most innovative, lifesaving industries in  our country and literally in the world. Yet ObamaCare imposed a medical  device tax and chased those jobs and the innovation that goes along  with them offshore. I remember one of my constituents from Dallas, TX,  said they had a location in Costa Rica, and as long as the medical  device tax applied to things they did in Texas and in the United  States, they were going to take their business and build it in Costa  Rica for one reason and one reason alone; that is, to avoid this  crushing tax.   The result has not been good for the economy, and it has not been  good for healthcare. Many folks can't find any reasonable insurance  that will actually pay for what they want. They can't afford what  insurance they do have, and they feel hopeless and helpless as the  rates keep climbing.   Because I know these stories apply not only in Alaska or in Texas,  they apply all across the country, one would think we would have  Senators on both sides of the aisle clamoring and working together to  try to come up with some solutions, but, once again, it is stony  silence from our colleagues across the aisle.   As my constituent rightly pointed out, so much of their income is now  going toward premiums and other healthcare costs, she said she and her  husband feel like they are actually being robbed. That is why we  believe, on this side of the aisle--I wish I could say on both sides of  the aisle but certainly on this side of the aisle--that we need to find  a solution that works for our country.   So here is an open invitation to any of our colleagues in either  House of Congress: Please come work with us, not for our benefit, not  for any political gain or advantage but because it is the right thing  to do. That is why we get elected. That is why we serve, not to engage  in petty politics but to actually do things that help our constituents.   This isn't just a red-State problem. I pointed that out earlier when  I referenced Wisconsin and Montana. This is a problem that confronts  our entire country.   So we are going to continue to keep working on a bill that repeals  this ObamaCare disaster and replaces it with patient-centered,  accessible healthcare that make sense for the  [[Page S3169]]  American people. I hope our colleagues on the other side of the aisle  come around to join us because we do intend to get this done.   I just want to read a couple of other excerpts from this Wall Street  Journal editorial today. They talk a little bit about how to read the  CBO report. The Congressional Budget Office, as the Presiding Officer  knows, really has the final word on interpreting, from an official  standpoint, what the impact of proposed legislation would be, but I  have to say this is far from the holy writ.   Here is a good example. In this article, they point out ObamaCare  coverage estimates--CBO estimates for ObamaCare coverage by year in  millions of enrollees. For example, in 2013, they projected that 7  million enrollees would enroll in ObamaCare, and it was 6 million. That  is not too far off, but let's look at 2015. In 2015, they said 13  million would enroll, and 11 million enrolled. Again, that is ballpark,  but then we go to 2016. They predicted that 21 million people would  enroll in ObamaCare. Do you know how many enrolled? Twelve million.  They missed it by almost 50 percent. That is not close. Then, in 2017,  they projected it would be 15 million, and it was 10 million.   I say that not to disparage the Congressional Budget Office because I  know they are doing the best they can, but it is hard to predict the  future, and it is also hard to predict how markets will work and how  people will respond to the incentive of more choices and lower costs.   This is not a red-State or a blue-State issue because, as I  mentioned, in Missouri alone HHS has said that premiums have increased  145 percent. So wouldn't we think we would have both Senators from  Missouri on the floor working with us to try to solve the problem? I  know Senator Blunt is working with us to try to solve the problem, but  we would benefit from having a bipartisan effort to address the  problem.   They also point out that there are other things the CBO report talks  about which is significant, particularly in terms of getting our  economy growing again. They said, for example, that the House bill cut  taxes by $992 billion, spending by $1.1 trillion, and reduced the  deficit by $119 billion. Now, I know that is not the primary effort  here when it comes to healthcare, but if we want to get our economy  growing again, if we want to make it possible for more people to buy  healthcare coverage at a price they can afford, it helps if they have a  job, and it helps if the economy is growing.   Here is the thing that, to me, is perhaps the most cynical argument  by the critics of what we are trying to do in repealing and replacing  ObamaCare. Despite the fact that there are 30 million people uninsured  now--hardly a success, hardly the gold standard for providing access to  healthcare coverage--the Congressional Budget Office points out what I  think is pretty obvious. If you take the gun away from people's heads  and you don't force them to buy a product they really don't want, fewer  people are actually going to buy it because it doesn't suit their  needs, and it is not available at a price they can afford. As the Wall  Street Journal points out, without the threat of government to buy  insurance or else pay a penalty, some people will conclude that  ObamaCare coverage isn't worth the price, even with the subsidies.   Sometimes I wish we would have honest and open debates about the  problems that confront our country, and certainly healthcare is  something near and dear to all of our hearts. Too often I feel as  though we are ships passing in the night or reverting to our talking  points rather than having an open and honest discussion. This is an  area where we can benefit from an open and honest discussion and an  acknowledgment that the status quo is unsustainable.   If Hillary Clinton were President of the United States today, we  would be revisiting ObamaCare because the individual market is, as I  described earlier, failing. It is failing. I am confident our  colleagues across the aisle would be eager to try to step forward to  address that, but because the candidate they did not choose won the  Presidency, then they are in full-blown resistance, not offering to  lift even a finger to try to help us solve this problem, and it is a  shame, but it is not too late.   We invite them again to join us as we repeal and replace ObamaCare,  providing people with more choices at a price they can afford, not  because we are going to hold a gun to their head and say you are going  to have to buy a product you don't want, at a price you can't afford,  we are going to give people the freedom to choose. That is not a bad  thing. That is a good thing. That is what America is all about--not  having government force you to make decisions that you don't view are  in your own economic self-interests.   I yield the floor.   