 Mr. President, I thank my friend, the senior Senator from  Tennessee, Mr. Alexander, for his eloquent comments about this great  nomination. I also thank him again, as I have many times, for the  outstanding relationship he developed with Japan that has borne so much  fruit for the citizens in our State and so many States across the  Southeast. I thank him very much for that.   I rise today also to offer my strong support for the nomination of  Bill Hagerty to serve as the U.S. Ambassador to Japan. Bill is one of  the most outstanding appointments that President Trump has made, and  his confirmation is long overdue.   The relationship between the United States and Japan speaks for  itself, and hosting Prime Minister Abe as one of the first visitors  speaks to how the Trump administration and our country feel about  Japan.   As a fellow Tennessean, I have had the privilege of knowing Bill  Hagerty and his family on a personal level. I have seen him in business  and the outstanding things he has done there. I have seen him represent  our State as commissioner of economic development, and he caused it to  be one of the most heralded States in the country relative to job  creation. Much of that had to do with his ability to deal with other  governments around the world and cause them to be attracted to our  State.   I also know that he and his wife Chrissy actually met in Japan, so  this is an exciting time and sort of a homecoming for their family.   There is no one more well-suited to fill this important role, and I  know our Nation will benefit from Bill's leadership and experience as  he carries on the tremendous legacy of U.S. Ambassadors to Japan,  including the late Howard Baker, another fellow Tennessean.   I am really, really proud of this nomination and know that Bill will  represent the very best of our country during his service in Japan.   I strongly urge my colleagues to support this confirmation. This is  long overdue, and I know he will be going to Japan at a time when we  truly need an ambassador with his capacity.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   