 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution and the complete  dismantlement of the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces executive order.   Among other worker protection benefits, President Obama's Fair Pay  and Safe Workplaces executive order prohibits Federal contractors from  using forced arbitration clauses in employment contracts involving  civil, sexual assault, and harassment disputes. It directs companies  with Federal contracts of $1 million or more not to require their  employees to enter into pre-dispute arbitration proceedings for  disputes arising out of title VII of the Civil Rights Act or from  sexual assault or harassment cases, except when valid contracts already  exist.   This existing order built upon existing policy that was successfully  implemented at the Department of Defense, the largest Federal  contracting agency, and it will help improve contractors' compliance  with labor laws.   Simply put, Mr. Speaker, the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces executive  order required Federal contractors to give employees their day in  court. By doing away with this order, the new administration is  subjecting workers to forced arbitration, which is a private and  fundamentally unfair process.   Unlike the court system, which was developed through centuries of  jurisprudence, forced arbitration does not provide important procedural  guarantees of fairness and due process that are the hallmark of our  courts. There are no requirements that witnesses testify under oath or  affirmation, rules of evidence and procedure are not relied upon, the  caselaw that has been developed over centuries is not used as  precedent, and arbitration proceedings are often secretive, sealed, and  there is no meaningful right to appeal.    Behind closed doors and shrouded in secrecy, forced arbitration  enables employers to conceal wrongdoing from the public and to  undermine employee rights.   Since 2007, I have championed the Arbitration Fairness Act, which  would eliminate forced arbitration clauses in employment, consumer, and  civil  [[Page H914]]  rights cases. The executive order took us one step closer.   Americans deserve better than private, unaccountable tribunals that  adjudicate disputes, mostly in favor of the employer. Equal access to  justice for all should not be an aspiration but a guarantee for all  Americans.   I ask my colleagues to oppose H.J. Res. 37.   