 Mr. President, August is Rural Broadband Month at the  Federal Communications Commission. The Commerce Committee just today  put forward nominees for the Commission, and the Commission does  matter. But I want to talk today specifically about highlighting the  importance of broadband in rural America and rural Missouri.   In January of this year, I joined a number of my Senate colleagues on  a bipartisan letter to President Trump regarding the importance of  broadband and expanding its access to all of the country and,  particularly, the parts of our country that are not currently served.   As part of any infrastructure legislation that the Congress is  talking about, I think we and the administration need to consider  policies that advance infrastructure not just solely in terms of roads,  bridges, and ports, which are important, particularly where the  Presiding Officer and I live, in Arkansas and Missouri. That  transportation network means so much to us, but also important is how  people are able to communicate and compete. High speed internet access  cannot be overlooked as we consider what our infrastructure should look  like going forward.   Broadband can be delivered by wireless or wireline technology. It can  be brought to customers by traditional communications companies in  rural areas. Often, now, rural electric co-ops show great interest and  capacity to do this, as do others. Following the significant steps that  Congress took to deregulate the market as part of the 1996  Telecommunications Act, the broadband industry has really responded.  They invested a lot of money. In fact, they invested $1.5 trillion of  private money to deploy better and faster networks. If you have access  to one of those networks, you know what a difference it makes.   In 2015 alone--that is the last number I have access to--the  investment by traditional wireline companies, wireless companies, and  cable providers was $76 billion. All of that is really good, except  that there is a real divide between the rural areas of my State and the  rural areas of the country and the other more populated areas.   Some people say: Oh, that is just a myth; there is no digital divide.  I would have them look at any number of articles. One article in the  Wall Street Journal in June made the point that 39 percent of the  United States' rural population lacks access to broadband. That sounds  like a pretty big divide to me--that 39 percent of the entire rural  population of the country doesn't have broadband, and 61 percent of  rural Missourians lack access to broadband. These numbers are not  acceptable.   Most private investment has been directed, as you would assume it  would be, toward high populations, highly populated and easily accessed  areas, and future customers. This is like the same problem the country  had 100 years ago transitioning to telephones. It was hard to get a  telephone to a house that was 5 miles away from the nearest house, as  opposed to a house that was in the same apartment building to the  nearest apartment. It is a lot harder to do that. The government at  that time said that there would be a universal service fee on phone  bills, and then use that money to ensure that everybody would have  equal access to what was obviously seen as a really important way to  communicate. The concept of Universal Service was enshrined in the 1996  act. It said that rural households should have the same access to  advanced telecommunications enjoyed by their urban counterparts. It is  a good goal for a lot of reasons.   I saw some figures this week. When looking at the overdose deaths and  the opioid problems in the country, they are much greater in rural  counties than they are in urban centers. In our State, Kansas City, our  biggest city by population and any of the five counties that touched it  weren't anywhere close to the top list of other areas in our State that  had this problem. It matters when you are not connected. It matters  when opportunities that you otherwise would have simply aren't there  because somehow a service that is essential to our society today isn't  available to you in the same way it is available to others. I am not  saying it should be free to some and cost other people something, but  it should be available to you in the same way that it is available to  others in our society, as the 1996 Telecommunications Act stated.    Broadband is necessary to attract and retain business for banks,  factories, distribution centers, and small businesses. It is necessary  to start and maintain a business, large or small. If business is going  to compete outside the local marketplace, there has to be that  connectivity. Frankly, in order to compete in the local marketplace and  to have the ability to buy at the best price and to get the kind of  products needed, the internet really matters.   Broadband is always there. We have to have it if we are going to  compete in the world economy. Many people in rural America are able to  do that in ways that nobody would have dreamed about 10 years ago, but  not everybody has that same access.   Certainly, it is critical for schools and libraries. Just today, a  parent was telling me that students can't do their homework anymore  unless they can get internet access somewhere close to where they live.  Students depend on the internet for education and opportunity where we  live today.   A revolution has taken place in agriculture. The great food-producing  economy that we have produces more food all the time. It actually  produces more food with fewer people. So that creates some displaced  people who otherwise would have had those jobs, but  [[Page S4709]]  it also uses wireless infrastructure, data, and GPS structures to  decide what should happen in a field at a given time in that part of  the field. There are data centers, autonomous systems, and fiber optics  that are a part of agriculture today. If you are linked to broadband  and you are in your combine and have a problem, sometimes that problem  can be solved in a couple of minutes by quickly accessing your system,  seeing where the problem is, resetting what you need to set and moving  on, as opposed to the other option, which is calling the repair person,  having the technologist come out with their computer, hook it up to  your combine, and 5 or 6 hours later, at a time when you are in the  critical moments of your annual livelihood, suddenly you are working  again, when you could have been working 5 or 6 minutes later if you had  been connected like many farmers are today.   Broadband is more than just economic opportunity. Rural hospitals and  health clinics are able to use telemedicine to bring services at a  level that otherwise would not be available. This is particularly  important in mental and behavioral healthcare. A lot of people are  every bit as comfortable or more comfortable with telehealth than they  are with somebody in the room with them. Also, with intensive care,  suddenly all of the resources that may be available 100 miles away can  be right there at the point where questions are asked and that  information is handled. Suddenly, somebody's life is saved because of  the capacity to have that kind of communication.   For years I have tried to lead when I could, and joined my colleagues  when they were leading, with numerous letters to the FCC urging it to  reform the Universal Service Program for the digital era. Most people  who don't have a line to their phone have a way to get a phone in their  hand now, but they don't have a way to get this important way to  communicate and to compete. It is frustrating, when we see the limited  resources we have--the government resources--to put into something like  this to see limited funds go to places where you are just creating  another provider and more competition, except that the second provider  has government money on its side to compete with the first provider  that went in with its own money. There is a big difference between  unserved and any level of underserved. If you are unserved, like 69  percent of rural Missourians, the idea that somebody else doesn't have  enough competition in the place they live doesn't seem to make very  much sense to you. If there is a competitive marketplace and somebody  wants to go in there and compete and get the prices down, that is all  fine, but I think the government focus should be just like it was with  telephones 100 years ago--to see that people had the opportunity to  have that phone the same as their neighbors in more densely populated  areas.   The President recently designated Ajit Pai to be the Chairman of the  FCC. We are finally seeing the Commission take actions to address rural  broadband. In February, I wrote to the Chairman and urged him to act on  the $2 billion available for rural broadband and open this money up to  auction so new entrants into the field, like electric co-ops, can  competitively bid alongside everybody else. The FCC has decided to do  that.   Tomorrow the Commission will consider a notice to initiate the pre- auction process for this money to deploy fiber optics in parts of  Missouri. This will complement other initiatives underway, as the FCC  looks at how to address rural broadband. They have launched a $4.5  billion auction for mobile wireless service in rural areas. They are  suspending out-of-date rules that forced small carriers to raise  telephone rates. They are launching a proceeding to reduce costs for  companies upgrading from copper to fiber optic networks--another FCC  initiative. They are launching a broadband advisory committee. These  are all steps in the right direction, where you and I live. They will  make a difference.   I look forward to continuing to work with the Chairman and others on  the Commission on this issue. I think rural broadband is particularly  leveling in creating the opportunities that we would like to see. The  Commission will now be back up to its five-member intention of how many  people are supposed to be there, making those decisions.    There is still work to be done. We need to reduce the digital divide.  Connectivity is critical. We also need policies that support efficient  network structures that allow people to not just connect to a network  but to connect with a network that really works.   Let me talk about one other Missouri issue that relates here.   I said earlier that Kansas City is now our biggest city, our most  populous city. Still, St. Louis, I think, by region, is the bigger  region, but the city of St. Louis is not as big as Kansas City. In  Kansas City, they have an internet exchange called KCIX. It is a  peering center that offers tremendous benefits to secondary educational  institutions, to high schools, to vocational programs, and to others so  they really maximize how they communicate with each other and have the  availability of resources in one place much more equally available in  others, and large amounts of bandwidth can be diverted by using this  peering infrastructure.   Frankly, what is happening in Kansas City this fall is that the North  Kansas City School District will establish connections to KCIX. It is  estimated that it may save the district almost $500,000 a year in  bandwidth just by looking at peering. If peering helps there, maybe  peering is one of the other things we can look at that will help solve  the rural broadband challenge as well.   We are going to be working on this. There will be legislation. There  will be continuing efforts to urge the FCC to stay on point. We need to  do what we can to make communities in rural America productive and  competitive and as healthy as they can be.   By the way, there are a lot of stories here to be told. I hope the  next time I come to the floor on this topic that I will come to the  floor with some things that are happening in my State that would not  have happened if there had not been the access to broadband in not very  big communities that are suddenly doing business all over the United  States and all over the world.   How we do that is by not letting any of our country wither away,  where we have existing infrastructure and schools and sidewalks and  water systems and by being sure the people who want to live there can  live there, just like we are being sure now, as we see a revitalization  of some of our downtowns and inner cities. People will want to move  back to them and will have reasons and desires to want to do that. We  are seeing an upswing there.   I think we can see the same kind of thing happen in other parts of  the country if we work to be sure we have an equity of opportunity. One  of the major things that will provide that will be having access to  broadband that works. I hope we can continue to fight that fight and  see the progress we have made just in the last 6 months.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   