 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, what should we call it? What do we call  this new bill the Republicans are rushing  [[Page S1793]]  through to take away healthcare from millions of Americans? Is it  TrumpCare? Is it RyanCare?   It is important to remember that both Paul Ryan and President Trump  are branding experts. The President put his name on a line of steaks.  He put his name on a magazine, on hotels. Then, here is the Speaker of  the House, who has worked pretty hard to be thought of, at least in  this town, as a policy wonk and serious thinker, who has branded  everything he has worked on from the Ryan budget to ``A Better Way.''  Yet neither leader of the Republican Party wants to own this thing.  That is because TrumpCare is one of the worst pieces of legislation I  have ever seen.   The process has been a total mess, and this is despite the fact that  the Republicans had 7 years to work on a plan. At first, they were  thinking about doing this without getting a score from the  Congressional Budget Office, the CBO. Then they realized that even  their own Members--even their loyal soldiers--did not want to vote on  something without knowing how much it would cost or how many people  would lose healthcare.   Now they are saying the score either does not matter or it is wrong  except for the areas in which they like the score. They spent the last  48 hours trashing the CBO, when there is plenty of evidence that for  the last 8 years, they referred to the CBO as an expert source when it  fit their needs.   Look, the legislative process requires hearings, expert testimony,  and that is not a mere formality. That is how you get a decent product.  For all of the complaints about the way the ACA was passed, they did  have hearings; they had discussions. It took over a year. President  Obama, himself, even went to the Republican retreat and personally  engaged in policy.   Moving this fast without having hearings is the kind of thing you do  when naming a post office or doing some other noncontroversial measure,  or it is the kind of thing you do for something that you don't want  people to look at very closely because, with every moment that passes,  this coalition frays, if it ever existed in the first place.   Now you have criticism from literally the left, right, and center.  That is, in part, because no one saw this coming. No one expected a  bill that would look like this because during the campaign this  administration promised not to cut Medicaid. It promised that  everyone--every single American--would have health insurance, but here  we are. If TrumpCare becomes law, 14 million people will lose their  healthcare next year. Let me repeat that. In just 1 year, 14 million  Americans will no longer have the health insurance they were promised.   I want to talk about what that means, what will it mean if people no  longer have healthcare.   This week, the Washington Post featured the stories of people in a  single county whose lives have changed for the better because of  Medicaid. In McDowell County, WV, Medicaid has helped thousands of  people get access to physical therapy and immunizations. It has allowed  them to see counselors for mental health problems and opioid addiction.  It has helped them to afford the medication they need instead of  relying on free samples from clinics.   These services do not just benefit the individuals, they benefit the  whole community by making sure people are healthy enough so they can  work and contribute to the economy. They allow us to save money by  focusing on prevention instead of treatment. This is what is at stake.  These are the services that will go away because TrumpCare is going to  cut Medicaid by $880 billion.   Here is another thing. TrumpCare is also going to impose an age tax  that will allow insurance companies to charge older people more money  for health insurance--a lot more. I want to be clear. We are not just  talking about senior citizens here, we are talking about people who are  pre-Medicare; in other words, anyone under the age of 65 but not  exactly young. For example, a 64-year-old will be charged up to five  times the amount a 21-year-old will be charged. Starting at age 25, the  older you get, the more money you will get charged. That is why AARP  has come out against this bill, because every year you get older they  will charge you more. This is an age tax. This is a penalty for getting  older.   There is an important point to be made about process, and that is  this: This is actually not a healthcare bill. That is not a political  statement. That is not a rhetorical flourish. Here is what is going on.  If this were a healthcare bill, it would be new legislation. In order  to pass legislation, under the rules of the U.S. Senate, which were  agreed upon by both parties over many years, you need 60 votes. The  reason we are working this through reconciliation is, they have nowhere  near 60 votes.   So what can you do within the reconciliation process? They are  basically stuck with dealing with taxes and subsidies because they only  require 51 votes. That is all they can do. This is a tax vehicle.   Then, the question becomes, Who is getting money, and who is getting  charged more money? On that count, this tax bill is one of the biggest  wealth transfers in American history. It is a transfer from working- class Americans to rich Americans. That is what this bill does. It  takes money from the people who need help the most and gives it to the  very wealthy.   Here we are in 2017, just a few months out from an election in which  income inequality was one of the driving issues on both sides of the  aisle. What the Republicans in the House seem to take from that  experience is that their mandate is to go in and reduce taxes for  insurance executives who make more than $500,000 a year and for the  investor class in order to cut Medicaid by $880 billion. It is like  they were asleep all of last year or maybe they were never very serious  about income inequality. We do not need another election to know this  is not what the American people expect from the Congress. They expect  bipartisan compromise. They expect results that will make their  healthcare better.   My own view is, we can work together on healthcare, but it requires  three things: first, good faith; second, bipartisanship; third,  legislative hearings. Frankly, we have seen none of these things  because the process has been a mess. We need to have a conversation in  the light of day and let the American people weigh in. What is the  rush?   There is no doubt there is plenty of room for improvement in the  existing healthcare law, but TrumpCare makes it much worse. It will  cause chaos in the American economy and in 24 million Americans' lives.  That is a threat to the progress we have made over the last 7 years. It  is a threat to one-sixth of the American economy. Most of all, it is a  threat to at least 24 million Americans who stand to lose their  healthcare.   These threats are the reasons the Senate needs to come together and  say: Slow down. Let's work together. Let's work on forming a bipartisan  foundation. Let's have hearings. Most importantly, let's not impose  this catastrophe in a hurry on the American people.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   