 Mr. President, I support the nomination of Elaine  Chao to be Secretary of Transportation.   Ms. Chao has proven a capable manager. She has served in several  administrations, including as Secretary of Labor and Deputy Secretary  of Transportation. Her experience will serve the Transportation  Department and the Cabinet well.   At the Department of Transportation, Ms. Chao will be responsible for  implementing one of President Trump's most ambitious agenda items--a  massive investment in infrastructure. During the campaign, Mr. Trump  proposed to invest $1 trillion to rebuild infrastructure over the next  decade. And on November 9, 2016, President-Elect Trump said, ``We are  going to fix our inner cities and rebuild our highways, bridges,  tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals. We're going to rebuild our  infrastructure, which will become, by the way, second to none. And we  will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it.''   While we have received few details on the plan, I hope that Ms. Chao  will work closely with Congress to identify needs within our States and  invest broadly in roads, bridges, airports, rail, and transit. While I  believe that public-private partnerships can be one avenue to drive  transportation projects, we cannot rely on them to be the backbone of a  transportation plan, as many communities would struggle to assemble the  financing necessary to make such projects viable.   Our Nation's public infrastructure has historically been a bipartisan  priority. It must remain so.   I appreciate Ms. Chao's commitment during her hearing to enforce the  Davis-Bacon Act's requirement to pay fair wages to ensure that our  Nation's construction jobs can sustain workers and their families.  Commendably, Ms. Chao also emphasized her dedication to safety.   Maryland has a number of critical transportation priorities,  including the Port of Baltimore, the MARC commuter rail, and  increasingly congested highways like I-270 and I-81. We have also  worked closely with the Federal Transit Administration on safety  improvements to the Washington Metro, our Nation's subway, and have  pushed for the creation of the Purple Line. I look forward to working  with Secretary Chao to build a 21st century, multimodal transportation  system that works for all of my constituents in Maryland.   