 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this  subject to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I suspect I might be one of the few Members of Congress  whose first house was a manufactured house. Not only that, but I  represent a district where 50 percent of the homes are manufactured  housing.   I think that it is important that we kind of separate the two  discussions. If the CFPB were looking at the abuses and going after the  abusers that I have heard talked about from the other side, there might  not be a discussion today, but that is not what the CFPB did.   What the CFPB did is say that all balloon notes are bad. I can't find  any bank, from the East Coast to the West Coast, that will come into  New Mexico and lend $33,000 for a used mobile home and put it on a 30- year note. You can tear up a mobile home within days.   So balloon notes are simply made in order for people to come in and  check. They didn't use them to maybe put bad adjustments and higher  interest rates or anything. They just want to be able to look.   So they generally put these loans on a 5-year basis. At the end of 5  years, if everything is good, we continue to roll it. We don't start  from scratch. We don't charge you prejudicial interest.   But all balloon notes were made illegal by the CFPB. They were  declared to be prejudicial in their nature when they weren't.   Qualified mortgages were another way that they shut off the lending  for the manufactured housing in our district. Owner-seller financing  was another way.   What happens in New Mexico, somebody will buy a trailer house, a  manufactured home. They will live in it, pay for it, buy another one,  and over their lifetime accumulate 10 or 15. Then, when they retire,  they begin to sell one at a time.   If you sell more than one or two, the CFPB said: You are now a  broker-dealer, and we are not going to let you operate unless you  become licensed. So it shut off much of the access of just one seller  selling to another.   We brought the CFPB in. We brought Kelly Cochran, about 5 years ago,  to  [[Page H9580]]  walk through these and say: Please, we understand what you are trying  to do. No one wants to be protecting those who are violating consumer  rights, but just get it within its lane.   Kelly Cochran was there for almost an hour and admitted that she was  not aware of the many things brought up that were on-the-ground  problems. They never changed them. Mr. Cordray continued to assert that  he had solved all the problems, when he had never solved any of the  problems.   Most of the banks in New Mexico--and I live right on the Texas line-- in that region of Texas and New Mexico, just quit offering to finance  manufactured housing. That meant the people who needed it the most had  no access to credit.   We discussed these items in the open hearings many times with the  CFPB Director, Mr. Cordray, and it just seemed like they could never  get focused on those.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    This bill today is simply saying that we have people with  a need, and they have to be able to get access to loans to finance  houses to live in. It is the way I began. It is the way I want other  people in New Mexico to begin. Let's just restore order to the market.  That is what we are trying to do.   Mr. Speaker, I support the bill.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. David Scott), a senior member of the  Financial Services Committee.   Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to deal with two  things quickly in my 2 minutes. I want to deal with the CFPB's  directorship, but let me start with clarifying a few things.   First of all, manufactured housing is the cornerstone of affordable  housing in this country. Nobody argues that. Manufactured housing is in  every State in this Union. In my State of Georgia, it accounts for 12  percent of all the affordable housing units. In some States, it is even  higher than that.   I just simply want to clarify why I support the bill. It is because  of two things:   One, it is because of the devastating Federal regulations that are on  it for these hundreds of thousands and millions of customers. What it  is doing is making the American people unable to purchase manufactured  housing. I think we have to look at that.   It is also eroding the home values of existing owners of manufactured  housing.   Our bill simply moves to correct it by doing three things: we just  simply do some technical clarifications to the definition of ``mortgage  originator,'' ``loan originator,'' and ``high-cost mortgage.''   Let me just say this. I was an original sponsor of Dodd-Frank. What  we put in there, we made sure that mortgage protection and Dodd-Frank  is protected in here, including anybody steering anybody into any kind  of loans with predatory implications. So all that is in there.   This is a great debate. There are two sides to it. But when you look  at it, it is the millions of Americans who are suffering from the  inability to get the mobile homes, the inability to keep them, and all  we are doing is simply making these minor adjustments.    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman  an additional 30 seconds.   Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. I do want to clarify about the CFPB  Director, and I want the American people to listen to me.   In section 1011 of Dodd-Frank, paragraph 5, it states this: the  Deputy Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Board shall be  appointed by the Director and serve as acting Director in the absence  or unavailability of the Director.   We wrote this. This is the law. We must abide by it.   