 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague and  ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, Mr. Scott,  for yielding.   I stand here in opposition to this resolution, which looks to undo  rules that provide safety and fairness in the workplace.   The Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces rule speaks for itself. It ensures  that contractors entrusted with taxpayer dollars cannot exploit their  workers and that repeated lawbreakers do not get a competitive  advantage. This standard does not impose extra regulations on  contractors. It simply requires that they follow the law.   These laws make sure women are paid the same wages for the same work.  They make sure that employers are paying a fair rate for overtime work.  They protect employees with disabilities. And they protect workers who  are victims of sexual assault or sexual harassment by ensuring those  individuals have an opportunity to be heard.   A 2013 Senate report found that government contractors are often  among the worst violators of the workplace safety, wage, and hour laws.  Nearly one in three companies with the worst safety and wage violations  are Federal contractors. Americans working for Federal contractors lose  up to $2.5 billion each year to violations of minimum wage laws alone.  This is unacceptable and exactly why this order was executed--to  protect workers.   We have a duty to our constituents, and this rule rightfully asks the  Federal Government to take another look at contractors who have  violated labor laws before awarding a contract. By upholding this  order, we can continue to ensure that taxpayers get a fair deal for  their money, something my Republican colleagues certainly should be in  favor of.   Some Republicans will claim that this order creates a so-called  blacklist by preventing companies from receiving Federal contracts.  However, the opposite is true. The order, in fact, provides new tools  for contractors to come into compliance with the law. This order is in  the interest of the people and our constituents who we were sent here  to represent. Rolling back these protections would demonstrate that we  would rather side with employers who cut legal corners by not paying a  fair wage than with our constituents who work day in and day out to  provide for their families.   Not only will rescinding this rule hurt our constituents, but it  would also hurt law-abiding companies by forcing them into unfair  competition with companies that cut corners and knowingly violate the  law. As we look to invest in our country's infrastructure, I cannot  think of a more important time to ensure that employees working for  Federal contractors are treated fairly. This rule is an important  safeguard that protects employees, and its rollback will be a disgrace.   