 Mr. President, President Trump will be leaving on a  lengthy trip to Asia. He will be visiting Japan, the Republic of Korea,  China, the Philippines, and Vietnam. In each of those countries, we  expect that the No. 1 national security issue that will be talked about  is North Korea.   North Korea's dangerous activities are certainly putting not only the  region but the global community at risk. They have a nuclear weapons  capability. They currently have the ability to explode a nuclear  device. They are working on delivery systems that could very well reach  not just the region but the United States. They are violating  international commitments. They have done dozens of tests this year  alone, all in violation of those international commitments.   We have had a strong policy to try to isolate North Korea. The United  States has led in the imposition of sanctions. We introduced this year  and passed the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act.  It passed this body by a 98-to-2 vote. I notice the chairman of the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee is on the floor, and he was one of  the strong architects of that legislation. The United Nations Security  Council passed Resolutions Nos. 2270, 2321, and 2375. The President has  issued Executive Order No. 13810.   We have been asking for rigorous enforcement of sanctions. We could  do more. One of the points I hope the President will be talking about  during his trip is robust and rigorous enforcement of the sanctions  that are out there. And I see there is activity taking place in the  Banking Committee. We have legislation in the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee. If additional sanction authority is needed, let's do that.  That is important.   But what additional things can we do, and what should the President  be promoting as he visits Asia? First, let me give you a few  unacceptable alternatives.   We cannot lead with military intervention. The casualties could be  astronomical. The technology to develop nuclear weapons would still  remain. Our allies are certainly not in agreement with that policy.  There is no congressional authority for the use of force.   A second alternative that is not acceptable is to just continue the  current course. North Korea is developing a delivery system that will  threaten not just Japan and the Republic of Korea but also Guam and the  United States. We will see an arms race if we do not effectively stop  North Korea's nuclear program.   President Trump's statement, in my view, made the challenges even  more dramatic. His ``America first'' statements isolate America and  make it more difficult for us to get the type of support we need. I  think his reckless statements make it more likely rather than less  likely that we will use a military option.   What we need is a surge in diplomacy. A surge in diplomacy can very  well start with the meeting between President Xi of China and President  Trump of the United States. We have a  [[Page S6989]]  common agenda. Neither China nor the United States want to see a  nuclear North Korea. Both China and the United States recognize that  the Kim Jong Un regime in North Korea is unreliable. We are both  looking for an off-ramp so we don't need to use a military option.   China has the capacity to turn the pressure on North Korea through  sanctions that could change the equation in North Korea. China and  North Korea have a common agenda. Both want to preserve the regime of  Kim Jong Un--Kim Jong Un for obvious reasons; China, because they do  not want to see a unified Korean Peninsula under Western influence.   Our objective is for North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons.  China needs to be convinced that our objective is the same as theirs.  With that, they could instill greater pressure on North Korea, and  diplomacy could work.   What should be our objective? We have to be realistic. In the short  term, it should be containment. Freeze the current program. Stop the  testing. Make it clear that we cannot allow these programs to continue.  Ultimately, we want to see a nonnuclear Korean Peninsula.   We know that in the past--the 1994 framework agreement with North  Korea lasted for 8 years. So there is an ability to make progress, but  we have to develop confidence between the parties.   In conjunction with this, let me urge us not to lose sight of the  North Korean people. Let's continue our focus on the human rights  problems in the country. Let's work with our allies, particularly Japan  and the Republic of Korea, and let's rigorously enforce the sanctions  until progress is made.   We can achieve an alternative outcome in North Korea, but it requires  U.S. leadership, and President Trump needs to engage on that issue. We  need confidence building, and we need to make sure that we make  progress. Time is not on our side, but there is still time to make  progress. Without a diplomatic surge, there are only unacceptable  options. Our goal should be a more peaceful, stable, and prosperous  northeast Asia community.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all time has  expired.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Bibas  nomination?   