 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, the amendment is unnecessary  because it would exempt certain discrimination settlements from the  bill's ban on third-party payments. But nothing in the underlying bill  prevents a victim of discrimination from obtaining relief, and that is  the important point.   The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016 explicitly permits  remedial payments to third-party victims who are directly and  proximately harmed by the defendant's wrongdoing. Nor does the bill  preclude wider conduct remedies used in discrimination cases.   For example, nothing in the bill bars the Department of Justice from  requiring a defendant to implement workplace training and monitoring  programs. The ban on third-party payments merely ensures that the  defendant remains responsible for performing these tasks itself and is  not forced to outsource set sums for the work to third parties who  might be friendly with a given administration.   Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is unnecessary  because it would exempt settlements that direct funds to remedy  indirect harm resulting from violations of the Clean Air Act and other  violations. But that is precisely the problem.   How best to address indirect harm is a policy question that is  properly decided by the elected representatives of Congress only and  not by agency bureaucrats or prosecutors.   An example that highlights this is the $2.7 billion mitigation fund  that the Department of Justice required in its settlement of claims  against Volkswagen. That fund mitigated direct harm, which is permitted  under this bill.   The problem was that, through a second fund, the Obama Justice  Department required Volkswagen to spend an additional $2 billion on an  administration electric vehicle initiative after Congress twice refused  to appropriate funds for it. It is that subversion of Congress' power  of the purse that this bill is designed to target. Nothing in this bill  lets corporate polluters off the hook, and it is nonsense to say  otherwise.   If direct remediation of the harm is impossible or impractical, the  full penalty is still paid, but it goes to the Treasury. After that,  the decision on how best to use it is left to the people's elected  representatives in Congress rather than the executive branch.   Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island.    I have the script right here. Let me tell  you how I define them.   I don't know. Bureaucrats. You tell me.    Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time about the  brilliant amendment, it is, again, not necessary.   And in response to the question, the court does not always approve  every one of these; and that is the point.   The gist of this amendment and the purpose of the bill is to restore  and strengthen our Article I power under the Constitution. You may not  like the way Congress operates, you may not like all of the decisions  that are made here, but in their infinite wisdom, this is how the  Founders designed our system. It has worked very well, and it will  continue to do so. For that reason, I oppose the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, the amendment would exempt  settlements providing restitution to a State, the idea presumably being  that the State could then distribute money as it sees fit for  generalized harm to its citizens, but nothing in this bill prevents  Congress from making block grants to States to address generalized  harm. Indeed, Congress regularly appropriates money to States to deal  with challenges, including environmental cleanups. Examples of this  include the EPA Superfund and the Brownfields grants.   This bill merely insists that decisions on when such grants are  appropriate and in what amounts, that those decisions be made by  accountable representatives in Congress and not agency bureaucrats and  prosecutors.   Compensating direct victims is a job for the Justice Department.  Broader projects are a policy question that should be decided by  Congress.  [[Page H8122]]    Mr. Chair, accordingly, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I would just respond to my  learned colleague by quoting a renowned liberal legal scholar, the late  Abner Mikva, who explained in a law review article back in 1986, that  even if it were less efficient to go through Congress, that would be no  reason to cede the point of principle. This is what he wrote:   ``To ensure that Congress would act as the first branch of  government, the constitutional Framers gave the legislature virtually  exclusive power to control the Nation's purse strings. . . . They knew  that the power of the purse was the most far-reaching and effectual of  all governmental powers. . . . Doubtless they understood that a  collection of diverse individuals representing diverse interests . . .  would less efficiently and less coherently devise fiscal policy than  would a single `treasurer' or `fiscal czar.' Yet they chose, for good  reason, to suffer this cost and bear its risks.''   That is from a liberal legal scholar, and, of course, conservatives  agree.   The system that the Founders set up, the reason and purpose for  Article I, is to allow these major decisions to be made by the elected  Representatives of Congress, and, for that reason, we oppose the  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment would exempt  settlements resolving allegations of predatory or fraudulent conduct  involving residential mortgage-backed securities, as we have heard.  Ironically, it creates an exception in the very situation in which the  abuses we highlighted earlier arose.   The key point here is that nothing in the underlying bill prevents  direct victims of mortgage fraud from obtaining relief.   The concern of this amendment is that there may be cases of  generalized harm to communities that cannot be addressed by  restitution, but this misses the fundamental point.   The Department of Justice has authority to obtain redress for  victims. Federal law defines victims to be those ``directly and  proximately harmed'' by the defendant's acts.   Once those victims have been compensated, deciding whether additional  moneys, other than for penalties, should be allocated to address  related problems becomes a policy question properly decided by elected  representatives in Congress and not agency bureaucrats or prosecutors.   Indeed, Congress already funds homeowner assistance programs through  the annual appropriations process, balancing it against competing  priorities.    As we have repeated throughout this debate, the spending power is one  of Congress' most effective tools in reining in the executive branch.  This is true, by the way, no matter which party is in the White House.   This amendment would weaken that essential congressional power, and,  for that reason, we urge Members to oppose it on institutional grounds.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would just respond by  saying that those compelling policy arguments should be made  appropriately in this Chamber, and it is the elected representatives of  the people in this Chamber who can make those fateful decisions. There  may be good arguments. There may be things that we need to do, but the  point is that we are the persons who have the constitutional authority  to make those decisions, not bureaucrats, not prosecutors.   Mr. Chair, for these reasons, I oppose the amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment undercuts  Congress' power. It is another attempt to do so, and it should be  opposed for that reason.   It would exempt settlements that direct funds to remedy indirect harm  resulting from lead in drinking water. It is a terrible problem. The  amendment is forced to focus on indirect harm because nothing in the  bill prevents remediation of direct harm.   But settlement provisions addressing indirect harm are precisely why  this bill is needed. The bill's guiding principle is that once direct  victims have been compensated, deciding the best use of additional  funds to address related problems--whether that is addressing indirect  harms or otherwise--is, again, a policy question properly decided by  elected representatives in Congress and not agency bureaucrats or  prosecutors.   We have proven the point. Last year, Congress actually acted on this.  Congress appropriated $120 million to address drinking water problems  in Flint, Michigan. If there is further need, Congress can make  additional appropriations. The Department of Justice should not be  permitted to augment those funding decisions entirely outside of the  congressional appropriations and oversight processes because they are  important to protect and preserve.   Again, the spending power is one of Congress' most effective tools in  reining in the executive branch, and we cannot afford to weaken that  essential congressional power.   Mr. Chair, for these reasons, I urge all Members to oppose this  amendment on institutional grounds, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I would just respond by  saying that no tragedy, however sad and however large, justifies us  deviating from our Constitution, from the way the Founders set up this  system and the way that this body operates. There is a reason that  these responsibilities were given to us as Members of Congress. Each of  us has the same challenge. When there is a tragedy or a mishap or a  natural disaster or anything that affects our districts, our job is to  come here and convince a sufficient number of our colleagues to support  those appropriations to handle those measures. The system is designed  with safeguards in place. It is designed so that the interests of the  entire Nation can be represented here in this Chamber. For that reason,  this amendment would bypass that. It would bypass the design. It would  bypass article I, and it would create a whole different way of  governing. We simply can't allow that.   Mr. Chair, this is about preserving the original intent of the  Constitution, preserving the power of this body. For that reason, I  oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   