 Mr. President, in Denver today, the Colorado General  Assembly will gather to pay tribute to Colorado State University  professor John Straayer, whose 50-year teaching career included 37  years of managing a legislative intern program during the spring  semester. Every Tuesday and Thursday, rain or snow, Dr. Straayer, a van  or two, and an over caffeinated, sleep-deprived, ambitious crew of  college juniors and seniors would travel to Denver from Fort Collins  under the tutelage of Dr. Straayer to learn the ``art of legislation.''   After publishing several seminal books on Colorado politics,  accumulating roughly 140,000 miles back and forth to the State capitol,  and supervising over 1,000 interns over the years, he is retiring from  his service as Colorado's legislative professor emeritus.   Dr. Straayer has a true love of politics--the process, the policy,  the people, and the place. He has a passion for every ounce of it, the  kind of healthy obsession with a place that means so much to the lives  of its citizens. He has seen it all--the good and the bad, the fights  and the endearing moments. He watched the impacts of constitutional  battles, term limits, and reforms, and 50 years later, he has never  lost his passion.   To be a part of his intern program, students were required to take  his class on the legislative process. As a young CSU Ram myself, I  remember his class vividly, absorbing his drive and drawn into the  intrigue of policy. We talked about the cowboy coalition and the  Sagebrush Rebellion; about Speaker Bev Bledsoe and Roy Romer; about  Anne Burford, who served in the legislature as one of the self- identified ``House Crazies,'' who in the 1980s became known as Ronald  Reagan's EPA Administrator but who this past month became known as Neil  Gorsuch's mom. We talked about the high-water mark of rural power and  the rise of the suburban legislator.   Dr. Straayer introduced new generations of students to oatmeal with  vanilla ice cream and topped with maple syrup.   Dr. Straayer introduced people to public service, including  congressional and legislative staffers and many members of my own  staff. According to a recent article in the Denver Post, those staffers  and interns included former Democratic Governor Bill Ritter, Democratic  State Senator Matt Jones, and Republican State Representative Dan  Nordberg. They were all proteges of Dr. Straayer's. The article goes on  to state that Straayer had arranged these internships, monitored them,  and graded the reports of their experiences. Dozens of Straayer interns  have risen to high electoral office or become key legislative  lobbyists--and not just in Colorado; one of his former students is a  city alderman in Chicago.   I remember visiting Dr. Straayer when I first joined the program and  was getting ready to be assigned to a legislator. When I received the  assignment, I was disappointed to learn that I hadn't been appointed to  the legislator I was hoping to be assigned to. Instead, I was assigned  to a legislator from the Western Slope of Colorado. I am from the  Eastern Plains, and I wasn't used to the Western Slope issues. Soon I  would discover that Dr. Straayer had placed me with an incredible  legislator named Russell George, who went on to become Colorado's  speaker of the house--an individual who Dr. Straayer knew would be an  incredible tutor and an inspiration to me. Dr. Straayer was right.  Speaker George taught me about issues I work on each and every day here  in the U.S. Senate--about public lands, water, and the West. He was and  is an inspiration to me, and it is because Dr. Straayer had the  discernment to go above and beyond for his students.   After graduation, Dr. Straayer invited me to speak to his class and  later would tease me in the State legislature that perhaps I talked too  much from the well. He provided me interns from the very same program I  was a part of 10 years before. Most of all, he reminded me of the good  that comes from our teachers and mentors, those who look out for us  because, from a special place in their heart, they know that through  the gift of their teaching, they will have a lasting impact for  generations to come.   Congratulations, Dr. Straayer. Thank you for your service to Colorado  State University and to the State of Colorado, and thank you for  impacting the lives of so many people. From this U.S. Senator, thanks  for being that life-changing spark.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Rhode Island.   