 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the Progressive  Caucus' budget.   In his farewell address, President Eisenhower said: ``We cannot  mortgage the material assets of our grandchildren without asking the  loss also of their political and spiritual heritage. We want democracy  to survive for all generations to come, not to become the insolvent  phantom of tomorrow.''   Instead of trying to put America on a sustainable financial path, the  progressive budget seeks to mortgage even more of our grandchildren's  and great grandchildren's future, frankly, by spending over $57  trillion over the next 10 years. With the national debt surpassing $20  trillion just last month, now is the time to rein in reckless  government spending, not explode it.   In addition to these spending increases, the Progressive Caucus is  proposing nearly $9 trillion in tax increases over the next decade.  These enormous tax increases do not come close to covering the cost of  the irresponsible policies proposed. I want to repeat that. Enormous  tax increases that don't come close to covering the cost of what they  have proposed.   As a result, the Progressive Caucus' budget raises the debt to over  $27 trillion by 2027. In fact, by fiscal year 2027, our deficits would  be near $1 trillion.   Higher taxes and higher spending would stifle the American economy  and put our debt on an expedited upward trajectory. It is time for us  to make tough decisions when it comes to this country's budget. The  decision to oppose the Progressive Caucus budget is not one of those  tough decisions.   This budget also makes no effort to curb waste, fraud, and abuse.  Instead, it would expand bureaucratic programs by trillions of dollars  without proposing any oversight measures. For example, it would spend  $41 billion on ``free college'' promises, and $1 trillion on childcare  and universal pre-K.   Mr. Chairman, it reminds me of the shovel-ready programs that were  part of the Obama package just a few years ago. We all had this  expectation that this money would go to rebuild our infrastructure, and  it turns out just a little over 3 percent of that money actually made  it to infrastructure projects; somewhere in the range of $30 billion  out of over $800 billion.   That is what I see in the progressive budget. It continues the failed  ObamaCare experiment, and even goes so far as to allow States to  experiment with socialized medicine.   It continues to encourage able-bodied adults without children not to  seek work by providing them a government paycheck.  [[Page H7824]]     It increases the pressure on Americans' pocketbooks by  increasing the price at the pump and, really, at every level.   It proposes Washington-centric solutions to problems that the States  are better equipped to determine, such as the whole college issue. And  it spends $500 billion on green energy and imposes a carbon tax.   Mr. Chairman, we have a moral responsibility to spend taxpayer  dollars wisely, and the Progressive Caucus fails to do this in its  budget. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment.   