 Madam President, I don't often come to the floor of the  Senate to give a speech like the one I am going to give now, but today  I plan to start sounding the alarm, both from the standpoint of the  process and the substance of what is known about the Republican tax  plan as of this afternoon.  [[Page S6837]]    This morning, the House passed the budget so now it is on to tax. The  debate, if the Republicans have their way, will happen at the speed of  light. If they have their way, this all could be wrapped up before most  Americans have even been able to put a dent in their holiday shopping.    That is exactly what the majority of Republicans is counting on. The  Republicans are rushing to drive the tax giveaway to the superwealthy  and the powerful corporations and to do it so quickly that most of  America will really have no idea what will be going on. Their hope is  simple--to do it in a way so that nobody catches on. So this afternoon,  as the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, I am going to look at  this from a few different angles--first, as to the process and, then,  as to the policy that is on offer from the Republicans as of right now.   Right off the top, I am sure that Senators have heard that, here in  the Senate and Congress, there is going to be a real debate that is  going to play out in a careful and deliberate way and that there is  going to be plenty of give and take. As of right now, my message to the  American people is this: You have been fooled. Don't buy that. Here is  what is going to happen. Anybody who expects a repeat of the kind of  bipartisan, deliberate process that took place in 1986, when the  Democrats and Ronald Reagan got together, is in line for some very  disappointing times.   Our former colleague Senator Bradley, who served on the Finance  Committee with such distinction and was a key author of the 1986 reform  bill, called a couple of days ago, and I explained to him what was  going on. He was just incredulous. He could not believe that this was  going to be the process--that it would all be over in a matter of weeks  and that it would not even be like healthcare, with the debate moving  in fits and starts and stretching out over months.   If Republicans have their way, as my family used to say, this is  going to be over lickety-split, and it is coming up quickly. The House  plans to offer up a bill in about a week, and the Ways and Means  Committee is going to jump into action. The Senate bill could come out  in a matter of days later, and then it would be the Finance Committee's  turn.   As most people in the Senate know, there is a normal process for  these debates in committee. You usually put out draft legislation. You  refine your ideas. You update your work. You share with both sides of  the aisle the ideas that would make sense--those that get both sides to  say: Hey, bipartisanship is about taking each other's good ideas, and  politics is about taking each other's bad ideas. In this case, it is  not about trying to make any bipartisan efforts at all. The normal  process involves exercising a little patience, giving the officials at  the Joint Committee on Taxation and in the Congressional Budget Office  time to really make sense of what the numbers mean.   This is not Washington lingo. What do the numbers mean for middle- class people--the folks who are really hurting now, who are walking on  an economic tightrope in trying to pay bills? We ought to make sure  that people who are knowledgeable about this have the time to really  look at the numbers and give us some general sense of what this means,  particularly for America's hard-working middle class. Yet for this  partisan tax cut and a process that will be hyperpartisan--it is  designed to be an off-ramp to partisanship only--the Republicans are  just blowing right by those steps that constitute the normal process  that I have described.   The Congress is headed for a debate on legislation that has the  potential to reshape our entire economy at a crucial time when we  understand the challenge from global competition and change, but the  Republicans, as of now, are not going to wait to see the facts and  figures, never mind that the bill is going to affect every taxpayer in  the country in one way or another. The Republicans have said that we  are going to do some leaping without looking. They may not even have  legislative hearings to examine the Republican tax cut bill and what  the impact of it could be, which was what Senator Bradley was just  stunned about because he and others worked for months with the Reagan  administration in trying to do what was normal and, as of now, is not  going the happen.   What is even more ominous is that, if the bill clears the Finance  Committee, the debate on the Senate floor will happen in a flash. That  is because, since day one of this administration, the Republicans have  said--and Leader McConnell has said this repeatedly--that they want to  use the most partisan process around to move the tax cut. It is another  round of what is called budget reconciliation.   What this comes down to is a rejection of the kind of bipartisanship  that has been proven to work on tax reform. Ronald Reagan worked hand  in hand with Democrats on tax reform in 1986. The two sides brought  forward their best ideas. They worked for months and months and, as  Senator Bradley told me, for several years. There were dozens of  hearings that dug into the specifics and carefully examined the  issues. After the bill came out, the committee met over 18 days to  debate and vote on the amendments. There was committee consideration-- what is called a markup--that lasted a total of more than 45 hours.  Then the bill came to the floor of the Senate, and, as is fitting for a  piece of legislation that can reshape the whole American economy, the  debate took almost a month. That is the textbook of how you  successfully write bipartisan tax reform legislation. By the way, that  is the model by which our former colleague Dan Coats--now a member of  the Trump administration--worked with me to produce a bipartisan  Federal income tax reform bill.    Yet we are not going to see any of that kind of work this time  around. The road that the majority is taking us down in 2017 makes a  mockery out of the bipartisan process that brought Ronald Reagan and  the Democrats together. As of now, there will be 20 hours of debate--20  hours. That is it--on a bill that will transform the bottom line for  every American family and will affect the hopes and aspirations of our  middle class, which will drive 70 percent of the economic activity in  our country for years and years. Then the debate will be over, and it  will be time to vote.   What I am going to try to do here--and we will be talking often in  the days ahead--is to lay out what this really means for hard-working  middle-class people, because, so far, what we have seen is kind of one  hand giveth and the other hand taketh away. The details for the top of  the top, the megawealthy, are spelled out, but we do not see exactly  how the middle class is not going to go into the hole. As of now, the  numbers suggest, particularly if you have a couple of children and are  in a place with high State and local taxes, that you really could fall  behind. If we do not spell out what is actually at stake here and give  the American people the opportunity to tune in and be heard, this  process is just going to race by before anybody notices, and that is  what the Republicans are counting on.   The bottom line is that, when the middle class and the American  people find out what is in the Republican tax plan as it is known  today, the less they are going to like it. There have been sort of two  versions of it. The first came out, I believe it was, late in the  spring. It was a page long--shorter than the typical drug store  receipt. We got a bit more information a few weeks ago, but in both  instances, as I have described, it looks like the middle class is going  to get hurt, and folks who are successful and those who are at the top  of the top are, basically, going to get even more.   We want all Americans to be successful. We want to give everybody the  chance to get ahead, but we do not want tax breaks skewed to the very  top. As of right now, the Republican tax plan is a feast for the very  wealthy, and the middle class is on the menu. Even the President's top  campaign adviser on taxes said that the Republicans have made $4  trillion worth of promises in this tax proposal, perhaps even more, but  because of budget rules, that pricetag has to come down to $1.5  trillion for the bill to get through the Senate. That means that  somebody has to pay for a whole lot of that $4 trillion of corporate  goodies and handouts to the wealthy.   The Republicans seem almost allergic to raising revenue by asking  those at the top to pay their fair share. Every proposal that the  Republicans have put forward to pay for this tax giveaway to the top  has reached right into the pockets of the middle class. Take the  elimination of the State and  [[Page S6838]]  local deduction. It will cause pain for millions of Americans across  the country, not just in the West--in places like California and  Oregon--and the Northeast but for those in scarlet red areas who voted  for the President on election day--places like North Carolina, Georgia,  Wisconsin, and Texas. Then there is the plan to double the standard  deduction while simultaneously getting rid of personal and dependent  exemptions.   When you cut out all of the tax lingo--as I have said, one hand  giveth and the other hand taketh away--what it means, based on the  information that is out now, is that a family of six in Medford, OR,  could see its taxes increase by thousands of dollars per year. That is  a holiday surprise. My guess is that people are going to say that it is  the nightmare before Christmas if this plan becomes law.   Even more middle-class Americans who checked on the news over the  last few days probably had the wind knocked out of them when they read  that their 401(k)s may be on the ropes under the Republican plan. A few  days ago, the President said: No, do not touch the 401(k). But it seems  to me like Republicans just cannot help themselves. When the President  was asked about it again, the new Trump position was that middle-class  retirements are a bargaining chip to get this lopsided tax handout  through the Congress.    Let me repeat that last part. The President of the United States said  that middle-class retirements are a bargaining chip in this crusade to  cut taxes for the most fortunate. Nothing illustrates more clearly how  this process has gone horribly wrong, and I want to make clear to the  American people to watch the details. Watch the details because every  time a new detail leaks out, the middle class loses.   So my bottom line, colleagues, is real tax reform ought to be about  putting more dollars back in middle-class pockets, but right now the  majority is taking a different tack. It amounts to a hunt for ways to  force the middle class to pay for the tax breaks for those at the top.   This scheme will explode the deficit. It is a con job on the middle  class. It is failed economic policy, but it could rocket in the  Congress in the weeks ahead before the American people catch on.   So my counsel is, everybody ought to strap in and get ready for what  is coming. Every step of the way in the Finance Committee and here on  the floor, I will continue working with my Democratic colleagues to  fight for middle-class priorities and tax reform, and I hope we will  have some from the other side of the aisle join us. We intend to keep  sounding the alarm on a Republican plan that as of now gives trillions  of dollars of handouts to those at the top while hiking taxes on  millions of middle-class families.   Now that the House has passed its budget, this is kicking off the  debate, and the idea that we would have a bunch of fake promises to the  middle class, very specific gifts to folks at the top, and somehow  unicorn theories of growth that will justify this, while really  creating deficits that hurt Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and  our safety net--those are the issues the American people deserve to  know more about. We are going to tell them a lot more about the details  in the days ahead because we believe in tax reform that puts the  middle-class first, doesn't give gifts to the people in the very top 1  percent, doesn't clobber Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid, and,  as Bill Bradley said earlier this week in a conversation with me, is  based on the kind of bipartisanship that a hugely important issue like  tax reform warrants.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.   