 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we have chaos in Venezuela. It is a  protracted crisis in Venezuela, which took yet another turn for the  worse yesterday.   Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro pushed ahead with a vote to form  a constitutional assembly despite the vehement opposition of the  Venezuelan people and overwhelming international criticism. It became a  sham vote. Only about 10 percent of the population voted. The  opposition stayed home. Plain and simple, the vote was illegal, and it  was rigged. Once again, on the streets and at the ballot box, the  Venezuelan people have made themselves heard loud and clear. Two weeks  ago, more than 7 million Venezuelans voted against even holding this  vote, and, yesterday, millions of people stayed home.   Maduro wants to rewrite Venezuela's Constitution so that he can cling  to power, and yesterday's vote was only the latest attempt to  undermine, if not to completely undo, Venezuela's democracy. He  continues to crack down on protesters, killing more than 100 and  injuring and arresting thousands more. His thugs have raided homes and  terrorized the opposition's families. He has tried to strip the  National Assembly of its powers, undercut the Attorney General, and he  has co-opted the courts. His thugs attacked the National Assembly and  injured opposition lawmakers. He blocked a lawful referendum to recall  his election.   His cronies steal the country's money and enrich themselves. All the  while, the Venezuelan people suffer. The people go hungry; children are  malnourished; there are no staple products--no medicines, no medical  supplies for the people. Of course, you know who gets the food and the  medical treatment. It is the privileged few--the Maduro ones whom he  protects. This is Venezuela's tragic reality.   Maduro has made himself a dictator, and he and his cronies are bent  on turning Venezuela's once vibrant democracy and once vibrant economy  into a Cuban-style regime. Nevertheless, the Venezuelan people, in the  face of violence, oppression, and deprivation, continue to fight for  their democracy--for the little bit of freedom they have left. They are  doing everything they can--at great risk to themselves and their  families--to save their democracy and, thus, to save their country. The  task just got a lot harder.   The issue before us is what we can do to support them since Maduro  has now installed himself with this fake referendum on the National  Assembly. What can we do to keep Maduro from being the dictator he is?   What we need to do is to condemn the National Assembly as the sham  that it is. It also means the United States increasing the pressure on  the Maduro regime. I just spoke this afternoon with the Treasury  Department. The United States announced a little earlier this afternoon  that it has frozen Maduro's assets. I expect at least two other  countries to follow suit--and probably more after they do. This is an  important step, and I hope that it is the first in what will be the  strongest possible economic sanctions to stop Maduro. It is time that  we consider cutting the imports of Venezuela's oil also.   What have we done thus far?   There was already a group of Maduro's cronies--some in the private  sector, some in the government--on whom the sanctions have been  slapped. You ask: What does that do? What good does that do? Listen,  all of these cronies of Maduro's love to come to Miami. They love to  have offshore bank accounts and all kinds of assets stashed overseas-- if not in the United States, perhaps in some of those other countries  that are going to follow suit. We should do that with his cronies.   What we have done today with the announcement by the Treasury  Department is to freeze Nicholas Maduro's assets, and if other  countries will follow suit, they are going to freeze his assets as  well.   Maybe we should take the next step. The next step is that Venezuela  exports a lot of its oil to the United States. It is such a heavy,  dirty crude that a good part of that has to go to the refineries in the  United States because those refineries are the ones that are capable of  refining that heavy, dirty crude. Maybe we just ought to stop our  imports of Venezuela's oil and absorb that percentage of loss of oil  that is coming into the United States from Venezuela as, clearly, on  the world marketplace, oil is fungible. Maybe that is what we ought to  do because we are now dealing with a Cuban-style dictator who is the  head of Venezuela.   I think, in going forward, that the United States must insist on the  release of all political prisoners and the rule of law and that  Venezuela has to go back to when it was a thriving democracy. That was  back when they respected human rights and the people had some freedoms.  As the United States, we ought to help rally the nations of the  Organization of American States and rally the support of the world to  bring about a meaningful end to this crisis because it is just going to  get worse and worse.   The violence that you have seen on the TV yesterday and today is  going to continue. As you continue to squeeze the people, to starve  them, to take away all semblance of human decency, what do you think  they are going to do? They are going to revolt, and the violence is not  going to stop.   There is a role for Congress, and there is an opportunity for the  Congress to lead. The President's budget eliminated the funding for  democracy programs in Venezuela that supported the old National  Assembly and civil society and those same democracy programs that  promoted human rights and the encouraging of an independent media.   Recently I wrote to the Senate Appropriations Committee, along with a  number of other Senators, urging that the committee continue that  funding for those democracy programs in Venezuela. In May, this Senator  joined Senators Cardin and Rubio and seven others in introducing the  Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance  Act. That bill addresses the many aspects of the crisis in Venezuela.   It codified targeted sanctions on regime officials--something we are  now implementing--and thank goodness for this announcement today by the  administration. I give them kudos for that. That act would authorize  badly needed humanitarian assistance. It would back OAS efforts to  bring about an end to the crisis, and it funds election observation  organizations and  [[Page S4612]]  groups working to defend democracy in Venezuela.   These are bipartisan efforts, and I urge our colleagues to support  them, and I urge that we bring them up as soon as possible. The  situation is terrible in the country, and the situation in that chaos,  especially what we have seen in Caracas, is going to get worse. Time is  of the essence.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   