 Madam President, first I want to thank Senator Markey for  his comments. I share his concerns. I agree with what he has said about  the risk factors of the bill that was announced this morning by the  Republican leader and what it could do to millions of people around  this country and what it will do to coverage for hundreds of thousands  of people in my State of Maryland who will lose coverage and just about  every Marylander whose healthcare will be impacted if this bill were to  become law.   I want to start by saying that I think this is a shameful moment for  the Senate--the Senate, whose traditions have made it be known as the  most deliberative body in the world; the Senate, which has been known  as a body that  [[Page S3705]]  allows for robust debate and benefits from the views of all 100  Members, where each of us has opportunities to get our voices heard.  That tradition has been badly damaged by what the majority leader has  done in bringing a bill that affects one-sixth of the economy of our  country to the floor of the Senate without the deliberation by our  committees and without transparency to the American people.   When I got to the Senate, I worked hard to get on the Senate Finance  Committee. I did that because the jurisdiction of the Senate Finance  Committee contains areas that I have devoted a good part of my public  career to, including issues of taxation and issues concerning social  programs in our State. But it also included healthcare, an area that I  worked on when I was first in the Maryland State legislature. I wanted  to be on the committee that had a role in developing the health policy  of this Nation. I thought I could add to that debate with my  experience, and I wanted to make sure that the people of Maryland had a  voice as we developed healthcare policy in America.   That role is being denied by what the Republican leader is doing in  bringing this bill to the floor without the benefit of hearings. Let me  just repeat that. There has not been one hearing held on the  legislation being brought forward by the majority leader. There hasn't  been one committee markup of the bill.   Now, let me explain to the general public what a markup is. It is  when the committees that have expertise on a bill--in this case, it  would be the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee  and the Senate Finance Committee--have had a chance to bring the public  in to get their views on the legislation, have had the committee staff  go through it and explain all of the aspects to the members of the  committee, with an opportunity for us to offer amendments to improve  the bill, and then, ultimately, taking a vote on the recommendation to  the full Senate. That is the regular order, but it is particularly the  regular order on complex pieces of legislation.   I don't think there is a Member of this body who would say that this  is not a complex field when we are dealing with healthcare--one-sixth  of our economy. But the process that was used denied the people of  Maryland and the people of this Nation the opportunity to have their  voices heard through their elected representatives. It is a shameful  moment.   Now, I know this has been done before on the floor, but I will just  repeat it one more time. Compare this to how the Affordable Care Act  was passed by the Senate. We had transparency, opportunities for the  public to have input. We had hearings--many, many hearings that took  place. My staff tells me there were 50 hearings or roundtable  discussions or walk-throughs. We had 26 consecutive days of Senate  debate. There were hundreds of amendments offered by both Democrats and  Republicans that were adopted on the bill before the bill reached the  floor of the Senate. That all took place before we started the debate  on the bill.   You cannot justify this process. This is an abuse by the majority,  and it will affect the functioning of the Senate.   There are concerns about what this bill will do. The process is  terrible. The impact on the Senate is terrible. But the real tragedy  here is the impact, if this bill were to become law, it would have on  healthcare in America.   So let me talk a little bit about my State of Maryland. It has been  projected under this bill that those who will not have insurance  coverage will go back basically to what it was prior to the passage of  the Affordable Care Act; that is, a little over 400,000 Marylanders are  at risk of losing basic health coverage. Now, it is going to affect  everyone with insurance in Maryland, and I will get to that in a  moment. But as many as 400,000 people are in jeopardy of losing their  insurance because of what is done with regard to the alliances and the  Medicaid Program itself. Many more will lose quality coverage.   Senator Markey talked about preexisting conditions. You claim that  there is protection for preexisting conditions, but it does not  guarantee that the services will be provided because the States are  given tremendous discretion as to what would be required as essential  benefits within the healthcare plans. So if someone has a mental  illness or someone has a drug addiction, is there a guaranteed coverage  that that person would be able to get services? If that person has a  preexisting condition, it may very well not be covered because of the  absence of essential health benefits.   Let me just give you another example of what could happen under this  bill, and this is a real example on gender discrimination. Obstetrics  coverage is critical for a childbearing woman. Now, if that becomes an  optional coverage because of the State plans and discretion that it is  given, obviously only those women who are planning to have children  will take that coverage. Why would someone who doesn't need that  coverage take the coverage? What are the consequences of allowing that  type of choice? It is very clear.    Younger women are going to pay a lot more for their health insurance  than they otherwise would. Is that fair? I think not. I think not. That  is the consequence of the type of changes that are being made in the  Affordable Care Act.   I was very instrumental in making sure that we had full coverage for  pediatric dental. Why? Well, unfortunately, in my State in 2007--the  year I first started in the Senate--we had a youngster, Deamonte  Driver, who lived not far from here, who died because of an untreated  tooth decay. It became abscessed and went into his brain. He had to go  through a couple of surgeries, and he lost his life. What was needed  was $80 of dental care. He couldn't get access to it because there was  no coverage for it. He had no access to that care. He lost his life  and, of course, the healthcare system had to pay a lot of money when it  only needed to spend $80 to keep him healthy.   Well, we took care of that and fixed that with the essential benefits  now, including pediatric dental. Is that protected under the Republican  bill? The answer is unclear--probably not. It is up to the States. It  may be different in one State versus another. We don't have the  protection.   Then we get to the affordability issue for Marylanders to be able to  afford to have health insurance. Under this bill, there will be  discrimination on those that are older. They are going to have to pay  more for their health insurance. Is that right? No, it is not right. I  heard the majority leader this morning give examples of how the  Affordable Care Act is in danger, and he cited high premium increases.  One of the States he quoted was the State of Maryland, and it was very  misleading the way he did that. He was talking about the individual  marketplace, and he was talking about one segment of that. What he  didn't tell you is that CareFirst, the insurance company that is  proposing that rate increase, indicated that at least half of that  increase is the result of action taken by the Trump administration,  because the Trump administration has not made it clear whether they  will fund the cost-sharing provisions, which keep the costs down and  affordable in the individual marketplace. That is a self-inflicted  increase in premiums by the Trump administration.   There is a second issue that CareFirst mentioned, and that is the  President's insistence on not enforcing the individual mandate, and, by  the way, that is in the Republican bill. It means that younger,  healthier people will choose not to have health insurance. Now, if they  happen to ride a motorcycle and wrap themselves around a tree and get  flown to the Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore and we are going to treat  him, guess who is going to pay the bill? All of us are going to pay the  bill through uncompensated care. It is going to raise my insurance  policy and everybody's insurance policy. That person should have had  insurance, but that person thought he or she didn't need that  insurance. So they didn't take out the policy.   You find that those who will take out the insurance policies are the  higher risks because they know they need the insurance. So those with  high-risk issues will be in the pool raising the costs and that is why  CareFirst has a higher ask, because they know it is less likely that  healthier people will be in the pool than projected under the original  Affordable Care Act. Why? Because of President Trump.   So when the leader says that the Affordable Care Act is falling  apart, the  [[Page S3706]]  Affordable Care Act is strong, but it has been made vulnerable by the  actions of the Trump administration, and the provisions in this bill  will make it even weaker.   Now, 1.2 million Marylanders are in our Maryland Medical Assistance  Program, or Medicaid Program. Many of these people are working  families. Many of these people are our seniors who need long-term care  and are in the Medicaid Program because it pays for their long-term  care expenses. Many of these people are veterans or returning warriors  who are under the Medicaid Program.   Under the Republican-released bill, they may make it a gentler slope  before we get to the full impact of the Medicaid reductions, but the  Medicaid reductions, if I understand correctly, are even more severe  than under the House-passed bill.   Now, I could speak for Maryland. I know our legislature. Our  legislature is going to try to do what is right, but they have limited  resources in order to try to meet the needs that are out there. It is  just not right to say that we are passing these problems on to the  States when the States don't have the fiscal capacity to deal with  them. Who gets hurt? The 1.2 million Marylanders who rely upon the  Medicaid Program and all Marylanders who don't want to see what we call  cost shifting, when someone who doesn't have health insurance ends up  in our emergency room and doesn't pay the bill and everyone else pays  those bills.   So why are we doing this? What is the reason we have gone through  this pain? I have heard my colleagues talk about it, and it is  absolutely true. The Republicans need to make room for the tax cut.  They are pretty clear about it. Close to $1 trillion in tax cuts is  what they need to do. Who benefits from tax cuts? The wealthy, those  who have access to healthcare. Who pays for the tax cuts? Those who are  the most vulnerable in our community. That is just wrong.   My staff has put together a lot of individual letters that have been  sent to us. I don't even need to go through them. I can tell the  Presiding Officer just the experiences I have had walking on the  streets to Baltimore or, quite frankly, walking anywhere, including  here in Washington.   When people come up to me and say: Senator Cardin, keep up the fight.  Do you know what is going to happen if that healthcare bill becomes  law? We have done some tests and we have certain genes, we are in a  high-risk pool for cancer. We are not going to be able to get coverage  if you let insurance companies go back to the practices they had before  the passage of the Affordable Care Act.   People say that if they didn't have the insurance they now think they  are going to lose, they would have to go through personal bankruptcy.  That is not a hypothetical. Before the passage of the Affordable Care  Act, unpaid medical bills was the leading cause of bankruptcy. Are we  going to go back to those days?   I talked to a parent who has a child with a disability--and to think  what the cost of that child is going to be in the healthcare system.  They don't possibly have the means to be able to afford that if they  didn't have access to healthcare coverage without discrimination. You  leave these discretions to how the insurance companies will respond  with their businesses, they are going to figure out a way so a family  who has a disabled child will not have adequate coverage. That is what  is at risk. Senator Markey is right--healthcare should be a right, not  a privilege, and we are moving in the wrong direction.   In Maryland, we have hospitals that are located throughout our State  to meet the needs of the people of Maryland. We have hospitals that are  located in areas where they have a lot of elderly and a lot of poor  people, but because of the way we deal with our hospital  reimbursements, we don't have cost shifting. We can have what is known  as an all-payer rate, where whoever goes into the hospital, they pay  the same rate so a hospital can locate in an inner city or poorer  neighborhood. If you increase the cost sharing for people who don't  have insurance, hospital facilities will not locate in those  communities, adding to the costs of everyone's healthcare.   One of the great benefits, one of the great achievements of the  Affordable Care Act, is that we now have facilities that are more  conveniently located to people in this country, whether they live in a  rural area or urban setting. Some are healthcare centers and some are  health clinics, but they are more conveniently located because more  people have third-party coverage and have insurance in order to pay  those bills.   So I read with interest that certain segments of the advocacy  community are going to be given certain concessions in this bill, and  they think they are going to be OK. One is, I understand--and I am not  sure what this term means, and maybe someone can explain it to me-- medically complex children. These are children, I assume, who have  special needs.   If I understand the bill correctly, there is going to be a carve-out  in the Medicaid system so that these complex cases will be, at least  for a period of time, reimbursed. Where are they going to get care?   Right now they are getting care, in many cases, in a school-based  health clinic that is going to be closed under the Republican bill that  is out here because it is not qualified to receive reimbursement. The  expansion of our qualified health centers under the Affordable Care Act  is going to be in deep jeopardy. I met with the CEOs of our qualified  health centers where we have expanded to deal with pediatric care,  dental care, and mental health. That is in jeopardy of being contracted  if you don't have the reimbursements from the people who live in that  community that we have under the Medicaid expansion. That is in  jeopardy. So don't believe you are protecting any vulnerable population  when you don't provide the structure in which you can have reasonable  reimbursements so that doctors, hospitals, and clinics can locate in  communities and be treated fairly under our reimbursement structure.   I am deeply disappointed. I am deeply disappointed with what we have  done to this great institution on this, such an important subject. I am  deeply concerned, about the impact this is going to have on the people  of Maryland and our Nation, and I will join my colleagues in doing  everything I possibly can, during the limited opportunities we have  only on the floor of the Senate, not in our committees--to do  everything I can to protect the interests of the people of Maryland and  our Nation so healthcare can be a right and not a privilege.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   