 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as soon as tomorrow, we could be voting  on a motion to proceed to the Republican healthcare plan. What that  plan is, I am not sure anybody really knows. My friend the majority  whip, when reporters asked him if his own Members would know what they  would be voting on, said: ``That's a luxury we don't have.''   We have been on the topic of healthcare for 7 months. Republicans  have been talking about repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act  for over 7 years. Yet here we are, 1 or 2 days from a vote on the  motion to proceed, and we don't even know what the Republicans plan is  to vote on. We are potentially 1 or 2 days away from a vote on a bill  that would reorganize one-sixth of the American economy and impacts  tens of millions of American lives, and no one knows what it is. It is  sort of like ``Alice in Wonderland'' around here. It comes down to this  bizarre game where the Republican leader has basically said: Let's spin  a wheel and see what we are going to vote on. This is no way to treat a  matter as serious as healthcare--so near and dear to the lives of so  many Americans.   I don't know how a single one of my Republican friends can in good  conscience vote to proceed to a truncated debate on something as  important as healthcare without knowing what bill they will ultimately  be voting on. Isn't this the same party that shouted ``Read the bill,  read the bill'' from the rafters when the Affordable Care Act was  debated? It is completely bewildering.   Maybe we will be voting on the Republican repeal-and-replace bill,  which will cause costs to go up and care to go down, which will cause  22 million Americans to lose their insurance, and which will so cruelly  exchange healthcare for millions of working Americans for another tax  break for the wealthy and the special interests. Maybe we will be  voting on repeal without replace, which is even worse, which will cause  our healthcare system to implode, creating chaos for 32 million  Americans who would lose their insurance and chaos for millions more  who would see their coverage diminish or their premiums rise. No one  knows what we will be voting on. We know one thing: All the options are  bad.   There is no good way out of this. The truth is, the Republicans are  completely stuck when it comes to healthcare. Every single version of  their repeal-and-replace bill is rotten at the core. Repeal without  replace is even worse. The American people don't want tax breaks for  the wealthy or the slashing of Medicaid. They don't want to repeal all  the progress we made in healthcare without any plan to put in its  place.   It is time to start over. It is time to go back to the drawing  board--abandon tax cuts for the wealthy, abandon cuts to Medicaid,  abandon repeal and run--and come together, both parties, around a set  of nonideological proposals to improve our healthcare system. That is  what we Democrats want to do.  [[Page S4125]]    I have called several Republicans. Some in their leadership are  saying: Leader Schumer doesn't want people to talk to each other and  won't let that happen if the bill fails. Well, first, I couldn't  prevent it if I wanted to, and second, I don't want to. I want us to  sit down and come up with ways to improve ACA. No one said it is  perfect.   So if the bill fails tomorrow, we will start right away trying to  work with our Republican colleagues to stabilize the marketplace and  improve the cost and quality of healthcare. Whether they join us in  that effort is entirely up to them.   