 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the  Department of Defense Appropriations Act.   I thank Chairwoman Granger and Ranking Member Visclosky for bringing  this bill to the floor.   This bill helps to close gaps in readiness while making investments  in research and development. These investments are critically important  because I guarantee our adversaries know where we have work to do.   Mr. Speaker, I represent a congressional district home to two Army  bases, the NSA, several National Guard facilities, and dozens of our  private sector partners. I serve on the board of the United States  Naval Academy, and I co-chair the Army Caucus.   My experience tells me we are living in a world that has changed  since our Armed Forces entered the Middle East 16 years ago. While our  men and women  [[Page H1938]]  in uniform fought asymmetric foes, our near-peer adversaries such as  Russia and China made advancements in technology that threaten to  degrade our military qualitative advantage.   This appropriations bill ensures our troops are ready and that we  have enough of them to get the job done. It fully funds the new end  strength number and allows for a 2.1 percent pay raise for our troops.  This is the least we can do for the brave men and women who sacrifice  for our country.   This bill also deters Russian aggression by fully funding the  European Reassurance Initiative, and makes critical investments in  missile defense technology.   This bill is a solid start, and I encourage all of my colleagues to  support it, but there is still work to be done. Our troops should trust  that elected officials will support them and do their job to fund the  government, just as we trust them to accomplish the mission assigned to  them. Band-Aid budgets are bad for everyone--our partners in industry,  the American taxpayers, and especially our Armed Forces.   Now is not the time to argue over partisan issues. Congress should  create a frontline of support for our Armed Forces that is just as  strong as the frontline our soldiers have created to protect us.   I call on all of my colleagues to work in a bipartisan fashion to  pass this and the other FY17 appropriation bills as quickly as  possible.   