 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  289, the Guides and Outfitters--or GO--Act, offered by my Natural  Resources Committee colleague and my California neighbor, Congressman  Doug LaMalfa.   For many years, we have seen increasingly severe restrictions on the  public's use of the public's land. One of the most galling aspects of  this exclusionary policy is the use of exorbitant fees to prevent many  group events and small business services that have often been the  economic mainstay of small mountain communities like those in my  district in the Sierra Nevada.   This abusive practice was made possible by the Federal Lands  Recreation Enhancement--or FLREA--Act in 2004. It unleashed a flood of  complex rules, regulations, and court decisions that have gradually  increased the cost of permit administration for the Forest Service and  for the Bureau of Land Management, which these agencies, in turn, have  used as an excuse to raise fees on the public to cost-prohibitive  levels.   For example, the California Endurance Riders Association have been  using the El Dorado National Forest for many years. In 2009, when they  sought a simple 5-year, 10-event permit to continue doing exactly what  they had been doing without incident for decades, the Forest Service  demanded $11,000 in fees.   Well, they paid those fees. But the El Dorado National Forest  management, nonetheless, pulled the approved permit and halted the  process on utterly specious grounds. It then demanded an additional  $17,000 fee, causing the Endurance Riders Association to cancel what  had been a long-term civic tradition that had been a boon to the local  economy.   In 2010, this outrage was repeated after the group spent $5,800 for  the Fool's Gold endurance run that had been an ongoing event for more  than 40 years.   Hardest hit are guides and outfitters, the folks who make it possible  for visitors to fully enjoy our national lands. They are the small  businesses that provide specialized knowledge, skills, and equipment  that new visitors just don't possess. Both the Forest Service and the  Bureau of Land Management have used FLREA to require these small  businesses to pay for permit processing and environmental analyses that  require more than 50 hours.   These fees, along with complex planning requirements, have virtually  shut down so many legitimate and traditional public events and uses.  Efforts to encourage the agencies to modify and streamline the process  have failed, even when those efforts were supported by agency policy.   The GO Act is a long-overdue relief of these practices. It amends  FLREA to streamline the recreation permitting process and allow for  increased public access to recreational opportunities on the Federal  lands. The GO Act was crafted in consultation with a wide variety of  recreation groups throughout the country, and it aims to reduce the  cost and complexity of these permits.   Mr. Speaker, I commend and personally thank Congressman LaMalfa for  listening to his constituents, the people of the Sierra Nevada, and to  the thousands of recreation service providers across the country who  have been begging Congress to make these changes.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure.  [[Page H7650]]        