 Mr. Speaker, section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act was  like  [[Page H850]]  many other provisions that were ultimately included in the sprawling  law. They had absolutely no relationship to the underlying cause of the  financial and housing crisis.   However, some have used the financial crisis to hijack Federal  securities law in order to push a socially motivated agenda.  Specifically, section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires companies  registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission to annually  report payments such as taxes, royalties, fees, production  entitlements, and those types of things made to a foreign or the U.S.  Federal government relating to the commercial development of minerals,  oils, and natural gas.   Companies subject to section 1504 must report the type and total  amounts of these payments made for each project, as well as the type  and total amounts of payments made to each government. These payments  cover, as I said, taxes and other things that are really business  expenses.   While this may be a laudable goal, using Federal securities law and  the SEC to enforce social issues is inconsistent with the SEC's core  mission and completely inappropriate. Just to remind everyone, the  SEC's mission by law is to: One, protect investors; two, maintain fair,  orderly, and efficient markets; and three, facilitate capital  formation. I would liken what they are doing by having the SEC put this  rule in place sort of like requiring your police department to be in  charge of road repair, too. It is just not their expertise.   The SEC recognized this fact and stated that section 1504 ``appears  designed primarily to advance U.S. foreign policy objectives,'' not  investor protection or capital formation. Notwithstanding the merits of  the underlying policy goals, conducting American foreign policy is not  what Congress created the SEC to do. In fact, just moments ago, the  U.S. Senate confirmed Rex Tillerson as the Secretary of State, and I  would suggest that we let him direct our foreign policy. With all due  respect to the commissioners and the SEC staff, none of them are really  foreign policy experts.   As we debate this resolution, let's be clear on what this isn't  about. Some have tried to argue that a vote to vacate this provision is  a vote for corruption somehow. This couldn't be further from the truth.  Now, I understand and sympathize with the sense and the feeling of this  that this rule makes supporters feel better about themselves, but it  does not solve the real world issues. This foreign rule that has been  brought up is really like comparing apples and oranges with the foreign  rules versus this particular rule. And if we allow them to rewrite this  particular rule, we might actually mirror what the EU and what other  foreign governments are doing.   Despite the claims to the contrary, H.J. Res. 41 does nothing to  undermine the ability of the SEC and the Justice Department to police  against foreign corruption. In fact, both of these agencies still have,  at their disposal, Federal laws, including the Foreign Corrupt  Practices Act, which prohibits bribing foreign officials.    And even without this SEC extraction rule in effect,  fraud will still be fraud and corruption will still be corruption. Both  will still be illegal activities that should be punished to the fullest  extent of the law.   Voting for this resolution is a vote to right the ship. This is a  vote to reset the regulatory process. Congress needs to send this  flawed regulation back to the SEC drawing board and instruct the SEC to  get the provision right by promulgating an appropriate rule under  section 1504.   I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I will point out, though, what my  resolution does, is it directs the SEC to go back to the drawing board.  It is not our job to write the rule. You are asking for that proposal.  The SEC wrote a rule; it got struck down by the courts. They got sued  again.    Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to write a rule. I am not  sure that the gentleman from Massachusetts would be happy with it. I am  not sure that the SEC would be happy with it.   Again, having that debate here in the well of the House, I was not  here for the writing of Dodd-Frank. I am dealing with the echo effects  of it, and that is what we are trying to do right now. So rather than  us having that, I put it back to the SEC.   