 Mr. President, I rise to oppose the confirmation of  Congressman Mike Pompeo as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.  I respect Congressman Pompeo's background and service to our Nation.  However, I strongly believe that his positions on at least three key  issues undermine his qualifications to lead the Central Intelligence  Agency.   First, he has supported broad surveillance programs that allow the  government to spy on the American people--programs that were far- reaching, invasive, and violated law-abiding citizens' constitutional  rights to privacy.   These programs were hastily passed as a part of the PATRIOT Act in  the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. I was one of only 66 Members in  the House of Representatives to vote against the PATRIOT Act.   Since then, we have learned through reviews by the Privacy and Civil  Liberties Oversight Board, as well as the unauthorized disclosure of  programs by Edward Snowden, that these programs did go too far. There  is no doubt about it. They did go too far.   The government collected massive amounts of personal cell phone  information, with no probable or reasonable cause to justify the  collection, and the PATRIOT Act was used to obtain hotel records, car  rental records, apartment leasing records, credit card records, and  other personal information. While the government collected personal  information from innocent Americans, there is no credible evidence that  it made us more secure.   The majority of the American people opposed the surveillance program.  They understood it went too far and violated our basic American right  to privacy. So Congress responded and passed the USA FREEDOM Act-- bipartisan legislation to rein in the surveillance programs.   Congressman Pompeo was skeptical of the USA FREEDOM Act, and he  introduced his own bill to resume and expand the spying programs.   I believe in strong national security, and I have consistently  supported our  [[Page S380]]  military and our National Labs to ensure that we have the strongest and  most effective defense in the world. However, in the United States of  America, we protect national security and our constitutional  rights. The United States is not a police State. The U.S. Constitution  protects us from overreaching invasions of our privacy. Congress struck  an appropriate balance in the USA FREEDOM Act between security and  civil liberties. I hope the new administration will not try to return  to mass surveillance programs that don't work, aren't supported by the  American people, and invade our civil liberties.    Second, Congressman Pompeo's views on torture are deeply concerning.  He has stated that the so-called enhanced interrogation programs used  by the CIA in the Bush administration ``were within the law'' and  ``within the Constitution.'' That is his quote, ``were within the law''  and ``within the Constitution.'' They were not. They violated Federal  law prohibiting torture, and they violated the U.N. Convention on  Torture and the Geneva Conventions--treaties the United States signed  and that became Federal law. Programs of torture were a stain on our  Nation's history and contrary to our value as Americans.   Beyond the legality of these programs, any CIA Director must  understand that the use of torture is ineffective. It yields bad  intelligence, which makes it harder for our analysts to do their jobs.  The Senate Intelligence Committee's 6,000-page classified report,  issued in December 2014, concludes: ``The CIA's use of its enhanced  interrogation techniques was not an effective means of acquiring  intelligence or gaining cooperation from detainees.'' This finding is  from the publicly available executive summary from the report.   On key national security issues, like the use of torture, the new  administration's top appointees must speak with one voice. Secretary of  Defense Mattis has disavowed the use of torture. His many years of  experience, training, and leading troops have taught him that torture  does not work. Americans go to war--and risk and sacrifice their  lives--to preserve our deeply held values. We cannot be engaged in  conduct antithetical to those values at the same time. We must lead by  example.   Finally, if America uses torture, we have no moral authority to stop  foreign countries or terrorists from torturing Americans. We can never  give implicit license to others to brutalize our soldiers. President  Obama banned the use of torture in 2009. Again, I hope we will not be  forced into debate about whether to return to the use of inhumane  interrogation techniques that don't work and that undermine what we  stand for as a nation.   Third, Congressman Pompeo has expressed that the Guantanamo Bay  detention center should remain open, and he has said he believes  detainees can be imprisoned indefinitely. The continued use of  Guantanamo Bay prison and indefinite detention are at odds with our  Nation's commitment to human rights and rule of law. There is no place  in America's traditions under the Constitution and under international  norms for indefinite detention without trial or adjudication.  Guantanamo Bay hurts America's standing around the world, it is a  recruiting tool for terrorists, and it is a huge waste of taxpayer  dollars. Again, we must strike an appropriate balance between national  security and America's fundamental principles. We cannot take actions  to preserve American values that at the same time are opposite those  very same values.   Finally, Congressman Pompeo's views on Muslims are troubling. He has  stated that Muslim leaders are ``potentially complicit'' in acts of  terrorism if they don't condemn it. Muslim leaders around the world  have condemned extremists' violence. Muslims around the world strongly  condemn such acts. Accusing Muslim leaders of complicity and acts of  terrorism that they have nothing to do with, that they oppose, is not  acceptable speech from a Director of a national security agency.   In conclusion, I want to underscore that I have nothing but respect  for the men and women who work in the Central Intelligence Agency. They  are true patriots who work hard every day, at personal risk, to keep  our Nation secure. These patriots deserve a leader who will keep our  Nation secure and secure our Nation's basic values.   In defense of America, in the name of national security, we must  protect Americans' constitutional rights, the rule of law, and human  rights. I believe Congressman Pompeo's views do not hold with American  values. His positions will not keep America safe. I think they could  undermine our security. For these reasons, I must oppose Congressman  Pompeo's nomination as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Florida.   