 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, water is life. We understand that in the  West maybe more than anywhere else in the world. So any time we are  talking about water, we are talking about life, we are talking about  the ability to have an economy, we are talking about jobs, we are  talking about communities. It affects us deeply in the West.   When the original bill, H.R. 23, was being marked up, my friend, the  gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Torres), brought a concern to the  members of the committee, saying that she felt like the underlying bill  did not adequately address Tribal water rights.   Tribes are some of the areas of deepest poverty in the country. As  she brought that up, it struck my attention that we should take a look  at it.   Ultimately, her amendment failed in committee, but the two of us,  with the chairman and the sponsor of the bill, huddled after the  committee meeting and decided that we should move forward with our  concerns. Those concerns are reflected in this amendment today.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs.  Torres), to speak about this issue.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Tipton).    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have?    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Huffman).    Mr. Chair, Tribes in New Mexico and across the West  depend on water for agriculture, they depend on it for their families,  they depend on it for spiritual reasons. Without rights, water can be  taken by anyone.   The amendment that Mrs. Torres and I put forward is just trying to  say that rights are personal. They are private property rights, and no  government can take them away. It is a reasonable amendment.   I appreciate the gentleman from Colorado's observations. We will  attempt to see that those observations are dealt with in a meaningful  way. In the meantime, I simply ask Members of the House to join with me  in voting for this amendment to H.R. 23.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   