 Mr. President, I want to make a statement that has not  been heard much around these Halls or these Chambers in a couple of  years. But on February 7--this month--the Veterans' Affairs Committee  reported by a vote of 17 to 0 the name of David Shulkin to be the next  Secretary of Veterans' Administration. That is a unanimous vote. Nine  Republicans and eight Democrats--everybody voted for this man to be  Secretary of the VA. I am going to ask each Member in the Chamber  today: Let's do it as an entire body and find one person, one thing we  agree upon.   They are not Republican veterans or Democrat veterans; they are  American veterans who went to the battlefield and fought for us. It is  time we fought for them.   Dr. Shulkin is the right man at the right time for the Veterans'  Administration. On March 15, 2015, we hired him to come in and take  over and be Under Secretary of Veterans Health. The President looked  around to find the best man to run the VA and found him in David  Shulkin.   David Shulkin is committed to the following: fixing the problems at  the Veterans' Administration, making sure the Choice Program works,  making sure every veteran gets the care they deserve, the care we all  want them to get, and seeing to it they get it from us.   I am going to ask each Member to cast their vote today for David  Shulkin but also cast their vote for our veterans. This is a time for  us to send a message to them: We don't want to privatize the VA. We  don't want to reorganize the VA. We want to make the VA work, to give  our veterans access to every bit of care they can possibly get, and  follow in the line of the great leaders who have been in the Veterans'  Administration before.   I am very pleased to serve with Jon Tester of Montana as my ranking  member. We have worked together as a team--Democrats and Republicans-- to make this happen.   I yield the remainder of my time to Jon Tester of Montana on the  nomination of David Shulkin to be Secretary of the VA.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Montana.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Montana and urge  every Member of the Senate--Republican, Independent, Democrat--to cast  their vote for our veterans, cast their vote for our country, and cast  their vote for David Shulkin to be the new Secretary of the Veterans'  Administration.   I yield back the remainder of our time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Shulkin  nomination?   