 Madam President, I rise today to discuss the National  Defense Authorization Act. I want to begin by thanking Senators McCain  and Reed, the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Armed Services  Committee. I commend their continued bipartisan leadership and  collaboration on behalf of our servicemembers and our national  security.   As someone who served in the U.S. Marine Corps and also served on the  House Armed Services Committee, I understand the importance of  Congress's fulfilling its constitutional duties to our men and women in  uniform.   This legislation is important for our country. It is also important  to my neighbors. That includes Hoosiers serving on Active Duty, in the  Reserves, and in the Indiana National Guard, as well as their families.  It also helps Hoosiers working at Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane,  Crane Army Ammunition Activity, and Defense Finance and Accounting  Service in Indianapolis to perform their important work, which is  essential to our servicemembers.   Now, for the last 55 years, Congress has passed the NDAA. Given the  threats our country confronts, it is important that we once again pass  this legislation and provide our troops with the training, weapons, and  support they need to accomplish their missions and return home safely.  But that is not enough.   Congress must pass Defense authorization and appropriations bills  before the end of the fiscal year, stop the habitual use of continuing  resolutions for the Department of Defense, and end defense  sequestration once and for all. I stand ready to work with Senators of  both parties to achieve these objectives.   I am committed to doing my part, and that is why I voted to end  debate on this legislation last week and why I will support further  advancing the bill today, despite the fact that we weren't able to  debate and vote on amendments here on the floor.   Today, I will only note that I have introduced a couple of bipartisan  amendments related to Saudi Arabia's actions in Yemen. These are  amendment Nos. 585 and 1081. I believe this issue deserves  consideration by the full Senate, and I look forward to speaking at  length on this issue again in coming days.   I share the frustration of Chairman McCain and Ranking Member Reed  regarding the lack of floor debate and substantive votes, and I hope  the Senate can do better next year. I think each Senator, the Americans  we represent, and the troops who protect us are right to expect better.  Now, with that said, I applaud Chairman McCain and Ranking Member Reed  for working to include over 100 noncontroversial amendments in this  bill.   I am proud of the fact that the Defense bill we are going to vote  on--and, hopefully, pass--this evening includes three amendments  important to Hoosiers that I introduced and for which I worked with the  committee to include. I would like to quickly mention two of them and  then spend a little more time on the third.   The first provision is amendment No. 793. This provision would press  the Department of Defense to implement Government Accountability Office  recommendations or explain why they aren't doing so.   Now, let me explain why this is so important. Our Nation confronts  challenges and threats of extraordinary scope. Yet the resources we  have are limited. That means we need to ensure that the Department of  Defense is operating as efficiently and as effectively as possible with  the money the taxpayers provide. That is what our national security  demands and what U.S. taxpayers are right to expect.   So when a respected organization such as the GAO, our Federal  Government's auditor, conducts independent and rigorous analysis and  identifies key areas for improvement within DOD, Congress and the  Pentagon should take it seriously.   Here is the problem. As of this morning, there were 1,008 open GAO  recommendations, including 75 priority recommendations that DOD alone  has failed to address fully. Now, some of these priority  recommendations relate to missile defense, ship maintenance, military  readiness, servicemember healthcare, and financial management, and some  of these open recommendations go back to 2009 and even earlier.   There may be a few of these recommendations in which DOD has a  persuasive justification for not implementing GAO's recommendation, but  I believe the burden of proof should be on DOD to either implement  GAO's recommendations without delay or justify to Congress why they  believe the recommendation should not be adopted. That is essentially  what my provision would do.   I look forward to working with the leaders and staff of the Armed  Services Committees to ensure that this important provision is included  in the final legislation.   I would also like to highlight a second amendment, amendment No. 882,  that I introduced and worked to include in the bill that we will soon  vote to adopt. This provisions would require the Navy to conduct and  provide to Congress a comprehensive review of U.S. maritime  intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and targeting capability,  also known as ISRT.   In light of growing Chinese and Russian maritime capabilities, this  report would require the Navy, among other things, to identify specific  capability gaps and specific areas of risk when it comes to ISRT, as  well as offer solutions and resources that are needed to address those  capability gaps and areas of risk. The review will help to ensure that  the United States retains the naval supremacy necessary to keep vital  shipping lanes open, deter aggression, and defend our national security  interests.   Now, lastly, I would like to highlight amendment No. 821. I  introduced it and worked with the committee to include this in the  bill, and I want to thank Senator Donnelly for cosponsoring my  amendment.   On January 27, the President issued a memorandum that emphasized the  need for a ``modern, robust, flexible, resilient, ready, and  appropriately tailored nuclear deterrent.'' This memorandum reiterated  the longstanding and bipartisan consensus that deterring a nuclear  attack on our country and on our allies depends on our ability to  maintain a strong, nuclear deterrent.   Our nuclear deterrent includes three legs, also referred to as the  nuclear triad, consisting of submarine-launched ballistic missiles,  land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles, and long-range bomber  aircraft. Now, each of these legs offers an important and complementary  capability making clear to any potential aggressor that a nuclear  attack on the United States would be suicidal and, thereby, deterring  such an attack in the first place. Perhaps that is why Secretary of  Defense Mattis, referring to the deterrence of potential aggressors,  said just last week: ``If I wanted to send the most compelling message,  I have been persuaded that the triad . . . is the right way to go.''   Now, the challenge is that, in just the next two decades, essentially  all of our Nation's nuclear delivery systems and all of our nuclear  weapons will need to be refurbished or replaced.   According to a February 17 study by the nonpartisan Congressional  Budget Office, that could cost a total of $400 billion over the next  decade. That is an enormous cost during a period when our Department of  Defense has many other modernization bills coming due. Consequently, we  must identify opportunities to minimize costs while not sacrificing  capability.   So consistent with that fact, on January 31, Secretary Mattis issued  a memorandum calling for an ``ambitious reform agenda, which will  include a horizontal integration across DOD components to improve  efficiency and take advantage of economies of scale.''   Consistent with that memorandum and the memorandum of the President,  my amendment would require the Office of the Secretary of Defense,  working with our Navy and Air Force, to  [[Page S5782]]  submit a report to Congress on the potential to achieve more value;  that is, enhanced nuclear deterrence at a lower cost by integrating  elements of acquisition programs related to modernization and  sustainment of the nuclear triad.   If we can improve efficiency and program management, cost, and  schedule by increasing integration, colocation, and commonality between  the strategic deterrent programs of the Navy and the Air Force and  their associated systems, technologies, and engineering processes, then  we should do so.   Back home in Indiana, the skilled workers at Naval Surface Warfare  Center Crane have supported the Navy Strategic Systems Program for more  than 60 years. Crane is the largest DOD supplier to the Strategic  Systems Program. Crane provides the Navy's only organic high- reliability, radiation-hardening capability. Crane also serves as a  leader in trusted microelectronics. What is less well known is that  Crane provides important support to the Air Force's ICBM Ground Based  Strategic Deterrent Program. More importantly, there is good reason to  believe that Crane can dramatically increase its level of support to  the Air Force's strategic programs.   That is the kind of joint collaboration between the Air Force and the  Navy my amendment envisions. By breaking down stovepipe barriers  between our military services, by eliminating unnecessary duplication,  and by looking for commonsense opportunities for joint cooperation, we  can keep our country safe and save money in the process. That is not  only a win for Crane, it is a win for the Navy, it is a win for the Air  Force, it is a win for taxpayers, and it is a win for the safety and  security of every American.   That is why I look forward to working with the leadership and staff  of the Armed Services Committee to include this amendment in the final  bill.   I thank Chairman McCain and Ranking Member Reed for their work and  tireless leadership on the Senate Armed Services Committee and for your  work to bring the National Defense Authorization Act to this point.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arkansas.   