 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1393,  the ``Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2017.''   I agree with the bill's sponsors that a uniform framework specifying  when an employer must withhold state income tax could help ensure  simplicity and be more administrable than the current varied state  standards. However the means by which H.R. 1393 achieves this result  would lead to significant state revenue losses and could actually  encourage income tax avoidance.   To begin with, rather than promoting uniformity, H.R. 1393 would have  a significant adverse impact on income tax revenues for certain states.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, for example, New York  could lose between $55 million and $120 million annually if this  measure was signed into law.   Other states that would be adversely impacted include Illinois,  Massachusetts, and California.   And, as a result of the lost revenues from non-resident taxpayers,  these states could be forced to make up their losses by shifting the  tax burden to resident taxpayers or levying new taxes.   And states may even have to cut governmental services, such as  funding for education and critical infrastructure improvements.  [[Page H4951]]    Another problem with H.R. 1393 is that it essentially provides a  roadmap for state income tax liability avoidance.   By allowing an employer to rely on the employee's determination of  the time he or she is expected to spend working in another state during  the year, the bill prevents the employer from withholding an employee's  state income taxes to a non-resident state.   This would be the result even if the employer is aware that the  employee has been working in a state more than 30 days, as long as that  state cannot prove that the employee committed fraud in making his  annual determination and that the employer knew it.   Rather than proceeding with this flawed bill, the House should be  considering a fair and uniform framework to allow states to collect  taxes owed on remote sales.   By staying silent since the Supreme Court's 1992 Quill decision,  Congress has failed to ensure that states have the authority to collect  the sales and use tax on Internet purchases.   Placing brick and mortar businesses at a competitive disadvantage  hurts main street Americans and means fewer local jobs and fewer  opportunities.   Lost tax revenues mean that state and local governments will have  fewer resources to provide their residents essential services, such as  education and police and fire protection.   We owe it to our local communities, our local retailers, and state  and local governments to act this Congress.   I am disappointed that rather than moving the bipartisan eFairness  legislation that our communities need, we are considering H.R. 1393  instead.   Accordingly, I oppose H.R. 1393.   