 Madam President, there are a lot of pressing issues going  on in the country and in the world. These are tough, turbulent times.  But Senator Scott and I are going to take a moment or two to talk about  a topic that I think millions of Americans appreciate: college  football.   In the South, where Tim and I come from, it is as close to being a  religion as you can get, and we are here to celebrate Clemson  University becoming the national champion in college football, beating  Alabama in the best college football playoff game I have ever witnessed  in my life.   To the people of Alabama: You had one heck of a ride, a 26-game  winning streak, something you should be proud of.   To the Tigers: You beat the best team in the country, and, to me, the  way you won is as important as the outcome.   DeShaun Watson is probably going to go in the very top of the draft  to the NFL. I would say he is the best college football player in  America. What DeShaun has won for Clemson is unbelievable. The way he  has done it is even more unbelievable. He graduated in 3 years. He is  one of the nicest young men I have ever met in my life. His faith means  a lot to him.   He threw the ball to Hunter Renfrow, who was a walk-on--a young man  from a small town in South Carolina who walked on to the Clemson  University team. Because of Coach Dabo Swinney, he had a shot at making  the team and wound up catching the winning pass to win the national  title.   How is this possible? It is possible because of leadership at the  top. President Clements, our new president, has a vision of Clemson  University as aggressive and bold off the field as Dabo has had on the  field. I think Dabo Swinney represents the best in college sports. The  Clemson team is truly a family. If I had a son, I would want him to  play for Dabo.   If you are looking for a place to go to school where you would be  academically challenged, go to Clemson. If you are looking for a place  to go to school or to be a part of a community, something bigger than  yourself, go to Clemson. If you are looking for a place to watch sports  at the highest level possible, go to Clemson.   So I congratulate the Tigers. Who you beat was impressive, but more  impressive is how you have conducted yourself over the last couple of  years.   The Clemson program is a model for college athletics. Dabo has an  uncanny ability to take people from different backgrounds and mold them  into a team. He loves his players and they love him.   I live 5 miles from Clemson University and went to the University of  South Carolina, and most of you don't know what that means: the biggest  rivalry.   I am proud of Clemson. I grew up in the shadow of the university, 5  miles from the stadium. I have been around the Clemson Tiger family all  my life. They conferred an honorary degree upon me a couple of years  ago. Given the academic standards at Clemson, that is the only way I  would have ever graduated from Clemson.   So I want to tell the Tiger Nation that all of us in South Carolina  are so proud of your victory on the field, but equally proud of the way  you conduct yourself off the field. Clemson University is in the top 20  public schools in the country, with no end in sight.   Next year, if I were an Alabama fan, I would be very optimistic. This  young freshman quarterback is coming back. He is an incredible talent.  The people of Alabama should be proud of their football team and their  coaching staff because you have been on top of the mountain for a very  long time. I hope you believe that Clemson is a worthy successor.   Dabo said it best, ``The [tiger] paw is flying on the top of the  mountain'' of college football, and that is saying a lot.   Go Tigers.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Carolina.   