 Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank Chairman Bishop  [[Page H1155]]  for not only yielding me the time, but for his patience and diligence  and understanding this issue, and I also want to thank Subcommittee  Chairman McClintock for the work that he has put into it.   The Natural Resources Committee has conducted hearings on this issue.  They have reported out bills related to this issue in the last two  Congresses, and last Congress, the whole House voted for a bill that  deals with this issue. I am grateful to Chairman Bishop and  Subcommittee Chair McClintock for all of that effort.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is just a small sliver of what this House has  passed before. This bill requires the Federal Government to do what the  Federal Government should have done long ago, and that is to conduct a  survey along the Red River following the instructions of the United  States Supreme Court. That is all this bill does.   It does not dispose of any land; it does not alter the rights or  claims of any State, any tribe, any individual. It just says the  Federal Government has a responsibility to know what the Federal  Government is supposed to be controlling. They have never, ever  conducted a survey of this area, and so this bill says: You will have a  survey conducted using the method that the United States Supreme Court  has repeatedly held is a method you ought to use.   I am a little taken aback, Mr. Speaker, on why that should be  controversial. We could go on at some length about how this came to be.  It is interesting, historically, and we could go into a variety of  details and so forth; but, again, the bottom line is the Federal law  currently says the Federal Government has a responsibility to inventory  and ascertain where Federal land is. Yet the Bureau of Land Management  not only has never done it in close to 100 years after the Supreme  Court decision, the Bureau of Land Management has said they never  intend to. They will never conduct a survey of this 116-mile area.   So this bill, as I say, is very simple. It says the Bureau of Land  Management shall commission a survey, jointly agreed upon by Texas and  Oklahoma, tribal and other interests a full part of that, but there  will, once and for all, be a survey to determine where the Federal  claim is and where the Federal claim is not.   Now, part of the reason that is so important is because the Bureau of  Land Management has, especially in 2013, come out and made a variety of  claims that has thrown in doubt the proper title and ownership of land  that has been in families for generations, that people have paid taxes  on for generations. That has put a cloud on title of private  landowners, and it does not help that cloud when the Bureau of Land  Management says: We will never conduct a survey to determine exactly  where the claim is.   So everyone, Mr. Speaker, every State, every tribe, every local  government, every individual--even the Federal Government and the BLM  itself--deserves to know where the claims rightfully are and where the  claims are rightfully not.   First step is information. That is all this bill does. I think it is  pretty clear that we should at least take this step.   