 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Active Duty Voluntary  Acquisition of Necessary Credentials for Employment Act, or the ADVANCE  Act.   The ADVANCE Act will allow Active Duty servicemembers, reservists,  and National Guardsmen the same unique testing standards for commercial  driver's licenses granted to veterans by the latest surface  transportation bill, the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act,  the FAST Act.   The FAST Act allows veterans with qualifying experience to be exempt  from State knowledge-based tests when obtaining commercial driver's  licenses. The ADVANCE Act would extend this exemption to Active Duty  servicemembers, reservists, and National Guardsmen.   I introduced the ADVANCE Act to ensure that Active Duty  servicemembers and reservists have access to the same benefits as  veterans, helping to smooth their transition from military to civilian  life. We owe it to our brave men and women to help them find work here  at home.    This bipartisan bill is a commonsense measure that will create  opportunities for servicemembers to find work in their communities by  simplifying how they translate the driving skills they learned in the  military to American jobs across this country. According to the  Department of Transportation, the ADVANCE Act can help nearly 75,000  Active Duty, Reserves, and National Guardsmen throughout the United  States.   This legislation comes at a critical time. According to the American  Trucking Associations, there is an estimated 40,000 truck driver  shortage nationally. The American Trucking Associations has endorsed  the ADVANCE Act because it will help put servicemembers back to work  here at home and it will allow us to close a troubling skills gap in  our local communities.   The ADVANCE Act has also been endorsed by the Association of the  United States Navy and The Retired Enlisted Association. It was  unanimously passed out of the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee, and has strong bipartisan support.   Additionally, Senators Cornyn and Warren have introduced a bipartisan  companion bill in the Senate.   I urge my colleagues to join me today and support this bill so we can  make this commonsense change to ensure that all current and former  members of the military with specialized training can more easily  access the licenses they need to get good-paying jobs as they  transition to civilian life.   