 Mr. President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Paul  Compton, which came out of the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs  Committee. I might add that he is President Trump's nominee to serve as  general counsel of the Department of Housing and Urban Development.   Mr. Compton is a longtime affordable housing and financial services  attorney in the State of Alabama. Mr. Compton, if confirmed, would  bring a deep familiarity with affordable housing to the Office of  General Counsel. That part I like. With 11 million families paying over  half their income for rent and with homelessness on the rise for the  first time in years, a nominee who appreciates the importance of  affordable housing could be a positive addition at HUD. Think about  that. There are 11 million families who pay more than half their income  on rent.   In a book written by Matthew Desmond called ``Evicted: Poverty and  Profit in the American City,'' the author said of the people at that  income level: When your paycheck comes, the rent eats first. Everything  depends on being able to stay in your home and not being foreclosed on.  When 11 million people pay over half their income on rent, homelessness  is going to be on the rise.   I appreciate Mr. Compton's commitment to me during our Banking,  Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee hearing that he would look out for  the interests of renters and homeowners if confirmed, but I am voting  against him because I am concerned about the administration's approach  to fair housing protections and the role that he will likely play in  helping to carry that out.   I was troubled to learn that Secretary Carson had said that he plans  to ``reinterpret'' HUD's affirmatively furthering fair housing--or  AFFH--rule. Since 1968, the Fair Housing Act has required HUD and its  grantees to affirmatively further fair housing. Unfortunately, in the  50 years since our country passed the Fair Housing Act, HUD has not  provided enough direction to help communities meet this goal.   A 2010 General Accountability Office report recommended that HUD  improve its processes for meeting its obligations to affirmatively  further fair housing. In response, HUD developed a revised rule to  finally help local governments across the country support and foster  fair housing policies throughout their communities.   The rule gives clearer guidance to communities to help them think in  new ways about how to create housing opportunities for all of their  residents regardless of race or religion or disability or the size of  their family. The rule helps them to assess their own fair housing  needs, and it provides them publicly available data with which to  inform their decisions while they set their own goals and timelines.   Since its adoption 2-plus years ago, HUD has been working with  communities to implement the new guidelines. That is the good news. The  bad news is that the Secretary has said that he wants to reinterpret,  but he is not elaborating on what he meant by his plan to reinterpret  the rule. If the Secretary intends to reinterpret the rule in a way  that undermines HUD's efforts to help communities fulfill their  longstanding obligations under this 50-year-old law, Mr. Compton will  be called upon to carry out this vision.   I voted against his nomination in committee because of my concern  that he could help guide administration efforts to reverse progress on  this fair housing rule. More recent activities by administration  officials have only heightened the concerns that many of us have about  their approaches to fair housing.   In 2013, HUD issued its discriminatory effects rule. This rule  formalized HUD's longstanding prohibition against practices with  discriminatory effects under the Fair Housing Act and provided uniform  guidance for applying standards across the country.   Because homeowners' insurance is central to the ability to obtain  housing, HUD and the courts have held for decades that the Fair Housing  Act applies to discriminatory practices in insurance--a very easy-to- understand, logical step. Nevertheless, insurance industry  representatives sued to block HUD's application of the discriminatory  effects rule--also known as disparate impact--to their industry. HUD  and the Department of Justice have been fighting this suit ever since.  As general counsel, Mr. Compton would guide HUD's enforcement and  litigation strategy.   In response to a written question, Mr. Compton declined to provide  his views on the discriminatory effects rule and whether it should  apply to the insurance industry. He noted that ``it would be  inappropriate'' for him to comment on the matter given the pending  litigation.   The administration, it seems, does not share his reluctance to  comment on pending litigation. A month and a half ago, the Treasury  Department issued a report entitled ``A Financial System that Creates  Economic Opportunities--Asset Management and Insurance.'' In this  report, Treasury recommends that HUD reconsider the use of the  disparate impact rule.   It is not that this administration decides to support the side of big  insurance companies every time--maybe it doesn't every time--but it  seems like it almost always does. It did it in this case. Yet Mr.  Compton thinks that he shouldn't comment when other already confirmed  Trump appointees have. The Treasury's report sides with arguments that  have been made by the insurance industry despite the fact that  litigation is pending, and HUD and the Department of Justice, at least  until now, have been defending the rule. The next court date for the  suit is scheduled for later this week.   If the administration continues its drive to reconsider fair housing  protections that are opposed to by industry, Mr. Compton will likely be  called upon to help the administration in its efforts. Because he  declined to answer my question, we don't know what his thinking will  be.   While I might be inclined to give Mr. Compton the benefit of the  doubt, we have seen too many officials in this administration who are  working against the missions of the agencies to which they have been  appointed. Financial regulators so often come from Wall Street.  Environmental regulators so often come from the chemical industry and  the oil industry. We have seen it time and again.   This is happening at a time when we see the administration taking  steps to remove protections for average Americans and consumers in  order to carry out the bidding of its supporters on Wall Street. These  include sending in Mick Mulvaney, who once called the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau a ``sick, sad joke.'' He is now serving as  its Director. It is his moonlighting job, as he is also the Director of  the Office of Management and Budget. His first act as Director of the  CFPB was to block the payments of funds that were owed to consumers-- consumers who were cheated or wronged by Wells Fargo and other big  banks or big financial institutions. The consumers, in many cases, were  servicemembers who had been cheated by these financial institutions. On  Mulvaney's first day on the job, he said: No, we are not going to move  forward in collecting those penalties and in paying those consumers and  those servicemembers and those seniors and those families.   I am concerned about this emerging effort to roll back protections  for consumers. I hope that Mr. Compton proves me wrong. I hope that he  is a strong advocate within the agency and the administration for fair  housing, for consumer protection, and for affordable housing. When  given the chance to demonstrate his commitment to fair housing, he took  a pass. These matters are too important to far too many Americans for  us to leave their futures to chance. I urge my colleagues to join me in  opposing Mr. Compton's nomination.   I yield the floor.   