 Mr. President, as I did last week and as I will continue  to do until he is confirmed, I rise to support the nomination of Judge  Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch is an  accomplished, mainstream jurist. I look forward to helping make sure he  receives an up-or-down vote here on the Senate floor.   After meeting with Judge Gorsuch and learning more about his judicial  philosophy, I continue to be impressed by his humble respect for the  law and by his commitment to service.   Before the Judiciary Committee begins our hearings, I want to  highlight aspects of his jurisprudence that qualify him to serve on our  Nation's highest Court and make him an ideal candidate to fill such a  consequential position.   Earlier this month I spoke about his fitness to fill Justice Scalia's  seat, as well as his respect for the separation of powers. Today I  would like to focus on his approach to religious freedom.   I have always supported religious freedom as a universal principle.  It doesn't matter if we are defending our own First Amendment right to  the free exercise of religion here at home or standing up for the  religious freedoms of people under repressive regimes abroad, our  country has always valued the right of individuals to practice their  faith as they please.   Just as religious freedom is part of our national character, it also  provides insight into the character and judicial philosophy of a  prospective justice. When I had the privilege of meeting with Judge  Gorsuch last week, I asked him about his thoughts on religious freedom.  I was struck by his ability to plainly articulate his understanding of  the law and the Constitution. He explained his religious liberty  opinions by telling me that he simply went ``where the law led him.''  His explanation was indicative of his fundamental approach to  interpreting the law. Judge Gorsuch doesn't make the law; he follows  the law. He reads the Constitution as the Framers understood it. He  interprets laws the way they were written.   Lately, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have been vocal  about the importance of respecting our independent judiciary. I  couldn't agree more. They have decried the perils of discriminating on  the basis of religious belief. Well, they are in luck. The Supreme  Court nominee before us would be a staunch defender of independent  courts and religious freedom. All they have to do is help us confirm  him.   I don't blame them for wanting to do their homework on a Supreme  Court nominee. They should, as should we all. They will find that  studying Judge Gorsuch's record will make for enjoyable reading.   On the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Gorsuch has authored a  number of judicial opinions respecting the fundamental principles of  religious liberty. His most notable was a concurring opinion in the  Hobby Lobby case. In this landmark legal case interpreting the  Religious Freedom Restoration Act, Judge Gorsuch ruled that the Federal  Government cannot force individuals to assist in conduct that violates  their deeply held religious convictions. I note that this law used to  be noncontroversial. The Religious Freedom Restoration Act was  introduced by Senators Ted Kennedy and then Congressman Chuck Schumer.  It was passed almost unanimously in 1993 and signed into law by  President Bill Clinton.   In his concurrence, Judge Gorsuch wrote: ``The [Religious Freedom  Restoration Act] doesn't just apply to protect popular religious  beliefs: it does perhaps its most important work in protecting  unpopular religious beliefs, vindicating this nation's long-held  aspiration to serve as a refuge of religious tolerance.''   Religious tolerance--that is what our country stands for, and that is  what Judge Gorsuch stands for. Judge Gorsuch's position was later  vindicated by the Supreme Court. The Court agreed that it is the  government's job to protect an individual's ability to practice their  religion, not to instruct them on how to practice their religion.   In closing, let me reiterate that I believe Judge Gorsuch is a  mainstream jurist who will uphold the Constitution to ensure justice  for all, regardless of an individual's religious beliefs or which  administration is in power. As someone who embraces religious freedom,  it is a privilege to support and confirm a judge like Neil Gorsuch, who  respects this central constitutional principle. As I have said before,  and I will say again, Judge Gorsuch deserves fair consideration by  those who serve in this body, and he deserves an up-or-down vote on the  Senate floor. He should be confirmed overwhelmingly, and I am confident  he will be.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   