 Mr. President, I thank my friend and colleague from  Maryland's neighboring State of Delaware, the senior Senator, Mr.  Carper. I thank him for raising those points about the very negative  impact that repealing the Affordable Care Act would have on so many  folks in Delaware and Maryland and, specifically, rural hospitals. The  Eastern Shore of Maryland and the Delmarva Peninsula have lots of rural  hospitals that will be put in the crosshairs if we repeal the  Affordable Care Act, so I thank the Senator for raising those issues  and sharing with the Senate the impact of what repeal would do.   I rise to oppose the nomination of Tom Price to be Secretary of the  Department of Health and Human Services. I am very familiar with the  views and the policy positions of Congressman Price and the ideas he  has with respect to health care and budget issues facing our Nation.   Before coming to the Senate, I served as the senior Democrat, the  ranking member on the House Budget Committee, and Congressman Price is  the chairman of that committee. I have said this before, and I say it  again; that despite our very deep differences over critical issues  facing our country and health care policies, Representative Price did  conduct the business of the Budget Committee in a professional manner.   I respect the intensity with which he argues his case, but it is  because of his inflexible and highly ideological positions on critical  matters before us that I oppose him. I firmly believe his policies will  do great harm to the health and well-being of tens of millions of  Americans throughout this country. That is why I oppose his nomination  for this very sensitive post.   During the Presidential campaign, Candidate Trump tweeted, ``I was  the first and only potential GOP candidate to state that there will be  no cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.'' President Trump  has repeated those promises since then.   Yet, throughout his tenure in the Congress and throughout his time as  chairman of the House Budget Committee, Representative Price has taken  the exact opposite position, calling for cuts to Medicare, cuts to  Medicaid, cuts to Social Security. He is now going to be overseeing the  Department responsible for Medicare and Medicaid. So let's look at how  Chairman Price's policies would impact those programs and harm the  health care of Americans.   First, on Medicare, he has called for privatizing Medicare through a  voucher program. Make no mistake--seniors on Medicare are going to pay  a lot more under their voucher plan.   Here is how it works: Instead of going to the hospital and having  Medicare cover the costs, seniors will instead get the equivalent of a  voucher. Here is the catch: The value of that voucher will not rise  nearly as fast as the cost of health care in this country, so each year  that goes by, the value of that voucher will pay for less and less  health care for seniors on Medicare.   Yes, Tom Price's plan saves Medicare money. It saves Medicare money  by requiring senior citizens on Medicare to eat the difference--the  difference between the value of the voucher, which is effectively  frozen over time, and the cost of health care that those seniors are  going to need. That is the wrong approach for making savings in  Medicare.   The right approach is the approach taken in the Affordable Care Act,  where we begin to change the incentives in the system, so we encourage  doctors and hospitals to focus on the value of care they provide, not  the volume of care they provide.   Another way in which Representative Price, the President's nominee,  would harm seniors on Medicare is when you repeal the Affordable Care  Act, you reopen what was called the prescription drug doughnut hole.  One of the things the Affordable Care Act did was allow seniors with  high prescription drug costs to not have to choose between paying the  rent or putting food on the table and the cost of their drugs. Over  time, it is closing that doughnut hole that seniors fell into and  couldn't cover the costs of needed prescriptions. When you repeal the  Affordable Care Act, you repeal those protections for seniors. That is  what Tom Price's budget would do. It is right there in his budget plan.   Another harm that would befall seniors is that repealing the  Affordable Care Act wipes out the provision that allows seniors on  Medicare to get free preventive screenings. We want to encourage  seniors, just like everybody  [[Page S1016]]  else, to catch health problems early, so we said: You don't have to pay  these steep copays if you want to get screened for cancer, diabetes, or  whatever it may be. Millions of seniors have now benefited from that-- not only by not having to pay out of pocket but by catching problems  early and getting them treated so they get the health care they want.  But Tom Price's plan would repeal all of that.   If you are a senior on Medicare now or a senior who may be getting to  the point of Medicare or anybody else--we are all going to be there  someday--No. 1, you are going to see the plan turn into a voucher plan,  which is going to cost a lot more for no more health care, maybe less;  you are going to pay more for prescription drugs; and you are going to  pay more for preventive screenings. That is a bad deal, but that is the  Tom Price plan.   Let's take a look at his Medicaid proposal. Again, Candidate Trump  said he wasn't going to cut Medicaid. The budget plan put forward by  Tom Price, chairman of the House Budget Committee, calls for over $1  trillion in cuts to Medicaid over 10 years. It is right there in the  plan. Just read it. They don't make any secret about it. The  accompanying report talks about it--$1 trillion over 10 years.   Many people don't realize this, but two-thirds of the money we spend  for Medicaid goes to provide long-term care to seniors in nursing  homes, to people with severe disabilities, very fragile individuals who  have no other source of medical security. It would cut dramatically  from that. Almost 50 percent--the largest single share of people in  Medicaid--is kids. They are kids.   I just happened to meet today with the head of the Children's  National Health System and his team. His No. 1 plea and request to me:  Don't cut Medicaid. You will hurt kids if you do it.   They provided me some information and facts. What is Medicaid?  Medicaid is the single largest health insurer for children. Medicaid is  a vital program for children. It covers over 30 million children  nationwide. When we cut Medicaid by $1 trillion, we hurt children by  hurting their health care.   In addition to calling for these very deep and damaging cuts to  Medicaid, harming the Medicare program, and raising the costs to  seniors, Representative Tom Price has been one of the fiercest  opponents of the Affordable Care Act, wanting to wipe it out. We hear a  lot about replacement. In other words, the mantra has been, let's  repeal it and replace it. In fact, President Trump, both as candidate  and now, says he is going to replace it with something much better.  Much better. We heard for years Republicans in the House and the Senate  saying they were going to replace it too. We have heard them say that  since the Affordable Care Act was first put in place roughly 7 years  ago: Repeal and replace. But as we are gathered here today, there is  absolutely no replace.   But they did repeal. A lot of people don't realize they repealed it  because President Obama was there to veto the legislation that came to  his desk that repealed the Affordable Care Act. But it was just last  year. Congressman Tom Price--the person who is going to be in charge,  if President Trump has his way, the head of HHS--was the main architect  of that repeal--not repeal and replace; repeal.   The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office--the organization the  Congress relies on to present unbiased analysis--in fact, the current  Director of CBO was selected by the Republican chairman of the House  committee and the Republican chairman of the Senate committee. They  issued a report just last month, January 2017. What would have happened  if Tom Price's repeal had actually been signed by President Obama? What  if that had actually become law? What would have happened to health  care in America? Here is what they said: The number of people who are  uninsured would increase by 18 million in the first plan year following  enactment of the bill. Later, after the elimination of the Affordable  Care Act's expansion of Medicaid eligibility and subsidies, that number  will rise to 32 million in 2026. So in year 1, 18 million Americans  would lose access to health insurance.   How about the cost of premiums? The cost of premiums in the exchanges  have been high, and there are practical things we can do to reduce  them. But if Tom Price had his way, according to the Congressional  Budget Office, here is what would have happened: Premiums in the non- group market, the Affordable Care Act exchanges, would increase by 20  percent to 25 percent relative to current law--in other words, compared  to if we did nothing.   It is really important that the American public understand that the  man the President is asking to be head of Health and Human Services for  the United States of America is the same person who was the architect  of the bill that went to President Obama that within its first year  would have resulted in 18 million Americans losing access to health  care and jacking up premiums by 20, 25 percent in the exchanges. That  is what would have happened. Thank goodness President Obama was there  to veto that legislation. But he is not there anymore, and President  Trump is installing the person who would have had the dramatic negative  impact on the health care of millions of Americans--your constituents,  my constituents--and all of us have heard many stories about the  impact.   I will close where Senator Carper closed because he went through many  examples of who was going to be harmfully impacted by getting rid of  the Affordable Care Act. When we add it all up, it is just about  everybody.   In addition to the 22 million Americans on the health care exchanges  who will lose that access entirely, Americans who get their health care  through their employers--which is most of them--benefit from the  patient protections in that legislation. Frankly, they benefit from the  fact that people who used to not be able to get any health care and who  were showing up in the emergency room and raising the costs for  everybody else--they will have it, which is why, as he said, premiums  for the majority of Americans in the employer market have actually gone  up very slowly compared to what they were doing before the Affordable  Care Act. As I mentioned, seniors on Medicare get socked in the chin.   I just came from a meeting with the head of one of Maryland's rural  hospitals in Western Maryland, out on the Maryland panhandle. This is  an area that Donald Trump carried overwhelmingly with a big vote out in  Western Maryland.   The CEO of Garrett Regional Medical Center came to my office today  and let me know all the good things they are doing for people in  Western Maryland. The last page of this request says: ``Seeking your  support,'' and here is the bullet point: Garrett Regional Medical  Center is very concerned about ACA repeal. Our organization will  implode--implode--without proper replacement.   Yet the legislation, the reconciliation bill that Representative Tom  Price rammed through the House and then they got through the Senate and  went to President Obama's desk, would have done exactly that--it would  have imploded this Western Maryland regional medical center. Imploded  it. President Obama said no.   Now, despite the fact that Candidate Trump tweeted out that he wanted  to protect Medicaid and Medicare, he has appointed somebody to this key  position who has taken the opposite position. That is why I cannot in  good conscience vote in support of this nomination. It is too big a  risk to the health care of Marylanders and to the American people.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   