 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  want to express my deep appreciation for the opportunity to join in  this advocacy for this very important bill.   One of the great frustrations I know I share is when we have to make  choices, and I see people come to me and they want us to increase the  funding for those who are on the front lines fighting for our country,  to increase the funding for those who are suffering from diseases, to  increase the funding to protect senior citizens in various capacities,  and every one of them tears at your heartstrings.   That is why, to me, it is such an incredible accomplishment when you  are able, at this particular period of time, with huge deficits, to be  able to fight to make sure that we can retain the funding to drive a  fundamental program. The chairman has done that in this case, and I  find the arguments to double that to be just a Trojan horse, an  impediment to helping us take a meaningful program and make sure that  it is authorized and supported.   In April, I visited the Crozer-Keystone Community Foundation in my  own district. The foundation operates MIECHV and uses the Nurse-Family  Partnership model to serve women and families in Delaware County. The  model enables nurses to conduct regular home visits for first-time  mothers and their children who are less than 2-years-old. It is  designed to improve prenatal health and outcomes, improve child health  and development, and improve families' economic self-sufficiency.   The success is evident to the experience of the women and families in  the programs. In fact, the Nurse-Family Partnership model has been  shown to reduce child abuse by 48 percent, reduce emergency room visits  for accidents and poisonings by 58 percent, and reduce behavioral and  intellectual problems by age 6 by 67 percent.   A study found that $6 is returned to the community for every dollar  it invests in the program. Did you hear that? For every dollar the  community invests, they will get $6; so it is not wrong to ask our  partners in the States to match this commitment. In fact, my own State  of Pennsylvania, I am proud to say it has actually exceeded the  [[Page H7508]]  matching because they know it works and it makes a true partnership  with the States.   So I want to, once again, conclude by applauding the efforts of the  chairman to position this in such a way for us to be able to move  forward, to create the opportunity for this genuine partnership, to  move on, on behalf of the--not programs just like the Nurse-Family  Partnership, but the broad spectrum that are supported.   