 Mr. President, in the critical debate about the  balance between national security and rights to privacy, the truth must  be paramount. Time and again, President Trump has misled the American  public about national security matters, including torture,  surveillance, and intelligence. Trump has claimed that ``torture  works'' and that ``we should go much stronger than waterboarding,''  despite widespread evidence that enhanced interrogation techniques are  not effective in acquiring intelligence or gaining cooperation from  detainees. Without any evidence, President Trump alleged that President  Obama illegally wiretapped the phones of Trump Towers. Former FBI  Director James Comey soundly rejected this conspiracy theory, a  statement that likely played a role in his firing. President Trump  repeatedly dismissed intelligence that Russia interfered in our 2016  elections and derided our intelligence community for its assessments.  His rejection of truth, to stoke fear and resentment in the American  public, is unethical and dangerous. It is a threat to American  freedoms.   In this extraordinary environment, the CIA's leadership must not only  provide objective and sound intelligence assessments to the President,  it must faithfully ensure that the President is adhering to the law.  The role of the General Counsel is particularly critical at this  moment, when our sitting President has openly denounced or displayed  alarming ignorance of existing laws on intelligence matters. As the CIA  General Counsel's guidance is provided entirely in secret, with no  public transparency, it is imperative that the American public have as  clear an understanding as possible of the nominee's prior record of  legal interpretation.   On this point, Courtney Elwood's history under President George W.  Bush is troubling. At the Department of Justice, Ms. Elwood was  involved in discussions regarding the legal justification for the  ``warrantless wiretapping program,'' in which the Bush administration  collected telephonic and email communications of U.S. persons on U.S.  soil without a court order. The Bush administration, in memos that are  now declassified, argued that the President has inherent constitutional  power to monitor Americans' communications without a warrant in a time  of war. Given the perennial nature of America's war footing, this  argument afforded the President a virtually unlimited authority to  surveil Americans. When asked for her views on this legal justification  in testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, Ms.  Elwood asserted that the program was ``carefully reasoned'' and that  the Justice Department was ``thorough in its analysis.''   Ms. Elwood's record on torture is also cause for concern. While I was  pleased with Ms. Elwood's testimony that the reinstatement of torture  would be illegal under existing law, I am concerned with her prior work  on cases involving the detention of enemy combatants, military  commissions, and the constitutionality of national security programs  under President Bush. For these reasons, I cannot support her  nomination.    Madam President, we are all united in support of a  strong and effective VA that is able to provide topnotch services and  support to the veterans who have served our country nobly. None of us  can be satisfied with the current state of the Department, and I share  the frustration of constituent veterans who are unable to get the basic  care and treatment they need, from widows and families who have lost  loved ones while under the care of the VA, and from dedicated VA  employees who are frustrated with the waste and inept management that  prevent them from providing the care they believe our veterans deserve.  The revelations about the continuing problems at the District of  Columbia VA medical center should serve as a new wake-up call that  immediate attention is needed to make the VA right.   I supported the nomination of Dr. David Shulkin to be VA Secretary  and gave him my full support to make changes to the organization to  address the management problems and lapses in care that plague the VA.  There is no question that the VA needs reforms that will make it more  responsive to the needs of our veterans, and more accountable when it  does not adequately serve them.   The VA Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act attempts to  address these issues by making it easier for management to discipline  and remove VA employees. It is essential that managers have this  authority to remove employees who violate their duty to care for our  veterans. It is also important that our removal process be implemented  in a fair and impartial manner. The House bill failed to provide those  protections, and I appreciate Senator Tester's work on this issue and  his efforts to improve the bill that the House passed. I am concerned,  however, that some provisions in the bill weaken the worker protections  that are necessary to avoid arbitrary or politically motivated  disciplinary actions. Our Nation's civil service protections are  intended to allow Federal workers to do their jobs free of intimidation  or political interference. Employees can be disciplined or removed, but  only with due process that exposes the full facts of the case. Reforms  that rely on fear of arbitrary discipline or removal are not truly  reforms, but will create a toxic environment within the agency. While I  have concerns about some of the provisions of this bill, we must  provide veterans the care and support they need from the VA.   I admire the dedication and commitment of our Federal workers at the  VA, many of whom are veterans themselves. Most care deeply and go the  extra mile to serve those who have served. I know that Secretary  Shulkin  [[Page S3277]]  recognizes the enormous talent in our Federal workers, and I believe he  should strive to create a stronger team by rapidly filling the 45,000  vacant civil service positions currently at the VA and by building on  the strong sense of purpose that motivates our VA Federal workforce and  cares for our veterans.   