 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Maryland for  organizing this special hour this evening and for leading the  conversation.   Mr. Speaker, I share my colleagues' concern about the unfounded  attacks on the special counsel and the need to make sure that the  investigation is allowed to proceed to its conclusion.   But, Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues tonight in also raising grave  concerns about the unwillingness of our present administration,  including not only the President, but the Justice Department as well,  to take seriously the threat of foreign interference in our elections.   It is the unanimous assessment of our intelligence community that the  Russian Government launched a focused campaign, at the direction of  Vladimir Putin, to interfere in our elections last year.   Irrespective of President Trump's refusal to accept this objective  reality or his ongoing efforts to obfuscate the truth, the ongoing  threat to the integrity of our elections is real and only likely to  increase in 2018. As the Russians sought to disrupt our elections last  year, and as they have done so in elections around the world, we can be  certain that they will be back next year.   That is why we, as Congress and as a country, need to be urgently  focused on how to prevent in future elections the kinds of foreign  interference we saw in 2016.   Mr. Speaker, the first primary elections are barely 3 months away and  Americans will collectively head to the polls in less than 11 months.  The clock is, quite literally, ticking. Without a serious effort to  address these varied and increasing threats, we as a nation remain  vulnerable.   Over the past month, I have had the opportunity to ask both the  number one and number two official at the Department of Justice, as  well as the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, about our  efforts to secure our elections. Their answers have been far from  satisfactory.   In November, Attorney General Jeff Sessions came before the House  Judiciary Committee. Three weeks prior to that, in testimony before the  Senate Judiciary Committee, he admitted to Senator Sasse that his  Department had fallen short in addressing election security.   I was, therefore, surprised when I asked Attorney General Sessions  about the actions he had taken to secure our elections subsequent to  his Senate hearing. He could not name any single specific step taken by  the Justice Department.   He admitted: ``I have not followed through to see where we are on  that.''   And then he committed: ``I will personally take action to do so.''   Nevertheless, when Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appeared  before the committee a month later, he could not demonstrate that the  Department had even formally reviewed the matter.   It is clear to me that the administration is not handling this threat  with the seriousness it deserves.   Last month I led a letter with 15 of my Judiciary colleagues to the  Attorney General, calling on him to make good on his commitment to  urgently brief Members of Congress on the Department's efforts to  secure our elections from foreign meddling. The deadline for this  request has come and gone, and there is still not one--no commitment  from the Department of Justice to work cooperatively with Congress on  this critically important issue.    This inaction is unacceptable. The clock is ticking until our next  election, and we need to act and we need to act now. Our Nation needs-- and the American people are right to expect--this administration to  urgently and aggressively take measures to protect our elections.   Mr. Speaker, this is not a partisan issue. The very foundation of our  democracy depends on the integrity of our elections.   I urge my colleagues to join us in our efforts to defend against  foreign interference and hold this administration accountable for doing  all it can to prevent any interference in the future.   