 Madam President, I am strongly opposed to the nomination of  Rick Perry to be the Secretary of Energy.   While Governor Perry has a long record of public service, he is the  wrong choice to lead the Department of Energy. He does not possess the  technical expertise or necessary qualifications. Moreover, his past  statements calling for the elimination of the Department and  questioning the science behind climate change, coupled with his  reported lack a understanding about the scope of the Department's  responsibilities, call into question his ability to lead an agency that  is so critical to our national and economic security.   What Governor Perry learned during this confirmation process is that  the Secretary of Energy not only oversees our country's energy  initiatives and strategies, but is also the steward of our nation's  nuclear weapons stockpile. The National Nuclear Security  Administration, or NNSA, a part of the Department of Energy, ensures  the safety, security, and effectiveness of our nuclear weapons. The  NNSA brings together exceptionally dedicated men and women from our  Armed Forces to work alongside some of our best scientists and  engineers to provide expert advice in nuclear nonproliferation and  counterterrorism. The Secretary of Energy must understand their work  and advise the President on our nuclear arsenal capabilities and  national security issues. Governor Perry has no experience in these  areas and is not qualified to lead the agency tasked with maintaining  our nuclear deterrent.   The Department of Energy also protects our Nation's security by  strengthening the electrical grid's resilience in the face of natural  disaster and cyber attacks. Its Office of Electricity works with other  Federal agencies, State and local governments, and utilities to protect  the electrical grid; yet the Trump administration has reportedly  proposed eliminating this office, something which Governor Perry has  not sought to dispel.   The Department of Energy leads the country and the world in renewable  energy generation and energy efficiency. For my home State of Rhode  Island, renewable energy from the wind, sun, and ocean is not just a  path to local energy production, but also a source of well-paying jobs  ranging from steelworkers to scientists. Last year, Rhode Island became  the first State to build an offshore wind farm, off the coast of Block  Island, proving that offshore wind can be a viable renewable energy  source for the United States.   This technological feat could not have been accomplished without the  science, engineering, and policy research supported by the Office of  Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency. This office drives the research  in wind, solar, geothermal, and ocean energy that has made affordable  renewable energy a reality. However, Governor Perry, in his written  responses, refused to comment on reports that the administration would  cut funding, or even worse, eliminate this vital department. Failure to  invest in this department and its research risks our future as an  energy-producing nation.   We need a Secretary of Energy who also can effectively manage the  Office of Science and the National Laboratories, programs that have  made the United States a global leader in scientific advancement since  the Manhattan project. The National Laboratory system hosts equipment  far beyond the capabilities of most universities or companies--such as  massive particle accelerators, powerful supercomputers, and high- temperature laser ignition facilities--that are vital to expanding our  knowledge base and technological advancement.   The future of many of these energy science programs in the new  administration is of great concern to the scientific community. The  same budget recommendations that would eliminate the Office of  Electricity also showed plans to cut supercomputing research, even as  China is making large investments to become the world leader in this  area. Advanced computing is vital to national defense and economic  competitiveness. Shortsighted budget cuts here, or in any of our basic  research programs, threaten our Nation's future security and  prosperity. Governor Perry has not pledged to protect or prioritize  anfof these programs.   The Department of Energy's leadership in atmospheric science and  climate change is also threatened. The Trump administration has gone  beyond merely ignoring the threat of climate change; it has proposed  cutting off funding to the critical programs that monitor our planet.  It has also cast doubt that climate data will be accessible and  available to the public and other researchers. We have already seen an  unprecedented attempt by the Trump transition team to collect the names  of scientists who study the consequences of carbon dioxide emissions.  It appears that, for the first time in  [[Page S1559]]  the history of the agency, its scientists are worried that honestly  reporting their findings may be a career-ending decision.   This is an alarming assault on the integrity of American science. The  Secretary of Energy must be someone who understands science and will  protect the government scientists who work in the national interest.  The Secretary must understand and be able to present to the President  the overwhelming scientific consensus that the climate is changing and  that human activities are responsible. All Governor Perry committed to  do in this and other areas is to learn more about the science.   This is not sufficient.   We have been fortunate that recent occupants of this post were not  learning basic science on the job. Both Presidents Bush and Obama  filled this post with experts possessing a deep understanding of  science and technological issues. President Bush appointed Dr. Samuel  Bodman, who served as a member of MIT's faculty before moving into  business and government. President Obama appointed a Nobel prize winner  in physics, Dr. Steven Chu, and a MIT physicist, Dr. Ernest Moniz. The  result is that, for the past 12 years, the Department of Energy has  been well equipped to respond to challenges in national security,  energy, and science.   We need a Secretary of Energy who can build on that legacy. We need a  Secretary of Energy who has the technical expertise to oversee our  Nation's nuclear stockpile, the integrity to protect basic science from  political attacks, and the willingness to fight for a secure grid and  renewable energy technology. I am not convinced that Governor Perry has  those qualifications.   For these reasons, I cannot support his nomination. I urge my  colleagues to join me in voting no.   