 Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about  the battle between the jury system and a system in which regular  Americans are forced into arbitration, which has a terrible record.   I can remember years ago, when I was attorney general, the attorneys  general shut down one of the arbitration systems because it was so  corrupted and was throwing decisions to big corporate interests, and  you cannot really understand that unless you understand the importance  of the role of the jury in our country.   For centuries, the jury has served as a last sanctuary within our  constitutional structure for people who seek justice and fair treatment  under the law. It was designed for a specific purpose. When Big  Interests control our executive officials, as the Founding Fathers knew  they could, when lobbyists have the legislatures tied in knots, as our  Founding Fathers knew they could, and when media outlets steer public  opinion against individuals, as our Founding Fathers saw that they  could, the hard, square corners of the jury box stand firm against that  tide of influence and money.   There is a lot of history here. It was the earliest American settlers  who brought the jury to our country as precious cargo from England.   The Virginia Colony established the jury in 1624, roughly a year  before the Dutch even settled the island of Manhattan. Early Americans  created juries in 1628 in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, in 1677 in the  Colony of West New Jersey, and in 1682 in Pennsylvania. Indeed, in our  Declaration of Independence, our colonists put forward a list of  grievances and admonished King George III for--and I quote them in the  Declaration of Independence--``depriving us in many cases, of the  benefits of Trial by Jury.''   When the original Constitution was silent on the jury, Americans  sounded the alarm, and the Seventh Amendment was sent to the States in  the Bill of Rights.   Alexander Hamilton, a famous Revolutionary-era Founder, stated in  Federalist No. 83: ``The friends and adversaries in the plan of the  convention, if they agree in nothing else, concur at least in the value  they set upon the trial by jury; or, if there is any difference between  them, it consists in this: the former regard it as a valuable safeguard  to liberty; the latter represent it as the very palladium of free  government.''   Going on to the mid-19th century, when Alexis de Tocqueville wrote  his famous ``Democracy in America,'' he observed that the jury should  be understood in America as a ``political institution'' and ``one form  of the sovereignty of the people.'' What did he mean? How does the jury  protect the sovereignty of the people? Well, in two ways, as Sir  William Blackstone explained.   Sir William Blackstone was probably the most cited source in those  early days of the founding of our Republic and in the early days of the  development of our laws. Sir William Blackstone explained that trial by  jury ``preserves in the hands of the people that share which they ought  to have in the administration of public justice, and prevents the  encroachments of the more powerful and wealthy citizens.''   Those are two separate thoughts. First, the civil jury devolves a  share of government power--power which they ought to have--directly to  the people. But second and uniquely, in a Constitution otherwise  devoted to protecting the individual against the power of the State,  the civil jury is designed to protect the individual against other  individuals--more specifically, against other more powerful and wealthy  individuals.   Even former Chief Justice William Rehnquist observed about this era  that ``the Founders of our Nation considered the right of trial by jury  in civil cases an important bulwark against tyranny and corruption, a  safeguard too precious to be left to the whim of the sovereign.''   That is at heart what this fight is about. Remember Blackstone's  words: The jury ``prevents the encroachments of the more powerful and  wealthy'' citizens. That means the jury is intended to be a thorn in  the side of the powerful and wealthy. It is intended to make the  powerful and wealthy stand equal--annoyingly equal to them--before the  law with everyone else. The jury is intended to be the little branch of  government that the wealthy and powerful can't get to, can't fix, can't  control. That is why jury panels are new every time. If you had a  permanent panel of the same jurors over and over, the powerful and  wealthy would tend to influence the institution. The jury stands  against all that tide of influence. That is what it is there for. That  is how it was designed. Who is more powerful and wealthy today than  mighty corporations and big special interests? And guess what--big  corporations and special interests hate the jury. The small institution  has big enemies.   It would astound the Founding Fathers to see how far we have fallen  from the popular affection and loyalty for the jury trial in 1776.  Juries are indeed about dispute resolution and about making sure that  everybody can get a fair shake and that powerful and wealthy interests  can't put the fix in, but more than that, the civil jury helps check  power.   The American system of government is built on the premise that  divided government and separated powers--checks and balances--will best  protect individual liberty. The civil jury distributes authority of the  State directly to citizens, giving them direct power to resolve  disputes--sometimes very important disputes--and it gives them this  power in a way that makes it very hard for special interests to  control.   Well, if we look around today, the influence of wealth and power  suffuses the legislative and executive branches. Corporate lobbying and  corporate and billionaire election spending are at unprecedented  levels. In our political debate, dark money dollars drown out the  voices of average citizens in what has been called ``a tsunami of  slime,'' and all that money is not spent for nothing.   Powerful interests love a game that is rigged in their favor--always  have, always will. It is a tale as old as time. Well, rigging the game  doesn't go over well in the jury box. Special interests may seek  special influence with legislators and regulators all of the time. It  is their constant activity, licensed and regulated by lobbying and  campaign finance laws. Their every waking moment is devoted to  tampering with the legislative and executive branches, but tampering  with a jury is a crime, and it is a crime for a reason.   In a world where so many feel powerless, juries give regular citizens  real authority. In a world of fractious partisanship, juries make  citizens work together and decide together. And in a world in which  injustices pile up against barricades of well-kept indifference, a jury  can blow the status quo to smithereens. This is the vital  constitutional role of the civil jury. This is what mandatory  arbitration is designed to attack--to remove the access of regular  citizens to this institution of our government which was so important  to our Founding Fathers because it is an institution that the wealthy  and powerful cannot control. They can control mandatory arbitration.  Over and over again, it has been shown to be subject to corporate  favoritism and control. There is a reason that the big and powerful  special interests want to get rid of access to a jury and want to force  people into mandatory arbitration. They are not doing it for the sake  of having their adversaries and opponents get better access to justice;  they are doing it to shut off access to the civil jury. They want  everybody forced into rigged games.  [[Page S6748]]    We ought to be fighting to preserve and enhance the civil jury as an  element of the uniquely American system of self-government. Our  forefathers fought and bled and died to create and preserve this system  of government in which the civil jury has a vital role. From Alexander  Hamilton to Alexis de Tocqueville, to William Blackstone, to William  Rehnquist--you can go on and on in our history with people who have  pointed out the vital role of our jury. Squelching it is the task of  the wealthy and powerful, mighty corporations that seek to squelch it  and force everybody into corporate-friendly, mandatory arbitration.   We should think on this question in the long view--not who gets the  immediate benefit of not having to face trained lawyers, not having to  face people in an open forum, not having to be before a free and  independent jury. We should think of the message of our Founding  Fathers, who put the need for a civil jury right into the Declaration  of Independence, who demanded it as part of our Bill of Rights, and who  saw it as an essential element of our liberty.   With that, I yield.   I see my distinguished colleague from Maryland.    Mr. President, I was just going to ask whether my  colleague would yield for a question.   My distinguished colleague from Connecticut is an extraordinarily  experienced and able lawyer. He was U.S. attorney in Connecticut; for a  long time, he was his State's attorney general, and I think he has  argued more before the U.S. Supreme Court than perhaps anybody in  modern history now in the Senate. One of his passions and one of the  things he focused on in law enforcement was consumer protection,  bringing to justice big entities that had done wrong to consumers.   My question for him, if I may ask one, would be, are there  circumstances--do you have experience of circumstances in which very  big and powerful entities, corporations, or industries engaged in  misconduct, even fraud, in which the individual harm to each of the  consumers was not very big--a bogus $30 fee, a bogus $100 surcharge,  something like that--but multiplied by thousands or tens of thousands  of customers, it became an enormously lucrative fraud for the  institution involved? Is that a situation that happens in real life, in  your view, I ask my distinguished colleague?    If I may ask if the Senator will yield for another  question.    As I understand from the Senator's response to my  last question, if you force the victims of low-dollar but multi-victim  fraud to have arbitration as their only remedy, you are way less likely  to get consumers asserting their rights, and ultimately you may have  low-dollar, multi-consumer frauds that remain very remunerative for the  crooked outfit conducting the massive fraud.   I get the Senator's point that the incentives are such that it is  very hard for an individual consumer to be willing to pursue that  claim. If there is no way to aggregate themselves together into a class  action, then there is really no way to pursue that claim.   But my second question goes to a further point, which is that the  power of a court in a matter like that includes the power not just to  award damages but to provide other relief: to direct the company to  quit the fraud, to give orders to people to clean up their act, to  promise never to do it again, and so forth. I am not aware of any  arbitration panel that has ever been given that authority or has ever  used their limited power as arbiters or arbitrators to try to influence  the behavior of the corporation.   Is there not also a significant difference between an individual  consumer being forced to go to an often stacked arbitration panel to  pursue a claim that is so small, it is not worth their money, and the  simple power to provide the real remedy the public seeks, as the  Senator so wisely said, to protect the next consumer? It is not just  about the people who got their pockets picked, who paid their  unreasonable fee, who got defrauded; it is about stopping it so the  future consumer is protected. I am not familiar with arbitration panels  having that power.    And not infrequent in class action cases?    In conclusion, is it fair to say that the measure we  are about to vote on will indisputably have the effect of shifting  enormous power  [[Page S6754]]  from consumers to corporations that engage in high-volume but low- dollar fraud?   