 Section 9:   ``The migration or importation of such persons as any of the States  now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by  the Congress prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight,  but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten  dollars for each person.''    Mr. Chairman, our Founding Fathers intended for us to  have a limited government. If they saw what we have today, they would  be appalled. Our government has gotten huge. It is out of control, and  an alphabet soup of government agencies and unelected bureaucrats are  writing the laws. They call them regulations, but they have the effect  of laws.   I am going to disagree with my friend and colleague from Tennessee,  any power these agencies have to write regulations was delegated to  Congress. We are pulling some of that power back, back to Congress,  back to people elected by the people; in fact, to where the Founding  Fathers put it in Article I of the Constitution.   That is why I am here today, to support the REINS Act. It says that  if an agency enacts a regulation that has an economic impact of more  than $100 million, that has to come back before Congress for a positive  vote before it takes effect.   Now, quite frankly, because the Constitution vests all of the  legislative power in Congress, I think every single regulation that one  of these agencies does should have to come back before Congress, but  the REINS Act is a great start.   Throughout President Obama's administration, a flood of regulations  has put extreme pressure and burdens on American job creators and  American families. Take, for example, the EPA's waters of the U.S.  rule. It is a power grab by the EPA attempting to regulate any body of  water on a private land basically that is any bigger than a bathtub. It  goes way beyond what the Clean Water Act says they can do.   Using its new interpretation of WOTUS, the EPA has full authority to  bully land-owning American citizens like Wyoming rancher Andy Johnson  who got a permit from the State and local government to build a stock  pond so his cattle could have something to drink. Well, guess what, the  EPA said, nope. They came in after the fact and said: if you don't take  that out, we are going to hit you with $37,500 a day in fines. Finally,  after drawn-out litigation, the EPA was slapped back and Johnson's $16  million in fines was erased.   This is just one of the many examples of the huge power grab these  Federal agencies are doing.   We need people who are elected and answerable to the American people  writing the laws, not unelected bureaucrats. That is why we need the  REINS Act, and that is why we need to restore the constitutional power  granted to this body in Article I. The REINS Act is a great start, and  I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it.   Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, my friend from Texas cites Article I giving the  legislative branch authority to make the laws, and no one can argue  with that. However, I would point out that Article II, section 3  imposes upon the President, the executive, the obligation to take care  that the laws are faithfully executed, and so rulemaking comes up under  that authority, that constitutional authority. So what we have is a  move by the legislative branch to intrude upon and to indeed regulate.  And certainly we have that power to do so. But is it wise? Is it  prudent? Or does it simply positively impact our campaign contributors,  the people who put money into our campaigns? Is that the sole reason  why we are doing this?    We need to give care and thought into what we are doing here in  Congress in this House of Representatives even though one party has all  of the power now. They have the majority in the House, they have the  majority in the Senate, and they have an incoming President. It doesn't  mean they should go off the rails with a philosophy that is not in  keeping with where the American people are.   I would point out to them that there is no mandate that they have,  even though they do have control of the legislative branch and the  executive branch of government and they have held up, what some say  actually stolen an appointment for the U.S. Supreme Court that  President Obama was placed in a position to make last February upon the  untimely demise of Justice Scalia. So since February, the U.S. Supreme  Court has had to suffer through politics being played by the  legislative branch in not confirming a presidential appointee, and now  they have the opportunity to make that appointment under these  conditions.   Even though they have played loose and fancy with the protections of  the Constitution and with the well-being of the American people and  indeed our Republic by playing these political games, I would ask my  friends on the other side of the aisle to stop and think about what  they are doing and the ramifications of it. Even though you want to get  at the EPA to make it easier for oil companies to pollute our  environment without regulations to prevent it from happening, is that  good for our Nation? Is it good for our children? Is it good for our  elderly? How does it leave us with regard to asthma rates which have  continued to skyrocket in this country? Do you want to gut the Dodd- Frank Wall Street reform to put us back in the situation where people  are losing their homes and banks are being bailed out because they have  become too fat to fail? Do we want to put ourselves back in that  position again? Well, if we do then we will pass regulations like this  one, the so-called REINS Act.   I reserve the balance of my time.   