 Mr. President, I rise today to address President Trump's  proposed budget for fiscal year 2018. My predecessor in this seat, my  friend, former Vice President Joe Biden, once said to me years ago:  Show me your budget and I will show you your values.   One of my concerns about the proposal we have received--the initial  slimmed-down overview proposal we have received--is that it suggests  values that I think are quite out of line with what my home State of  Delaware would look for me to be doing in this body, what I think  addresses the real needs and priorities of the American people.   Last month President Trump released an overview of his budget--what  is called a skinny budget--and we haven't yet received a full and  detailed budget proposal. Even though what we have received is just an  overview, it indicates that the cuts President Trump is proposing will  significantly weaken vital domestic programs, often with the goal of  completely eliminating existing and valued initiatives.   This chart gives a rough summary of all the different Federal  agencies that would take double-digit hits in order to be able to pay  for the significant $54 billion increase to defense spending. Targeting  only nondefense programs that millions of Americans and Delawareans  rely on ignores commitments made over the last couple of budget cycles  and years, as Republicans and Democrats have worked together to ensure  placing equal priority on defense and nondefense spending.   Under sequestration, under the Budget Control Act, we have already  made significant cuts to important domestic programs. After the  difficult budgets of the last few years, in my view, we have already  made too many cuts to some of the programs that helped build our  Nation.   To be clear, I am as passionate as anyone in this body about  supporting our Armed Forces, particularly when they are in harm's way  and particularly as we continue to conduct operations against ISIS in  Iraq and Syria.  [[Page S2514]]  But Democrats will not stand for cutting domestic programs simply to  pay for a $54 billion military expansion that hasn't been explained or  justified through a thorough review of what are the appropriate  investments in defense that will respond to the challenges and threats  we face in this world.   To pay for that $54 billion increase in defense by cutting  investments in education, housing, job training, and more here at home  strikes me as the wrong set of priorities and the wrong direction. If  anything like these proposed Trump budget cuts are enacted, I know my  home State of Delaware would lose millions and millions of dollars for  valuable and effective Federal programs that help my constituents each  and every day. Trump's budget proposal would cut research and health  programs. It would cut job-creating infrastructure programs. It would  cut grants for higher education. It would cut housing and so much more.   I wish to take a few minutes to focus on a few of many proposed  budget cuts to give a sense of the impact it might have on our  livelihood, our security, and our prosperity at home. Let me start with  some cuts that would directly affect our national security, our safety.   In my view, the deep cuts made in the proposed Trump budget would  simply make us less safe. For example, the U.S. Coast Guard, which has  a station in Delaware, would be cut by more than $1.3 billion. The  Transportation Security Administration, or TSA, has just as high a cut.  Ironically, even though these are the very agencies that protect our  ports and other points of entry, Trump proposes cutting their funding  so that a southern border wall can be built for an estimate well above  $25 billion. This simply makes no sense. If you listen to the words of  the Coast Guard Commandant, ADM Paul Zukunft, he warned that simply  focusing all those resources on building a wall along the border with  Mexico would make our ports and waterways even more appealing to  smugglers and those who seek to bring illicit drugs or to bring people  into the United States through unlawful entry.   That is not all. The Trump budget would make us less safe by  depleting Federal protection from natural disasters, starting with a  proposed $600 million cut to FEMA State and local grants. The budget  also proposes restructuring fees for the National Flood Insurance  Program, which would lead to raising rates for homeowners who get flood  insurance.   My home State of Delaware is the lowest mean elevation State in  America--literally the lowest lying State and ground zero for sea level  rise. These cuts would have a significant impact on homeowners up and  down my State, those at our seashore and those in my home community of  Wilmington who face steadily rising flood insurance premiums.   It is not just our safety, though, that would be impacted by the  President's budget; it also threatens job growth and economic security.  As a President who ran a campaign on a middle-class jobs agenda, I am  struck that his proposed budget would endanger Americans across the  country financially by also undermining support for development in both  rural areas and urban areas. Take the Department of Agriculture, which  provides critical support through the Rural Development Program. In  Delaware, at least, Rural Development, or RDA, has played a critical  role in supporting housing, businesses, and communities in the rural  parts of Delmarva--Delaware and Maryland.   The Trump budget would also eliminate the Rural Business-Cooperative  Service, or RBS, which promotes economic development in distressed  rural areas. That is a program which has supported things like Del Tech  automotive technician training and architectural services for the  Seaford Historical Society, among many other things.   Something I am much more familiar with and more passionate about is  the Manufacturing Extension Partnership. Across the State of Delaware,  the MEP, as it is known, has helped small and medium manufacturing  companies to be better at taking advantage of cutting-edge technology,  understanding how to manage their inventory, how to invest more wisely  in new capital equipment, and how to grow and compete around the world.   Since 2000, Delaware's Manufacturing Extension Partnership Program  has used Federal support to help Delaware manufacturers increase sales  by more than $120 million, helping create more than 1,600 good-paying  jobs and finding over $100 million in cost savings in Delaware's small  and medium manufacturers. These are great impacts for a fairly small  program. Why that program specifically targeted at helping small and  medium manufacturing companies would be a priority for elimination is  beyond me.   Cuts to other areas that impact research and energy in our economy  also strike me as unwise and ill-considered. It is not just our economy  and national security; Trump's budget would also threaten our  infrastructure, our transportation, and our housing.   As a Delawarean and someone who rides Amtrak between Wilmington and  Washington almost every day we are in session, I know how important our  passenger rail system is for the Northeast, as well as for connecting  the rest of our country. Amtrak's long-distance routes are critically  important to the Nation's economy and to sustaining passenger rail as a  nationwide Federal service. Yet, as our competitors around the world  are investing billions of dollars in high-speed rail and in efficient  rail networks that connect whole countries, President Trump's proposal  would eliminate all Federal funding for Amtrak's long-distance routes.   Another effective Federal program that has made a difference in my  home State in infrastructure is the so-called TIGER Program, which  invests in a whole range of infrastructure options--highway, transit,  rail and port--by leveraging private capital and supporting  competitive, innovative solutions to infrastructure challenges. The  TIGER Program has supported projects like a new regional rail  transportation center at the University of Delaware, taking advantage  of the former Chrysler rail yard, and the significant new growth we are  seeing at the University of Delaware's STAR campus. This is an  investment that will have several multiples that will leverage private  sector benefits by promoting economic development, accessible housing,  and multimobile transportation choices in the area.   Many of my colleagues have similar experiences in their States about  the impact of the TIGER Grant Program. In the last year, it had a  demand nearly 20 times the available funding. Yet the Trump budget  would again eliminate all Federal funding to this vital transportation  infrastructure program that creates jobs and helps to leverage private  sector investment.   There are so many other programs on the chopping block, it is hard to  even begin to touch on them: Community Development Block Grants, which  I relied on in my previous job as county executive to provide support  for low-income and disabled individuals to have access to high quality  housing; the funds that support things like Meals on Wheels, that allow  our low-income seniors to age in place rather than having to be moved  to institutions; and many other programs through the Federal Department  of Housing that have a positive impact in communities up and down my  State, from Newark and Wilmington to Dover and Seaford.   If you take the U.S. Department of Agriculture's rural water and  wastewater loan and grant programs, these would be eliminated entirely.  These programs are critical to ensuring that rural communities can  access funds to support safe drinking water and sewer systems. Many  communities in Southern Delaware rely on rural water funds to ensure  safe drinking water supplies for the families that live there. As I  have suggested, the list of potential cuts to programs goes on and on.   Let me move to some impacts on the environment, briefly. The  Chesapeake Bay is one of the world's largest estuary systems, and  Delaware is a State that borders on the Chesapeake Bay watershed.  Economists insist that there is nearly $1 trillion worth of economic  value to the Chesapeake Bay watershed, yet the Trump budget cuts nearly  half of the funding for the EPA to allow States to get grants that will  help improve air quality, clean up contaminated waste sites, and remove  lead from drinking water. Delaware alone would lose $3 million in these  vital initiatives.   There are millions of Americans who rely on many more programs listed  [[Page S2515]]  here--AmeriCorps, Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program,  Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the African Development  Foundation, and many more--all eliminated in this budget in order to  prioritize a focus on our military and defense.   I don't think the President understands that we cannot maintain our  status as a global leader with defense and military alone. We need to  ensure that a complementary strength exists in our development and  diplomacy programs, which are less than one-tenth of our spending on  national defense.   I recently had the opportunity to see the impact that USAID and our  programs to assist the hungry and needy around the world can make in  stabilizing fragile states and preventing them from becoming failed  states. We spent less than one percent of the Federal budget on these  sorts of programs. They provide a critical connection to parts of the  world where a positive understanding of America and our values would be  a good thing.   The international affairs budget, which includes needed funding for  USAID, the State Department, and other related programs, would be cut  by one-third under the Trump budget--a 29 percent cut to the State  Department alone.   If history is any indicator, the last 70 years show these investments  in diplomacy and development are critical. Foreign assistance is not  charity. It serves a humanitarian purpose, but it also makes us  stronger by promoting American values around the world, building  coalitions that isolate our adversaries, and helping make tens of  millions less susceptible to terrorism and to extremism around the  world.   This is a false choice between significantly increasing our defense  spending and the need to sustain our investments in diplomacy and  development. I hope my colleagues and constituents will take time to  think about the many different Federal programs that I have briefly  discussed in these remarks about the proposed budget and all the  different ways that these Federal programs have invested in our quality  of life, in our national security, and our economic prosperity. Many of  them are scheduled for elimination under this budget.   As I have heard both Republicans and Democrats say in press  interviews and on this floor: No President's budget is adopted without  change. It is my hope that this budget will be set aside and that the  folks who represent our States here will begin anew the process of  building an appropriations path forward that actually protects our  country, protects our livelihood, and invests significantly in  sustaining and saving the very best of these programs that have  benefited my home State and my constituents for so very long.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Louisiana.   