 Mr. President, I also take to the floor to talk about  healthcare. I appreciate my colleagues who are here, earnestly pleading  with all of our colleagues to be about a process--Democrats and  Republicans and the committee process that we have in the Senate--that  does the work that we are supposed to be doing, which is listening to  the American public and improving our healthcare system.   Let me tell you about my first meeting of the day. It was an amazing  one. I had a mom, Rebecca, and her 5-year-old daughter, Charlie, in my  office. They had asked for the opportunity to meet with me to talk  about healthcare. Here is their story.   Charlie is just about 5 years old. She starts kindergarten in the  Charlottesville public schools in September. She was born at 26 weeks,  or about 14 weeks early. She weighed 1 pound and 11 ounces at birth.  She went through the NICU and had great care. When she was released to  go home, the doctors thought she would be fine, but within a couple of  months, it was pretty clear that she had some significant challenges as  she has the diagnosis of cerebral palsy, and she gets 80 percent of her  food through a feeding tube. This family has many, many needs.   Charlie, from a cognitive standpoint, is very, very sharp and is  excited about starting school, but she has significant needs. Her  mother Rebecca said that Charlie is like the case study for why a  repeal of the ACA would be a disaster. Charlie has a preexisting  condition because of the CP and her challenges. Charlie has already hit  all of the lifetime caps that would have rendered her unable to get  insurance pre-ACA.   In the hospital, because of her dramatically low birth weight,  Charlie was the recipient of Medicaid funds that would be cut under the  current bill. Charlie is currently the recipient of a Medicaid waiver,  which will help her afford supplies for her feeding tube. When she  starts kindergarten in the Charlottesville public schools, Charlie will  be given an individualized education plan under the Individuals with  Disabilities Education Act, and some of those expenses are being  compensated by Medicaid.   The preexisting condition, lifetime caps, and Medicaid cuts all  affect this dynamic, young 5-year-old, who is as entitled as any of us  to try to be all she can be. If we persist on the path that we are on  now with regard to the bill that is being proposed, we will hurt  families like these, and we do not need to do that. Instead, we can  help them.   Before the passage of the Affordable Care Act, we know that  Americans, like Charlie, who had preexisting conditions faced unfair  barriers to accessing health coverage. There are challenges that we  need to fix, but let's celebrate a few things. Since 2010, the rate of  uninsured Americans has declined to a historic low. More than 20  million people have gained access and have healthcare coverage--many  for the first time in their lives. Another statistic that is  interesting is that the number of bankruptcies in our Nation has been  cut in half. Pre-ACA, medical costs had driven up bankruptcies, but the  ACA has brought the bankruptcy rate down. We have to move forward to  make healthcare stronger, not to destroy it.   The Republican bill that is being discussed right now, because of its  reductions of coverage, slashing Medicaid, and increases to premiums  for seniors, would make the matter worse. The proposed amendment by the  Senators from Texas and Utah has led insurance companies to come out  and say that this will create a two-tiered system that will punish  those with preexisting conditions. The latest plan, which was discussed  this morning by the majority leader, would just be a straight repeal of  the Affordable Care Act with a promise that we would fix it in a couple  of years. It has been scored by the CBO, and the CBO says that it would  cause 32 million Americans to lose their coverage and would  dramatically increase premiums. Yet we do need to find improvements,  and we should be working on that together.   There have been some actions taken by this administration that have  compounded challenges. In January, the President signed an Executive  order that directed relevant agencies not to enforce key elements of  the Affordable Care Act. They terminated components of outreach and  enrollment spending. The administration has also threatened to end  cost-sharing reduction payments. These actions and additional inactions  have created such uncertainty in the individual marketplace that rates  have been unstable, and, in some areas, companies are not writing  individual policies. The amendment I discussed earlier, from the  Senators from Texas and Utah, would make these problems even worse.   There is a better way. There is a way forward, and I am here to just  briefly reference a bill that Senator Carper and I have put on the  table that we think will do a good job and should have strong  bipartisan support. It is the Individual Health Insurance Marketplace  Improvement Act.   One of the ways to address uncertainty in the individual market is to  establish a permanent reinsurance program that will stabilize premiums  and will give insurance companies some stability so that they can stay  in markets, but it will also enable those companies to write premiums  at an average level and not have to take into account the high-cost  claims. We think it could reduce premiums dramatically all over the  country.   Now, the idea of reinsurance should not be controversial. We use it  in other  [[Page S4034]]  programs--flood insurance, crop insurance, and Medicare Part D. A key  part of Medicare that was achieved under the Bush administration  includes a reinsurance provision. The Affordable Care Act had a  reinsurance in its first 3 years, but it expired. That reinsurance  helped to maintain stable premiums. This is an idea that is not a  Democratic idea. It is an idea that is tested.   Senator Carper and I introduced the bill to the Senators on the  Finance Committee. I am on the HELP Committee. We are just waiting for  the opportunity to be able to present it and get a hearing for it. We  ought to be able to work together on reinsurance, on the cost-sharing  guarantees that Senator Shaheen has proposed, and on a variety of other  ideas. Senators Cassidy and Collins have a bill in that uses auto  enrollment, which is an interesting concept that we should be tackling.   I am just going to conclude and tell you how naive I am.   I was a mayor and a Governor before I got here to the Senate. When  you are a mayor and a Governor, what you know is education and  healthcare. We have a Governor here and a Governor here and a Governor  here. We have four former Governors who are sitting on the floor. What  you know is education, which was your biggest line item, and your  second biggest line item is Medicaid--healthcare. I tried to get on the  committee when I got to the Senate, and I was not put on the committee.  I was very disappointed. For 4 years I tried to get on the HELP  Committee. I got on it on January 3. I was so excited. Finally, I am  working on something that I know about.   I got a group together of 13 Democratic Senators. Within 48 hours of  getting on that committee, on January 5, I wrote a letter to my  committee chair, Senator Alexander, a great committee chair, as well as  to the Finance chair, Senator Hatch, and to the majority leader,  Senator McConnell: If you want to fix healthcare, we are here to sit  down with you right now and fix it. I was naive enough to think that,  because I was on the HELP Committee, I might be included in a  discussion about healthcare. We have had hearings in our committee-- many hearings--on nominees, on pensions, on higher ed, on the FDA, but  there has been one taboo topic on the HELP Committee since I got on it  in January. We are not allowed to have a hearing about healthcare. We  haven't had a hearing about the House bill. We haven't had a hearing  about Senate proposals. We are being told that we are not going to have  a hearing, that we are just going to rush whatever we do to the floor  either on a House proposal, a Senate proposal, or a Senate repeal. We  are going to completely skip the committee.   Now, you know a little bit about this committee. We have a doctor on  the committee, Senator Cassidy from Louisiana. Our chair of the  committee, Senator Alexander, was a Governor. He had a Medicaid  Program. He was the president of the University of Tennessee. He had a  hospital. He had a medical school. He had physician practice groups.  There are people on the HELP Committee who know something about  healthcare. There are people on the Finance Committee, which covers  Medicaid and Medicare, who know something about healthcare, but we have  not been allowed to have a hearing about this. When you have a hearing,  you bring people up to the witness table, patients like Charlie, who  was in my office this morning, and doctors and hospitals. You ask them  what works, what doesn't work, and what can be fixed. We haven't had  the opportunity to hear from folks.    So why wouldn't we do exactly what Senator McCain said yesterday?  Senator McCain said: We have gone about this the wrong way. We should  be the U.S. Senate. We should take advantage of the Senate procedures  and the expertise on the Senate committees, including staff expertise,  and we should assign these various bills to the relevant committees and  have hearings and then come forward with a proposal that will actually  improve healthcare for this country.   I am completely confident that if we let the committees do the work  they are supposed to do, we will find improvements that can get  bipartisan support and that will help Virginians and help Americans.  That doesn't seem too much to ask. I hope my colleagues will consider  that, and I hope we will be engaged in those discussions soon.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Delaware.   