 Mr. Speaker, I want to deal with two  things quickly in my 2 minutes. I want to deal with the CFPB's  directorship, but let me start with clarifying a few things.   First of all, manufactured housing is the cornerstone of affordable  housing in this country. Nobody argues that. Manufactured housing is in  every State in this Union. In my State of Georgia, it accounts for 12  percent of all the affordable housing units. In some States, it is even  higher than that.   I just simply want to clarify why I support the bill. It is because  of two things:   One, it is because of the devastating Federal regulations that are on  it for these hundreds of thousands and millions of customers. What it  is doing is making the American people unable to purchase manufactured  housing. I think we have to look at that.   It is also eroding the home values of existing owners of manufactured  housing.   Our bill simply moves to correct it by doing three things: we just  simply do some technical clarifications to the definition of ``mortgage  originator,'' ``loan originator,'' and ``high-cost mortgage.''   Let me just say this. I was an original sponsor of Dodd-Frank. What  we put in there, we made sure that mortgage protection and Dodd-Frank  is protected in here, including anybody steering anybody into any kind  of loans with predatory implications. So all that is in there.   This is a great debate. There are two sides to it. But when you look  at it, it is the millions of Americans who are suffering from the  inability to get the mobile homes, the inability to keep them, and all  we are doing is simply making these minor adjustments.     I do want to clarify about the CFPB  Director, and I want the American people to listen to me.   In section 1011 of Dodd-Frank, paragraph 5, it states this: the  Deputy Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Board shall be  appointed by the Director and serve as acting Director in the absence  or unavailability of the Director.   We wrote this. This is the law. We must abide by it.   