 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the distinguished  ranking member, Mr. Engel.   Mr. Speaker, today, this House comes together on a bipartisan basis  to address sanctions and the rules on the girding sanctions for North  Korea, Iran, and, most importantly perhaps, Russia. Importantly,  because there has been a lot of doubt about whether this Congress would  ever again speak eloquently and forcefully about Russian behavior.   Today, we answer that question. Overwhelmingly, we say Russia's  behavior is unacceptable in many ways, not least of which is the  incursion of sovereign territory of its neighbors, specifically  Georgia, Ukraine, including Crimea.   I vote easily and enthusiastically for the resolution today, but it  must not be construed, because it references the Minsk agreement, that  that means that we don't mean to continue sanctions on the Crimean  invasion. We do.   Mr. Chabot and I, and I know the chairman and the ranking member of  our committee, will continue to be vigilant on that until that illegal  annexation is ended.   Mr. Speaker, I commend the leadership for bringing this resolution to  the floor, and I am proud today to be a Member of this body and  speaking with one voice about Russian behavior and the need for  sanctioning it.   Mr. Speaker, this Congress does not trust the President of the United  States to manage U.S.-Russia relations.   Case in point--the first major legislative accomplishment of the  Republican-led Congress in the Trump era will be a sanctions package  [[Page H6266]]  that limits, in every imaginable way, the president's ability to  appease Putin.   President Trump and his administration have given the American public  little reason to trust them on all things Russia.   The President obstructed justice by firing FBI Director James Comey,  the law enforcement officer tasked with investigating illegal collusion  between the Trump campaign and Russia.   Attorney General Jeff Sessions potentially perjured himself by  failing to disclose secret meetings with the Russian Ambassador.   Donald Trump, Jr. obscured a meeting he had with the Trump campaign's  chairman, the president's son-in-law, and Russian operatives until the  New York Times forced his hand and he had to publish emails that  confirmed his collusion with individuals associated with Russian  intelligence operations.   And now the president is attempting to intimidate his own Attorney  General into prosecuting political opponents and upending the Russia  investigation.   Today, we will pass this sanctions package, the strongest ever, and  send a clear message to President Putin that there are consequences to  invading peaceful neighbors and attacking American democratic  institutions.   I reserve an important objection to the fact that this bill allows a  waiver of Crimea-related sanctions on the condition that the Minsk  agreement is being implemented.   Minsk does not mention Crimea, and therefore its implementation  should have no bearing on the U.S.-led effort to combat the illegal and  forcible annexation of Crimea sovereign Ukrainian territory.   However, I will vote for this bill because it sends a powerful and  unified message to Russia, Iran, and North Korea at time when the  foreign policy emanating from the White House is unsteady and confused.   