 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from the  Virgin Islands (Ms. Plaskett) for leading this Special Order and for  the outstanding work that she has done as her island, the U.S. Virgin  Islands, recovers from two devastating hurricanes.   Being from New Orleans, I understand what two twin hurricanes can do.  Hurricanes Katrina and Rita ravaged our city, our State, along with  Mississippi, Texas, and the Gulf Coast. To be very candid, the people  of the Virgin Islands, unfortunately, are doing this too much on their  own.   Part of what makes America exceptional, part of what makes us the  greatest country in the world is that when we find our citizens in a  vulnerable position, through no fault of their own, we come in as a  government and we help. When you look at the Virgin Islands and the  fact that the damage they have received is more than their capacity to  rebuild, and it is through no fault of their own, it is Mother Nature.  It is an act of God.   Some would say it is global warming and climate change, but it  doesn't matter what caused it. What matters is the United States'  response to how we fix it. So when we start talking about our response  to the Virgin Islands, it is a great segue into Haiti and temporary  protective status.  [[Page H8514]]    It was that 2010 earthquake that rendered Haiti in a position where  they could no longer safely and adequately care for their citizens, and  we allowed them to have temporary protective status in the United  States. On May 24 of this year, the Department of Homeland Security  redesignated Haiti for 6 months of temporary protective status rather  than 18 months that the Government of Haiti, Haiti experts from the  United States, the Congressional Black Caucus, and others requested.   The fact is, the DHS designation didn't reflect any of the reality on  the ground. In fact, it ignored that there is great food scarcity, and  it ignored the ongoing challenges posed by the unprecedented  earthquake.   We sent a letter November 3 asking once again to fully extend Haiti's  TPS designation for another 18 months. However, time and time again,  unfortunately, it appears that this administration, through all of the  rhetoric, has an inability to do right when right is needed, especially  when we talk about vulnerable populations, especially when we talk  about immigrants. It is too easy for this administration to turn a  blind eye and ignore real-life needs.   Now, there are some out there who could argue: Is this America's  issue?   I would argue that it is absolutely America's issue.   First of all, not extending the TPS will have drastic consequences  for the United States' economy. That is why the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce, national security experts, and the Catholic bishops have all  come out in support of extending this vital program, because they know  that these nations are in no condition to receive the 300,000 people  that will be returned to them.    They understand the public health crisis and the destabilization of  the new government. In El Salvador and Honduras, the return of 250,000  people would strain government services and lead to job displacement in  countries besieged by violence, drug trafficking, and weak  institutions.   So let me just clear it up for a lot of Americans sitting at home and  asking: Well, why does this affect us?   Thirty percent of TPS recipients are homeowners in the United States.  So just think about the consequences of simultaneously dumping 60,000  mortgages on the U.S. housing market. Think about 13,000 mortgages in  Texas, 5,000 mortgages in Florida, 4,100 in Virginia. The mass  deportation alone will cost the taxpayers of this country more than $3  billion.   Oftentimes, we find ourselves in this place, in this body arguing  about the fiscal argument of things and talking about how it would  affect our economy--which I just did--talking about how it would hurt  the U.S. market in foreclosures and mortgages, and we give all of these  examples of how this could bankrupt the United States.   The bigger concern we have, and that this administration should have,  is that this country is on the fast track to moral bankruptcy because  we do not stand up when we are supposed to; we don't call out wrong  when we see it; and, too often, we turn our backs to injustice. That is  not what this country is about. That is not what made this country  great. So with that, I would just say that it is time for this country,  this Congress, this administration, to do what is right simply because  it is the right thing to do.   It just so happens that the right thing to do this time has extreme  economic benefits that go along with it. Tonight, you are going to hear  from a number of our remarkable Congressional Black Caucus members who  don't just advocate for Black people. We advocate for people all across  this country who are oftentimes voiceless, who can't afford lobbyists,  who don't influence government, but people who just wake up every day,  go to work, put food on their table, provide for their kids, and hope  for a better future for their families. They hope that their parents  can live out their lives with dignity and respect. They hope that their  immediate family--that they can provide for their kids, and their kids  can reach their wildest dreams.   That is the American Dream. That is what we fight for. It is such a  great privilege to be the chair of that Caucus. You will see in the  next couple of seconds the talent and the passion of which this Caucus  fights for, which is why I am so proud and humbled to lead this Caucus  during this Congress.   