 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  702, the Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2017, as amended.   I thank all of the bill's co-sponsors, including Representatives  Norton, Sensenbrenner and Jackson Lee, for working with me on this  measure and for their commitment to strengthening federal Equal  Employment Opportunity (EEO) programs.   I also thank Tanya Ward Jordan, Paulette Taylor, and all the members  of the Coalition 4 Change (C4C) for their years of work on this measure  and their perseverance.   H.R. 702 is essentially identical to H.R. 1557, which was considered  in the last Congress. That legislation passed the House by a vote of  403-0. However, the bill did not pass the Senate before the end of the  114th Congress. I am hopeful that this year, we can finally get this  measure over the finish line and to the President's desk for signature.   I authored H.R. 702 to make long-overdue reforms of federal EEO  programs to ensure that they are better able to protect the rights of  federal employees and applicants for federal employment.   Federal EEO programs exist to uphold the guarantee of equal  opportunity that is the right of every citizen in this nation and to  ensure that any barriers impeding fairness in personnel decisions are  identified and eliminated.   While the vast majority of federal workplaces comply with current EEO  requirements, some federal agencies still have not met the standards of  a model EEO program set forth by the Equal Employment Opportunity  Commission (EEOC).   For example, in 2014, the EEOC issued a report on the Social Security  Administration (SSA) that made 12 findings regarding SSA's failure to  maintain a model EEOC program, ensure efficient management of the  complaint process, provide uniform training to ensure equal  opportunities, and implement effective and efficient anti-harassment  policies and procedures.   The EEOC made more than 60 recommendations for reform of that one  program alone.   Last year, bi-partisan investigations conducted by the Committee on  Oversight and Government Reform of the National Park Service and the  U.S. Forest Service found significant deficiencies in both agencies'  EEO programs.   At both agencies, employees suffered when their complaints of  discrimination were not handled in a fair and timely manner. Employees  were also harmed by agencies' failure to safeguard complainants'  personal information.   To help end these failings, my bill would require that EEO programs  operate independently of an agency's human resources or general counsel  offices--and that the head of the program reports directly to the head  of an agency. This would ensure that effective implementation of the  EEO program is prioritized at the highest level of an agency--and that  it operates with the sole purpose of ensuring equal opportunity for all  employees.   H.R. 702 would also strengthen the accountability mechanisms that are  central to the effectiveness of the EEO process.   Further, H.R. 702 would make clear that agencies cannot impose any  nondisclosure agreement on federal employees to prohibit employees from  disclosing fraud or illegal actions to Congress, the Office of Special  Counsel (OSC), or an Inspector General.   According to the 2014 Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey, only 60  percent of federal employees agreed that they could, quote, ``disclose  a suspected violation of any law, rule or regulation without fear of  reprisal.''   The Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act would help ensure that  federal employees can report discrimination without suffering  retaliation--and that such reports will be thoroughly and fairly  investigated and adjudicated in a timely manner.   Finally, as I close, I want to address some of the issues that arose  during consideration of this measure in the Senate Homeland Security  Committee last year.   I want to be crystal clear that I believe that supervisors who engage  in discriminatory or retaliatory action must be held accountable.   However, this can be accomplished without curtailing any existing due  process rights for federal employees and I will continue to oppose all  efforts to roll back any due process right.   I urge all Members to support H.R. 702, and I hope that in this  Congress, we can finally enact this measure into law.   