 Mr. President, I introduced the Senate's first strong net  neutrality bill back in 2006. I rise today to give my strongest  possible condemnation of what the Federal Communications Commission's  head, Mr. Pai, is seeking to do, which is to roll back protections that  ensure a truly free and open internet for our people.   This is a handout. It is a holiday gift to a collection of giant  internet companies to increase their profits at the expense of the  consumer.   Before I actually begin my remarks, I see Senator Franken is on the  floor, as well. I would like the public to know how important his  leadership has been on these issues. He and I have partnered on these  issues ever since he came to the Senate. He was on the key committee,  the Judiciary Committee. He has been a go-to figure in a key spot on  this issue.   I want to continue this discussion after Senator Warren's terrific  presentation. I know my colleague is going to speak on this, as well.   I want the public to know that Senator Franken has made a big  difference for the consumer on these issues. Those  [[Page S7988]]  of us who have been toiling in these precincts are very appreciative of  what he has done.   I want people to understand what net neutrality is, because Senator  Franken and I have talked about this over the years. I think there is a  little confusion over what it is. Net neutrality means that after you  pay your internet access fee, you get to go where you want, when you  want, and how you want. It is the essence of ensuring that everybody  gets a fair shake, that all bits are created equal. It is the  foundation of what has kept the internet free and open.   Before I get into my prepared remarks, I want people to understand  what happens if you don't have net neutrality. If you don't have net  neutrality, in effect, big companies can manipulate who is going to win  and who is going to lose in the marketplace. They will continue to  manipulate who wins and who loses until and after we get fewer services  and the consumer gets higher prices. So this is not some kind of  abstract discussion.   Let me flesh out some of these remarks for a few minutes because I  know my colleagues have been waiting, as well.   Since the origins of the internet, the defining feature has been that  all information--all bits, as we know it--gets the same fair shake. If  you are a big company or a mom-and-pop ice cream shop with a website,  your content gets to everybody's home at the same speed. That is what  net neutrality is all about. Net neutrality keeps internet service  providers from favoring one type of content over another.   The market has changed since 2006 because the market for access to  the internet has changed. Where once there were legions of dial-up  providers and DSL resellers, we were seeing a few monopolies and  duopolies dominating neighborhoods across the country. With their power  to dictate where you could go and what you could see on the net, they  had and continue to have the power to suppress those sites and those  services that you would have chosen yourself in a free marketplace,  driving them out of business.   Again, to lay out what this means for people who are following this,  that means that instead of Netflix, YouTube, or Amazon, you could be  forced to get your video content from something called go90, whatever  the heck that is. It certainly isn't a service that has been able to  compete in a free internet market. But all that changes when Verizon  can charge you more to get to YouTube or Facebook than it costs to  reach their own service.   Without strong net neutrality protections, AT&T might provide--and we  always put it in quotes--``free data'' for customers streaming  HBO. That is pretty good if you watch HBO, but without net neutrality,  it could starve other creators and subscribers necessary to survive,  until soon enough, as Senator Franken has pointed out in some of our  discussions, free data is gone. That is it. Free data goes away, and  the American consumer--which is my fear when you think about what it  really means to somebody sitting in Minnesota at home, and I see my  colleague Senator Merkley from Oregon as well. The free data goes away  under what I described, and the consumer at home in Minnesota or Oregon  is stuck with few choices at higher prices than they have today. That  is what the loss of net neutrality means.    I care deeply, as my colleagues do, about innovation and startups and  small businesses. Senator Warren was eloquent on this point. There are  going to be a lot of people who aren't a startup. They are going to  ask: What does it mean to me? What it means--I have just walked people  through an example--is, that typical person is going to be stuck with  fewer choices at higher prices.   Two years ago, Tom Wheeler, then the head of the Federal  Communications Commission, put in place a strong framework, something  with teeth that was enforceable, called title II of the Communications  Act, to make sure the government, the FCC, had the tools to protect net  neutrality.   Chairman Wheeler, like Chairman Pai, worked for industry for much of  his career in Washington, but rather than serve his former employers,  Tom Wheeler said: I am going to use my experience working in the  private sector, my experience in how companies operate, to design and  implement constructive and effective consumer protections. What a  contrast between the two Chairs of the Federal Communications  Commission. Both of them are from industry. Both of them did well in  industry. We consider it a good thing in America that we have a  prospering private economy. Tom Wheeler used it and that expertise to  help the public. That is not what we are seeing today.   There isn't any need to fix what isn't broken. There are strong net  neutrality protections in place right now. Since the 2015 rules went  into place, our economy has grown up around this leading principle of  equal access to information and customers.   The day before Thanksgiving, Chairman Pai released his proposal to  strike down the 2015 rules that ensure real net neutrality but also  prevent States from introducing their own approach to net neutrality.   Rather than listening to the millions of voices who spoke up on  behalf of real net neutrality and against this proposal to allow pay- for-play or what I really call--I say to the Senator from Minnesota--a  trickle-down telecommunications policy, which is to just let the big  guys make as much money as they want, and maybe something eventually  trickles down to rural Minnesota or rural Oregon.   Chairman Pai is going to keep pushing pay-for-play and is expected to  ignore the will of the public and demolish net neutrality rules.   The first key vote is tomorrow, December 14. What I have been doing  is spending a good chunk of my waking hours--obviously, we have the tax  issue, which is enormously important. This is enormously important,  too, to tell the American people this is a time to make their voices  heard. My message to the American people on net neutrality is to get  loud. This debate is far from over.   We know Chairman Pai plays a strong hand tomorrow--there is no  question about that--but then it goes to the courts. Some of our  colleagues are looking at approaches here on the floor. I want, as much  as anything, to make sure the American people know we understand-- Senator Franken and Senator Merkley--that political change doesn't  start in government buildings in Washington, DC, and trickle down is  bottoms up. If ever there was an issue for bottoms up, it is net  neutrality.   Not only are the majority of Americans opposed to Chairman Pai's  proposal, many of the comments solicited for input are fake. These fake  comments have been attributed to bots and false identities or linked to  Russian IP addresses.   Any argument that this agency, the Federal Communications Commission,  has a transparent process with comments from the American people is not  true. This is not government for the people. This is government for the  special interests.   Just a couple of other points, and let me wrap this up so my  colleagues can have the floor.   Chairman Pai has been out there arguing falsely, in my view, that  without title II protections, Big Cable will make more money and use  those profits to invest in infrastructure. This is what I call the  trickle-down theory about telecommunications.   First of all, the existing regime was called title II--tough rules.  It has not been a roadblock in investment and broadband. In fact, cable  giants have continued to invest in broadband infrastructure even when  strong net neutrality protections were put in place in 2015.    Publicly available documents show that investment by internet service  providers was 5 percent higher during the 2 years after strong net  neutrality rules were adopted than for the 2 years prior. Comcast, for  example, has increased its investment by 25 percent since 2013.   Big Cable, in their own statements, show that none of the major  internet service providers told their investors that net neutrality  protections negatively impact their investments. That is based on  publicly verifiable documents.   What we have is Chairman Pai making the argument that net neutrality  provisions with teeth are going to be pretty much the end of investment  and sort of Western civilization as we know it. Public documents show  otherwise.  [[Page S7989]]  Publicly available documents show otherwise.   The FCC Chairman once claimed that a policy of voluntary net  neutrality would be another way to go. Any talk of a voluntary solution  to net neutrality is just nonsense.   Allowing a net neutrality provider to follow net neutrality has about  as much of a chance of working--there is about as much of a chance that  the big cable companies will honor voluntary net neutrality as there is  of getting Ava and William Wyden, my 10-year-old twins, to voluntarily  limit the number of desserts they have at dinner. It is not going to  happen. It is not going to happen, folks. It is not going to work for  open and fair access to the internet; it wouldn't work with Ava and  Will Wyden.   On the same exact date as the Federal Communications Commission  produced its rulemaking rollback to title II, Comcast removed the  pledge on its website that it does not prioritize internet traffic or  create paid fast lanes--so much for voluntary policy.   In my view, the only way the potential of the internet can be fully  tapped is by ensuring that one form of content is not provided a  preference over another form of content by their internet service  provider.   The Trump Federal Communications Commission is barreling ahead to  blow up this level playing field that is so crucial to innovation and  free speech.   I close only by way of saying that this is also a lifeline for the  startups. Those startups are dreaming of being the next YouTube,  Google, or eBay. This is not about Google or eBay. This is about the  startups.   I would be staying to hear my colleague Senator Franken make his  remarks on net neutrality but for the fact that we are about to start  the tax conference. I close my remarks where I opened them. Senator  Franken has been our go-to person on these issues since he came to the  Senate. We are so grateful he looked at this issue through the prism of  what it means for the person without power and clout. I thank him for  his leadership.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.   