 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to speak in favor  of this Congressional Review Act resolution on behalf of the thousands  of fellow Kentuckians who have lost their jobs in the coal industry.   In eastern Kentucky, not far from where I live, it is not just a  recession that they are experiencing. What is happening in eastern  Kentucky is a little depression over the last several years. The stream  protection rule would be the final death knell of a proud industry that  has literally powered America for over a century.   When I talk to the men and women of eastern Kentucky about the  prospects of losing even more jobs in an economically depressed place,  it is just absolutely devastating. So I applaud the work of the  committee and I applaud the work of this House to take this matter  seriously to end this regulation that would put even more of my fellow  Kentuckians in economic distress.   Instead of looking at environmental questions as a matter of the need  to have more government central planning, let's solve environmental  problems in a different way, through innovation and technology.    Mr. Speaker, section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires  the Securities and Exchange Commission--an agency not charged with the  responsibility of carrying out American foreign policy--to promulgate a  resource extraction issuer disclosure rule. That regulation, which is  the subject of today's resolution, requires publicly traded U.S. firms  to disclose payments that they make to governments for the commercial  development of oil, natural gas, or mineral resources.   The intent of the rule, as my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle point out, is to allow local populations to see how much revenue  is generated by their natural resources; but, in practice, if fully  implemented, this rule will have a very negative impact on Americans  and on the people it is purported to help.   First, the rule puts American firms at a severe competitive  disadvantage, and we have talked about this before. Because section  1504 applies only to companies that are listed on U.S. exchanges, it  forces them to disclose payments in detail in a way that would put them  at a competitive disadvantage to non-U.S. companies, like those located  in China. The SEC estimates that the initial cost of compliance for  U.S. firms could be as high as $700 million and that the ongoing costs  could be as large as $591 million annually. That is $591 million that  American businesses could be putting to better and more productive use,  like in creating jobs and investing in their workers. The SEC, itself,  admitted that compliance costs would result in diverting capital away  from other productive opportunities.   In addition, these disclosures will include sensitive commercial  proprietary information and trade secrets that foreign state-owned  competitors can use against American firms, and 50 percent of the firms  that are likely to be obligated to comply with this rule are smaller  reporting companies. While larger firms can more easily adjust their  financial reporting systems in order to collect the required data or  can even alter their business models to make the rule less burdensome,  the smaller firms that will be forced to comply with this rule will  have a very difficult time. This will lead to a consolidation in the  industry, to a reduction in competition, and to higher prices for  American consumers.   These projects are often carried out in countries with underdeveloped  economies. As a result, they provide much-desired work for local  populations, and they help improve the standard of living in the area,  lifting many people out of poverty. This rule will stifle economic  development in areas that need it most, potentially limiting the  ability of these regions to thrive.   In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, this is not about investor protection.  Instead, it is going to undermine capital formation, and it is going to  hurt smaller firms, and it is going to hurt jobs in this country. The  Securities and Exchange Commission, as it admits itself, is not in a  position to conduct American foreign policy. Let's leave this to the  State Department, and let's focus on SEC rules that are core to its  mission: investor protection and capital formation.   