 Mr. President, I rise in support of the nomination of my  colleague and friend Jeff Sessions to be the Attorney General of the  United States.   Why? We have had this debate. It has gone on a long time, and we have  heard from a lot of proponents and opponents of Jeff Sessions. Who  would know Jeff Sessions better maybe than I would? I have worked with  Jeff Sessions since he came to the Senate 20 years ago. Between us we  have been here 50 years, 30 years for me, 20 years for him. Our staffs  worked day and night on issues that have affected our State and  affected the Nation.   I first really got to know Jeff Sessions when he was the Attorney  General of Alabama. He had been the U.S. attorney. He was pretty well  known, but I didn't know him. We didn't really know each other until he  became the Attorney General.   I urged him to run for the U.S. Senate. I thought he could win, but I  thought not just that he could win but that he could bring something to  this body. I thought he would be a good colleague, he would be a good  Senator for the State of Alabama and for the United States of America,  and he has been.   When you deal with people day after day--remember, we all know each  other as colleagues here. There are just 100 of us. It sounds like a  lot of people, but it is not. When we interact on committees, when we  deal with each other, when our families are thrown together, we talk,  we debate, we maybe even fight a little bit at times over issues. We  get to really know somebody.   I know Jeff Sessions pretty well. I believe he is competent as a  lawyer, he was a good lawyer, he was a good prosecutor, and he served  our State as Attorney General. He has been active on the Judiciary  Committee where he has chaired a subcommittee. He has been active on  the Budget Committee. He has been active on the Armed Services  Committee. He has been active right here in the Senate--our Senate--on  the Environment and Public Works Committee, and he is well respected.   What kind of Attorney General do we want? We want somebody who is  competent, somebody with integrity--integrity above everything. That is  what counts in this job. This is a very, very important job. These are  big shoes. Jeff Sessions can fill those shoes, and I am happy and proud  to be here and to vote for him tonight. I wish my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle would join us.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask to proceed on leader time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to say a word about the  nominee we are about to confirm. We have long known our colleague from  Alabama as Senator Sessions--and soon Attorney General Sessions--but it  wasn't always this way. There was a time when the distinguished Senator  from Alabama was known simply as ``Buddy.'' Buddy--the product of a  small town called Hybart, the son of a country store owner, the  inheritor of modest beginnings.   Senator Sessions' parents grew up in the Depression. They taught  their son the value of a dollar and the importance of hard work. If our  colleague wasn't at school or football practice, you were likely to  find him at his dad's store lending a hand to customers. As anyone from  a small town can attest, that little store served as far more than just  a place to buy goods. It was also a local gathering place, a place  where people were liable to share their hopes and concerns, and their  dreams too.   This is where Jeff Sessions developed his core values. It is where he  developed an appreciation for the everyday struggles of working people.  It is where he learned the importance of listening first, of standing  up for what matters, of putting others' needs before one's own. It made  him a better person. It made him a pretty good politician too.   Senator Sessions is the kind of guy who, with just one conversation,  can make you feel as if you have known him your entire life. He is  usually the first to arrive at constituent events and the last to  leave. He has also made it a priority to travel annually to every  county in Alabama--all 67 of them.   His staff will tell you it is these trips home when Senator Sessions  is really in his element. Driving across Alabama, from sunup to  sundown, milkshake in hand, or maybe a Blizzard from Dairy Queen, Heath  bar flavor, thank you very much, that is Senator Sessions.   Now, it is not hard to see why Alabamians keep sending him back to  Washington. Last time out he scooped up a modest 97 percent of the  vote.   Part of Senator Sessions' secret to success is simple enough; he is  just a likable guy.   Our colleague is one of the most humble and most considerate people  you will ever meet. He is a true Southern gentleman. He is pretty funny  too. His staff would certainly agree. They still remember the time he  accidentally ran his suit coat through the paper shredder. They saved  the evidence too. Let's hope that one makes it into his archives.   Sessions' alums call this man a mentor. They remain ever grateful for  his focus on their own development. I know they are going to miss  grabbing a burger and fries with him at Johnny Rockets.   They are really going to miss his wife Mary as well. We will around  here too.   Now, in Sessions' world, Mary Sessions is something of a legend. She  has been our colleague's strongest supporter, no matter the task before  him. She has been a source of encouragement and a friend to all of Team  Sessions. I doubt they will ever forget Mary's friendship or her famous  cream cheese pound cake.   One thing they will not soon forget either is Senator Sessions'  intense focus on the office's letter-writing operation. Sometimes that  meant working weekends with the boss to get the constituent  correspondence just right.   There is no doubt Senator Sessions is very, very particular about his  writing, whether it is constituent letters or legal memoranda, and  there is a good reason for that. Words, as this lawyer is known to say,  have meaning. It is a philosophy that has animated Senator Sessions'  longtime love affair with the law.   He believes in equal application of the law to each of us, regardless  of how we look or where we come from. It is a genuine passion for him.  It is an area of deep importance and principle.   Senator Sessions will stand up for what he believes is right, even  when it isn't always the easiest thing to do.   Now, this is a guy who fought for Republican principles long before-- long before--Alabama became a red State. He stood up to the George  Wallace dynasty as a young man. He stared down the forces of hate as  U.S. attorney and State attorney general. He has continued to fight for  the equal application of the law as well, not to mention a growing  economy, a streamlined government, and a strong defense.   Of course, as anyone who knows him will tell you, Senator Sessions is  a lawyer's lawyer. He is willing to hear the other side of an argument.  He is willing to make the other side of the argument as well. He is  also willing to be persuaded.   He has worked across the aisle with Democrats like the late Senator  Ted Kennedy and the assistant Democratic leader on issues like prison  reform and sentencing reform. Democrats have praised him as someone who  is ``straightforward and fair'' and ``wonderful to work with.''   The politics of the moment may have changed, but the truth of  statements like these endures. Deep down, each of us knows these things  remain just as true about Senator Sessions today as they did when our  Democratic colleagues praised him.   Fair in action, bound to the Constitution, a defender of civil  rights, this is the man we have come to know in the Senate. It is the  same man we can expect to see as Attorney General.   Senator Sessions may be leaving the Senate, but there is plenty this  Eagle Scout will be taking with him. That includes the motto he has  lived by--``Be Prepared''--which is so engrained in our friend that it  is even engraved into the back of the granite nameplate on his desk. It  is a simple phrase with a simple message, and it seems particularly  fitting for our friend today.   He has a big job ahead of him. I think he is up to the task. He is  tough, but he  [[Page S963]]  is fair. He is persistent, but he is respectful. He is a likeable guy,  a principled colleague, and an honest partner. And while we are really  going to miss him, we also couldn't be prouder of him.   So let us thank Senator Sessions for his many years of service.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Sessions  nomination?   