 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Smucker for  yielding. I really appreciate his leadership. I thank Congressman G.T.  Thompson from Pennsylvania as well for his leadership. It is an honor  to be here.   Madam Speaker, in recent years, global economic trends have led to an  ever-growing skills gap. While unemployment has fallen to 4.4 percent  in my home State of Illinois, there is still a widening gap between the  jobs that are open and the skills workers need. This has become  apparent as I have traveled throughout my district listening to  community representatives, businesses, parents, students, and higher  education officials discuss the local state of the economy.   I have been particularly concerned with the feedback I have received  from businesses, who continue to report that there is a gap between the  talent and skills they need in employees and what they can actually  find. Shortages in skilled fields like machinists, technicians,  operators, cybersecurity, and healthcare are impairing their ability to  grow their businesses.   There is much Congress can do to improve the skills of our labor  force, which is why I was proud to partner with my good friend and  fellow member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, Congressman  G.T. Thompson, in introducing H.R. 2353.   Our bill reauthorizes the Carl D. Perkins grant program through  fiscal year 2023 and gives States and local governments the tools to  better equip workers for higher paying middle class jobs in the 21st  century.   The Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century  Act addresses one of the underlying causes of the skills gap: what is  being taught in classes does not necessarily sync up with what is  needed to get a job. H.R. 2353 requires a strong buy-in from local  businesses in developing State plans.   With more local stakeholders involved in the process, it will better  equip students with the technical skills they need to find success in  local in-demand careers.   Finally, I believe it is important that we start to shift the culture  surrounding career and technical education. Every student, no matter  his or her career goals, should participate in some form of career  education. I believe that every student needs to graduate, not just  with a diploma but with another piece of paper, namely an offer letter.   Some students will find success in a traditional 4-year college  program; others, however, will learn the skills they need through a 2- year community college or on-the-job training.   I look forward to working with my colleagues from both sides of the  aisle to ensure its passage, and I look forward to sending this bill to  the President later this year for signing.   