 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for  up to 15 minutes as in morning business.    Mr. President, I am here to discuss what you might  call the Scott Pruitt philosophy of environmental regulation. In a  recent interview, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection  Agency expressed his view that the EPA should ``simply pass regulations  that provide fairness and equity and allow utilities to make decisions  based upon stability, cost, and security to the consumers that they  serve.'' Did we notice anything missing in that assertion of what EPA's  role should be? How about no mention of the environment, no mention of  climate change, no mention of public health? So my 168th ``Time to Wake  Up'' speech will look at how paid-for Administrator Pruitt is by the  very industries he is supposed to be regulating. Often, the word for  this is ``corruption.''   Scott Pruitt is a functionary of fossil fuel money. He has a long  record of dark money fundraising and long, cozy relationships with big  fossil fuel political donors.   As you can see, energy interests contributed over $136,000 to  Pruitt's 2014 campaign even though he ran unopposed. During the 2010  and 2014 election cycles, oil and gas giants Devon Energy and Koch  Industries--yes, of those infamous Koch brothers--maxed out to Pruitt's  campaigns.   Thanks to Pulitzer Prize-winning reporting by the New York Times, we  know that backing Pruitt was a good fossil fuel investment,  particularly for Devon Energy. In 2011, Attorney General Scott Pruitt  took a letter written by Devon Energy, he put it onto his Oklahoma  attorney general letterhead, he signed it for them, and he sent it off  to EPA, pleading Devon Energy's anti-regulatory case as if it were his  own.   As attorney general of Oklahoma, Pruitt directly solicited political  donations from companies now regulated by EPA, then regulated by EPA as  well.   He spoke at dozens of industry events but never at a public health or  environmental event.   He led the boards of political organizations, like the Republican  Attorneys General Association and its dark money political fundraising  arm, the so-called Rule of Law Defense Fund, this thing. Pruitt was a  member of the RAGA executive committee--RAGA being Republican Attorneys  General Association. He was a member of their executive committee  between 2014 and 2016, when RAGA raised $530,000 from Koch Industries-- yes, those same infamous Koch brothers--and $125,000 from Devon  Energy--yes, of the letter he put onto his own letterhead.   Coal giant Murray Energy donated $50,000 to Liberty 2.0, Pruitt's own  super PAC, and it donated $350,000 to RAGA between 2014 and 2016.   The Rule of Law Defense Fund doesn't have to disclose its donors.  They hide in a loophole in the law. But other public reporting has  shown that it received at least $175,000 from something called Freedom  Partners. With a name like that, you know it is up to no good. Sure  enough, it is another dark  [[Page S3091]]  money group run by several Koch Industries executives. That is not  Coca-Cola; that is the Koch brothers' fossil fuel processing company.   We don't know more about this. Why do we not know more about this?  Because Republicans in the Senate protected Scott Pruitt from having to  answer these questions during his confirmation process.   While he was busily helping raise dark money, dark money groups, in  turn, came back and worked hard to help Pruitt get confirmed to the  EPA. A Republican opposition research PAC called America Rising  launched a pro-Pruitt ad campaign, and its dark money arm, America  Rising Squared, funded confirmpruitt.com. A 501(c)(4) dark money entity  ironically named Protecting America Now was created solely to help  confirm Pruitt to the EPA. Its fliers asked for contributions ranging  from $25,000 to $500,000. Just another grassroots group trying to get a  good guy confirmed. Koch Industries' own lobbying disclosure forms  reveal it spent part of $3.1 million lobbying to confirm Scott Pruitt.   In Trump's science-denial Cabinet, Administrator Pruitt seems to see  little reason to hide his anti-environment and Republican political  interests. He has spoken at the Conservative Political Action  Conference and the American Farm Bureau board meeting. He attended  rallies with coal miners against his own regulations and met with the  National Mining Association's executive committee ``to lay out his  concerns with the Paris accord'' the day before the mining association  voted to press President Trump to withdraw from that agreement.   Administrator Pruitt planned to appear as the keynote speaker at the  Oklahoma Republican Party Gala on May 5. This invitation mentioned his  official position as EPA Administrator three times. It featured this  photo of him being sworn in as the EPA Administrator. It promised  donors a ``once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to hear him discuss his plans  to slash regulations, bring back jobs to Oklahoma, and decrease the  size of the EPA.'' Well, the 1939 Act to Prevent Pernicious Political  Activities, more commonly known as the Hatch Act, forbids this, so I  filed a Hatch Act complaint and Administrator Pruitt's appearance was  canceled. The Office of Special Counsel is now conducting a full  investigation.    But it wasn't just there. He goes to other dinners. On February 28,  2017, Pruitt was a speaker at a RAGA major donors dinner. You know who  major donors are by now. Days after the RAGA major donors dinner,  Pruitt unilaterally withdrew an EPA request for information from oil  and gas producers about their methane emissions, citing a letter from  nine members of RAGA and two Republican Governors, who alleged the  methane information request ``furthers the previous administration's  climate agenda and supports . . . the imposition of burdensome climate  rules on existing sites, the cost and expense of which will be  enormous.''   There was no public comment period. There was no request for input  from other States. This basically was a little party favor for his RAGA  pals right after the RAGA dinner.   This EPA Administrator has solicited thousands, if not millions, of  dollars from corporations he now regulates. Our current ethics laws do  not require nominees in the confirmation process to disclose their  political and dark money connections, so the Senate and the public are  kept blind to the conflicts of interest of such nominees, and we have  no idea how those conflicts would manifest in their offices. Pruitt  knows who gave dark money to his political causes. The corporations  know what dark money they gave. It is just the rest of us who are in  the dark.   This is new, and this is weird. This was not a problem for President  Obama's nominees because the dark money political tsunami that has  swamped our politics in slime did not exist when President Obama was  elected. It was the Citizens United decision of 2010 that allowed  unlimited political spending by big special interests, and that  unlimited money found dark money channels.   To address the gaping loophole in our Federal ethics laws, I have  introduced the Conflicts from Political Fundraising Act with Senators  Udall, Carper, Van Hollen, and Franken. This bill would require  Presidentially appointed Federal officials like Scott Pruitt to  disclose their political fundraising, and it would require Federal  ethics officials to address these conflicts by, for example, making  sure officials are recused from decisions affecting big political  donors, making sure the public has the information to know they should  ask for a recusal because the director is conflicted by reason of his  political relationship with big dark money donors.   I wish the conflicts at EPA stopped with the Administrator, but they  don't. It is a swarm of swampy conflict over there. Pruitt has  surrounded himself with political operatives and fossil fuel lobbyists.  The Associate EPA Administrator for Policy previously worked at RAGA,  the Rule of Law Defense Fund, and something called the Freedom Partners  Chamber of Commerce--a Koch brothers-funded dark money group that has  underwritten the Rule of Law Defense Fund. EPA's Senior Adviser for  Regional and State Affairs came from Pruitt's own fossil fuel-funded  super PAC, Oklahoma Strong. The Assistant Administrator for  Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations came from the oil  company, the Hess Corporation. One Deputy Associate Administrator is  the former president of the Ohio Coal Association. Another Deputy  Associate Administrator was a registered lobbyist at the National Rural  Electric Cooperative Association, where she specifically lobbied  against EPA's Clean Power Plan and New Source Performance Standard, the  clean water rule, the ozone standard, EPA enforcement, pesticides  bills, budget resolutions, and EPA appropriations bills.   This corruption of EPA is the work of the fossil fuel industry. One  day there must come a reckoning.   Just this weekend, the New York Times reported ``How Rollbacks at  Scott Pruitt's E.P.A. Are a Boon to Oil and Gas.'' The article included  a checklist of rollbacks that specifically benefit long-time Pruitt  benefactor Devon Energy--the one that got the letter--delaying a rule  raising royalties on fossil energy production on Federal land, undoing  new fracking standards, rolling back rules on the leaking and flaring  of methane, and rolling back reporting of methane emissions.   In another matter, Devon Energy had been preparing to pay a  settlement of over $100,000 and to install emissions scrubbing  equipment to remedy illegal emissions from a Wyoming natural gas  facility. Five days after Pruitt was installed at EPA, the company told  officials it was ``re-evaluating its settlement posture,'' offering a  quarter of what it had previously proposed to settle the charges and  scrapping the emissions controls entirely. They know their  Administrator Pruitt.   Pruitt's record at EPA reveals he is unabashedly looking out for his  industry donors at the expense of public health and the environment. As  far as I can tell, every action he has taken since taking office will  lead to an enriched industry--at the expense of dirtier air and dirtier  water--and a more imperiled climate.   Myron Ebell is someone I don't quote often. He is the head of  President Trump's EPA transition team and a prominent climate denier.  He has something interesting to say about Scott Pruitt. He has said  that he thinks Scott Pruitt is using EPA as a ``stepping stone to  political office'' and that ``everything he does is going to be a  political calculation about what furthers his own political career.''   This is not a liberal environmentalist making these accusations. This  is somebody who is right in Scott Pruitt's climate denial wheelhouse.  This is someone from the Trump science denial EPA destruction team.  This is the guy who is in the club of fossil fuel-funded climate  denial, and he thinks everything Pruitt does is a political calculation  about what furthers Pruitt's own political career. If that is the case,  everything Scott Pruitt does is a conflict of interest, as he sees  regulated industry as the funders of his next political campaign. They  pay for him now, and he delivers.   Sadly, the people who own Pruitt also own Congress. So good luck  getting an honest look at this mess from our fossil fuel-funded  colleagues in the majority.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   