 Mr. President, I wish to thank my colleague, the Senator  from Wyoming, chairman of the Budget Committee, Mr. Enzi, for allowing  me, as the vice chairman of the Joint Economic Committee, some time on  the Senate floor to discuss the budget.   Our budget process is important, and it has long been in a period of  neglect. It needs reform. That is what I am here to talk about today.  There are so many areas that are affected by our budgeting process or,  at least, that should be. In fact, it is difficult to conceive of any  aspect of the Federal Government that couldn't be or shouldn't be  addressed through the budgeting process.   When we look at the budget process, it is important for us to focus,  to one degree or another, on the Budget Act of 1974. This is an old  law. Forty-three years in statute has not exactly improved it. It  hasn't matured into something better. In other words, rather than a  piece of art that has appreciated in value over time, this is something  more akin to the 8-track tape player that you might have purchased in  1974 to go inside your Ford Pinto, which would explode upon impact.  This is something that didn't really improve in the 43 years since it  was passed, especially not the way we have followed it or, better said,  the way we have utterly failed to follow it.   One of the best ways to describe the budgeting process, prescribed by  the Budget Act of 1974, is that it is nonbinding. It is less  legislation than it is legislative fiction. It is aspirational in the  sense that it aims for what could be and what should be, except no one  actually aspires to it. In Congress, we don't get to the aspiration,  basically, ever. It is reminiscent almost of the immortal words of St.  Augustine. When he was undergoing his transition to Christianity, he  famously said: ``Lord, grant me chastity . . . but not yet''--always  wanting to restrain oneself later and not now, even though the need for  restraint, the need for reform is present now, is calling out for  reform right now. That is why it is important to remember that what  comes next is  [[Page S6436]]  important, and next is now. We are discussing the budget this week, and  it is important that we focus on these issues right now.   We do have a system that has to be kept carefully in balance. That  balance depends on Congress keeping the national interest front and  center. It depends on Congress being willing to restrain itself and  follow the dictates of our constitutional structure. We have failed on  these scores.   Congress collectively, actively, almost defiantly avoids the very  type of accountability built into our constitutional structure--the  type of accountability called for by article I of the Constitution.  Article I, the very first clause of the first section of the first  article of the Constitution, makes clear that if you are going to make  policy within the Federal Government, if you are going to establish  norms that will be enforceable as generally applicable laws within our  Federal Government, you have to go through Congress.   ``All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress  of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of  Representatives.'' Article I, section 1 tells us that.   Article I, section 7 tells us that in order to make a law in our  Federal system, you first have to pass something through the House of  Representatives and the Senate, and then you have to submit it to the  White House. You cannot make law without going through that process.  That process is also worked in for a budgeting process.   The way the Budget Act of 1974 is supposed to work, the way our  budget process is supposed to operate is that we will pass a series of  laws appropriating money in various aspects of the Federal Government.  We have a budget that gets passed first, which is an aspirational  statement not submitted to the President. It is a resolution passed  jointly by both Houses of Congress that sets budgeting priorities.  Then, following from those priorities, there are supposed to be 13  separate appropriations bills that spend money, that allocate the  scarce resources of the Federal Government, understanding that they are  finite to each of the major areas of government spending.    There will be one bill, for example, that funds National Defense.  There is another bill that will fund our Justice Department or Federal  court system. There is another bill that will fund, for example, our  national parks, and so on and so forth. When you follow that formula,  you avoid the kind of circumstance in which we push all spending  decisions into one legislative package, setting up a potential for  disaster.   A common analogy that I sometimes use to describe this is, imagine if  you live in an outlying area, in an area where there is only one  grocery store for 100, maybe 200 miles around. Upon moving there,  suppose, on your way home from work, you receive a phone call from your  significant other telling you to stop by the store: Don't come home  without bread, milk, and eggs. You don't need everything else. Just get  bread, milk, and eggs.   You go to the grocery store. You get your shopping cart, and you put  in your bread, milk, and eggs. You get to the checkout counter. You put  out your bread, milk, and eggs.   The cashier says to you: Excuse me, there is a problem. You can't buy  just bread, milk, and eggs. This is a special kind of store where you  can't buy bread, milk, and eggs unless you also buy a bucket of nails,  one-half ton of iron ore, a Barry Manilow album, and a book about  cowboy poetry. In fact, for that matter, this is the kind of store  where you have to buy one of every item in order to buy anything else.  That is kind of what it is like every time we pass a spending bill  lately because, even though the Budget Act of 1974 contemplates 12 or  13 separate appropriations bills, each addressing one discreet aspect  of the Federal Government's spending, we end up, more often than not-- in fact, basically every single time for the last 6 of \1/2\ years I  have been serving here, and even longer than that, we end up passing  either a continuing resolution, which basically is a reset button  saying that we will continue to spend next year at the same rate we  have been spending this year, subject to these minor exceptions or,  alternatively, we might pass an omnibus spending bill, which can be  1,000, maybe 2,000 pages long, sometimes longer, and identify all the  areas in which we will be spending but put into one unified bill.   The problem with these bills, the way we have tended to do continuing  resolutions and omnibus spending bills, is that we tend to consider and  pass them under a compacted time agreement in the final hours or  minutes before a cliff. By ``cliff,'' I mean an arbitrary deadline,  after which a spending measure already in place will expire. So if  there is a spending bill that expires on September 30 of a particular  year, it is not uncommon for us to address a spending bill on September  30, sometimes late in the day on September 30 or in the days leading up  to it.   It is not uncommon for Members of Congress to be told at that moment:  You have two choices. You can either pass this as is and have  everything funded more or less as it has been or you can shut down the  government.   Nobody really wants to cause a government shutdown. Certainly, nobody  wants to be accused of shutting down the government.   Most Members tend to vote for it, and then the American people  continue to get what they have been getting. They continue to operate a  Federal Government that spends about $4 trillion a year, with little or  no control, even by the people's own elected Representatives in  Congress, whose job it is to do these things over their own government.  This is wrong.   We shouldn't be governing this way. Yet there is a touch of irony in  this in that we govern this way, I think, at least in part, because of  a fear of public outcry against the process or criticism about the  process in which we might engage. Yet, as we undertake this process,  which undercuts that process altogether and sidesteps it, as we have  avoided that studiously in order to avoid criticism, we have seen  Congress's approval rating plummet. In fact, if you look at most  opinion polls these days, it puts our approval rating as an institution  right around 10 percent. The last time I checked, in the United States  of America, that makes us less popular than Fidel Castro. It makes us  only slightly more popular than the influenza virus, which is rapidly  gaining on us.   If what we are wanting to do is avoid criticism, then the last thing  we ought to do is continue to do what we have been doing, which is to  consolidate all spending decisions into one legislative package to be  addressed at the end of the fiscal year, telling Members they have to  either vote for it or be blamed for a government shutdown. That is  wrong. That shuts out the American people, and it makes their  government unaccountable to them.   In the process, we avoid reforming a lot of programs that need  reforming. Among other things, we avoid reforming entitlement spending.  It is important when we think about entitlement spending and how it  needs to be reformed to remember the immortal words of President John  F. Kennedy, who said that ``to govern is to choose.'' But today, to  budget is not to choose or to choose in advance not to choose, to avoid  choosing altogether.   We are $20 trillion in debt, and we choose to ignore that. Twenty  trillion dollars is an enormous amount of money, as is the interest we  pay on that sum every single year, which is about $250 billion a year-- an enormous sum of money in and of itself. But that isn't the scary  part. The scary part is that $250 billion, which is what we spend every  year on interest on our national debt, is roughly the same interest  payment we had about 20 years ago. I believe our national debt was one- sixth or one-seventh of its current size. The only reason it is even  that low is because our Treasury yield rates--the interest rate at  which the U.S. Government pays its creditors--is at an all-time  historical low.   Laws of mathematics are such that what goes down must inevitably come  back up. As soon as it does come back up, even if it comes up only to  its historical average and doesn't rebound above that average, in a  short period of time, within a few years after that, we will find  ourselves going from about $250 billion a year in interest on debt to  about $1 trillion a year in interest on debt, leaving ourselves with  the uncomfortable, darned-near impossible  [[Page S6437]]  prospect of having to cover a $750 billion shortfall--this on top of  our existing sprawling national deficit--without any clear means of  doing so.   Congress, in many cases, fears reform, but reform remains necessary  to make programs structurally reliable and fiscally sustainable. In  other words, we are fearing the wrong thing. A lot of people in my home  State of Utah fear snakes, understandably. We have rattlesnakes in  parts of Utah. Rattlesnakes can do a lot of damage to you if they bite  you. You don't want to mess with a rattlesnake. But sometimes we fear  the wrong things, at least in the sense of, in addition to a lot of  rattlesnakes, we also have a lot of deer. They should actually fear  deer more than rattlesnakes. More people die in the United States every  year as a result of deer causing automotive accidents than they do from  rattlesnake bites altogether. Sometimes we fear the wrong things.    We fear making reform. But reform is not what we should fear; we  should fear the consequences of failure to do that.   In some ways, the central unifying problem isn't just about the debt  or dysfunction but the distrust. Congress has squandered the trust of  the American people, and we as an institution have a responsibility to  work hard to win back that trust. The only way to win back that trust  is through real reform. We have to put the national interest ahead of  our own interests, our own political interests and the special  interests that are constantly moving here in Washington, DC. That work  can begin with this very budget. It should begin with this budget.  Budgets provide us with an opportunity to discuss our priorities. Those  priorities always need to be all about reform.   This budget is far from perfect, but in understanding that it is not  perfect, it is a vehicle to begin the real process of reform. Nowhere  is this more important than with tax reform, and this will set in  motion those events that can culminate in real, genuine, and much  needed tax reform.   There are a couple of odd quirks within our Federal Tax Code. First  of all, its sheer length and complexity are a problem. Arthur Brooks  from the American Enterprise Institute said that complexity is itself a  subsidy--a subsidy that disproportionately benefits the well connected,  the wealthy, the well educated, the specialists who handle the  complexity and profit from it. One hundred years ago, our Tax Code was  only a few hundred pages long. Today, our Tax Code, depending on what  you count, can fairly be described as much closer to 100,000 pages than  to a few hundred.   Among the many problems we can find in the Tax Code is the marriage  tax penalty, which many Americans are familiar with, whereby a hard- working American couple might pay higher taxes only because of the fact  that they happen to be married. This is wrong, and it needs to be  fixed.   There is a related point--a related flaw--that is much less well  known than the Tax Code marriage penalty, and that is the Tax Code  parent penalty. Let me explain what that is. Imagine two couples-- couple A and couple B. Imagine that couple A and couple B are identical  in every respect but one. In other words, they both have the same  income, they both have the same pattern of charitable contributions,  mortgage interest, State and local taxes, and so forth. Everything that  affects their taxes is the same except one thing: Couple A has three  children and couple B chooses to remain childless. Because of the way  our Tax Code interacts and intersects with our senior entitlement  programs--namely, Social Security and Medicare--we end up penalizing  parents, creating this parent tax penalty. Let me explain that a little  bit.   Let's call couple A--the couple with three children--Jack and Julie.  According to very modest assessments made by the U.S. Department of  Agriculture, Jack and Julie, with their three children, will incur  costs of about $700,000 as they raise their children. These are the  costs of raising children. I believe it is a little faulty--there are a  number of things it doesn't include--but it is an estimate produced by  the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Jack and Julie, our hypothetical  couple A, will spend $700,000 raising their three children to maturity.  It doesn't take into account the non-economic costs associated with  parenting or the myriad benefits that go along with that--but $700,000.  That is the amount they will put into raising these three children.  That cost doesn't benefit just Jack and Julie, it doesn't benefit just  their three children--no, the way our system works, the way Social  Security and Medicare work, it also goes to stabilize, to shore-up  entitlement benefits for tomorrow's retirees, because Social Security  and Medicare operate on a pay-as-you-go basis. Today's retiree benefits  are paid by today's workers. Today's workers will be tomorrow's  retirees. Today's children will be tomorrow's workers and will be  paying the retirement benefits of today's workers, tomorrow's retirees.   Let's look at couple A, back to Jack and Julie. Jack and Julie  operate solely with Julie's income. Jack is a stay-at-home father.  Meanwhile, Julie has a good job that pays $75,000 a year. As you look  at this chart, it shows how the pay stubs Julie receives twice a month  might look.   I would imagine many Americans look at this the same way I do. People  approach their pay stubs with a degree of trepidation. It is almost  easier not to look at it when you see all the things the government  does to your paycheck each time it goes through.   Jack and Julie look at Julie's pay stub when it comes out twice a  month, and they see a few things, including the fact that, in addition  to the $205 that is withheld from her Federal income tax twice a month,  she also sees $41.84 withheld for Medicare, $178 withheld for Social  Security, and $144 withheld for State income tax.   So when we look at Julie's pay stub, we see that what Julie is paying  into Social Security and Medicare is roughly the same as what we will  see from couple B, who chooses to remain childless. Couple B has every  right not to have children. We don't want to penalize anybody regarding  their decision on whether to have children. But the point here is that  the investment Jack and Julie are making into the Social Security  system comes twice--first as they pay their taxes, including their  Social Security and Medicare taxes--and with Social Security taxes, by  the way, that is also going to play a role in determining the Social  Security benefits for which Jack and Julie will one day be eligible  when they retire. Yet the Tax Code doesn't adequately take into account  the $700,000 they are investing into their own children and that those  children will make it possible for couple B to receive their Social  Security and Medicare benefits when they retire. That is why we need to  fix the parent tax penalty.    The parent tax penalty consists of this unique interaction between  our tax system and our senior entitlement programs and doesn't take  into account the intense investment in financial terms that America's  moms and dads make in their children.   By increasing the child tax credit, we could offset this penalty. One  of the proposals out there would involve raising it to, say, $2,000 per  child. I think that would be great. I could even go higher than that,  but $2,000 wouldn't cover the whole problem, it wouldn't undo the whole  penalty, but it would go a long way toward offsetting that. I would  welcome that. That would be a good development. There are people just  like Jack and Julie Jones all over this country who would benefit from  that, and the American people as a whole would benefit from it. Social  Security and Medicare would be more stable and made more sustainable by  this change.   The next step we need to make with tax reform involves making the Tax  Code more pro-worker. A lot of people criticize the Tax Code for the  fact that it has the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized  world at 35 percent. I believe that the best reform we could achieve  would be substantial. There are a lot of people who are talking about  reducing the corporate tax rate to maybe 15 percent or 20 percent. I  hope we can get to something like that, and that would be a great first  step. What I would really like to do is to bring that down not to 25  percent or 20 percent or 15 percent, I would like to see it brought  down to zero. Let me explain why I believe that.   A corporation consists of and is animated by two things: capital and  labor, investors and workers. Investors and workers join together and  form partnerships to make profits. Both of them  [[Page S6438]]  pay a share of the corporate tax. In the United States, forces of  globalization have benefited from this arrangement between workers and  investors. The forces of globalization have benefited the investor  class more than the workers. In this new global economic environment,  we need to think about how to increase the returns to workers.   Globalization has helped the investors, and policy now needs to go  out of its way to help the workers. One way to do that would be to  eliminate the corporate tax altogether and tax investment income the  same way we do regular income. That would shift the worker share of  business tax to business owners. This would immediately do two things:  It would give a raise to American workers, who really need it, and it  would turn the United States into an irresistible magnet for foreign  investment in the United States of America. In one stroke, the most  profitable, favorable tax strategy in the global economy would be  creating American jobs.   The current code gives preferential treatment to U.S. investors  sending their money overseas. While this is their right to do, this is  not something we should be incentivizing and pushing them into, which  is exactly what the status quo does. Reform would give preferential  treatment to international investors coming here, which is, after all,  what we want. Let's level the national playing field between the  working class and the investor class, while tilting the global playing  field toward the United States rather than pushing it outward, away  from our great country.   If these tax reforms could be set in motion through this budget or at  least set in motion indirectly if not directly, the Tax Code would  finally start working again for American families and finally start  benefiting hard-working American mothers and fathers.   Another issue that we struggle with significantly in the Federal  Government involves Federal regulations. This, too, is something we  could start to address through the budgeting process. Our Federal  regulatory system is economically damaging. This is something that  strangles small business. It inherently--by its very nature, it inures  disproportionately to the benefit of large, established, incumbent  businesses, those that can afford an army of lawyers, accountants,  lobbyists, and compliance specialists, that benefit from a heavy system  of regulation, which is often made heavier still at the urging of the  largest, wealthiest, most established companies because these Federal  regulations provide a natural restriction on entry, a natural barrier  that disincentivizes and in some ways disables would-be competitors  from joining and entering into the marketplace. One thing we know about  competition is that it brings down costs and it raises quality, and  that is a good thing.   Federal regulations also create a sort of constitutional distrust.  They themselves represent a harsh deviation from the natural  constitutional order. I mentioned a few minutes ago the provisions of  article I. Article I, section 1, and article I, section 7 require that  Federal laws be passed by Congress. Federal regulations get around  that.   Sometimes Congress chooses voluntarily to delegate to someone else  the task that we, by operation of the Constitution, are supposed to  perform and not to delegate to someone else. This administrative action  makes things easier on occasion for Congress, but that is a bug, not a  feature. The Constitution never was intended to make life easier for  Members of Congress.   Let me explain how this happens and how it shows up here. It happens  sometimes with good intentions. Congress wants to approach a particular  issue, solve a particular problem without necessarily having to go into  the difficult, painstaking, line-drawing process that inevitably is  brought into question anytime we are trying to solve a problem through  lawmaking. In other words, Congress will identify a problem and pass a  law that says, for instance: We shall have a good law in area X, and we  hereby delegate to agency Y the power to make and enforce rules  carrying the force of generally applicable Federal law that will carry  out the objectives we have outlined in our legislation.   In other words--let's get to something more approximating a real  example. Congress, for instance, passes a law that says: We shall have  clean air. We hereby delegate to the EPA the power to decide what clean  air is, what pollution is, what acceptable limits on pollution might  be, and what penalties will befall polluters. And then those same  regulators, those same people at that same agency who made all the  rules defining pollution and defining acceptable limits for pollution,  prescribing penalties, they are the same people who also enforce them.  You have the lawmakers who are also the law enforcers, and none of them  are subject to an election.    Now, I don't mean to disparage the character or the capabilities of  any of the fine people who work at the EPA or any of our other Federal  bureaucracies. For the most part, these are well-intentioned, hard- working, well-educated, and highly specialized public figures or  government employees, we might say, but there is a difference.   People in Congress are not magically empowered with any gifts for  coming up with good legislation any more than any other American is,  but there is a difference. We are elected, and we are subject to the  people at regular intervals. You can fire your U.S. Senator every 6  years, you can fire your Representative every 2 years. You cannot fire  a government bureaucrat. As Ronald Reagan said, the closest thing we  see to eternal life on this Earth is a new government program. The  closest thing you can find to a lifelong career is in government, in  many government bureaucracies.   What this has produced is a profound proliferation of Federal law. We  have been able to make more things Federal, and we have been able to  make more Federal laws as a result of the fact that Congress now  delegates away far more of its legislative power than it actually  exercises. Let me explain what I mean.   I keep in my office two sets of documents. I welcome any of you to  come by. In my office, we serve Jell-O every Wednesday at 3:30. For  reasons I don't entirely understand, Utah consumes more Jell-O than any  other State in the Union on a per capita basis. The Utah Legislature  has actually designated Jell-O as Utah's official State snack. Now, I  will be clear that these are not Jell-O shots. They are not tainted  with alcohol or anything like that, but we serve Jell-O every Wednesday  at 3:30. You are all invited to join us any time you would like. If the  Senate is in session and if it is Wednesday at 3:30, it is time for  Jell-O.   When you come by my office for Jell-O Wednesday, you will see two  stacks of documents that I have represented in this graph. One stack of  documents is a few inches tall, it is about 3,000 pages long, and it  consists of the laws passed by Congress last year. The other stack is  13 feet tall, it is about 96,000 pages long, and it consists of last  year's Federal Register.   For those of you who are fortunate enough not to know what the  Federal Register is--and I really do envy you--it is the annual index,  the compilation of Federal regulations. First is their release for  public notice and comment, and then later is their finalized Federal  Register.   These are laws. These are not just rules exclusively deciding what  time the lights will go on and off at the Commerce Department or what  times the gates will be staffed at this or that Embassy. No. Many of  these are regulations that impose affirmative obligations on the  American people, sometimes with criminal penalties, often with  substantial civil penalties attached to them, and yet they are not  passed by anyone who is elected. In many cases, they are not even  written by people who are accountable to anyone who is, in turn,  elected. This is a problem.   During 2016, Congress enacted 214 laws; whereas, the agencies issued  3,853 rules. Those are 18 rules that were put in place by Federal  agencies for every 1 law that was enacted by Congress. This is not  without consequence. This is not just an abstract constitutional  violation.   This costs the American people a lot of money, and it costs them  money in a way that is kind of invisible. You have the Tax Code. You  have your pay stub. I showed you that chart earlier from Julie's pay  stub showing how much the government takes out of each paycheck. That  is visible. That is tangible. That is something she can see each week.  There is another bite that  [[Page S6439]]  gets taken out of each and every one of her paychecks that is  invisible, and that bite is taken out by these Federal regulations,  meaning everything that Jack and Julie, everything that every one of  you, everything that every American purchases, every good or every  service is made more expensive by these Federal regulations. In fact,  it is fair to say really that the costs of compliance with these  Federal regulations are passed on disproportionately to America's poor  and middle class who pay for those regulations through higher prices on  goods and services, diminished wages, unemployment, and  underemployment, and it is not insignificant.   Twenty years ago, when I first started studying this problem, I was  shocked to learn that this backdoor, invisible, highly regressive form  of tax--that is the cost of compliance with Federal regulations--stood  at $300 billion a year. That was astounding to me, stunning. Today that  number stands at about $2 trillion a year. In 20 years, we have seen  the cost of complying with Federal regulations multiply nearly  sevenfold. That is troubling.   If the cost of complying with U.S. Federal regulations were a  country, if it were the GDP, the $2 trillion in compliance costs, that  is roughly the same as the gross domestic product of India and Italy.  The cost of complying with Federal regulations is slightly less than  the GDP of India and slightly more than the GDP of Italy. That is sad,  that is stunning, that is a constitutional problem, and it is a public  policy problem. The 2016 Federal Register contains 95,894 pages--the  highest level in its history and 19 percent higher than the previous  year of 2015, which contained 80,260 pages.   In the absence of trust, we need an abundance of transparency, and  that is what constitutional lawmaking is all about. We need to restore  that constitutional order by passing reforms like the REINS Act,  which would require congressional assent before major rules are put  into place. It would require Congress to affirmatively enact a  regulation into law before an economically significant regulation could  take effect.    There are some other areas where we need transparency--in higher  education and healthcare. These things appear to have little in common  at the outset, and yet, in many ways, they have a lot in common in that  they are two areas where there has been a lot of Federal involvement  where there probably shouldn't be and where that Federal involvement  has made things more opaque and less transparent and resulted in higher  costs.   In higher education, I highlighted the need in the last Congress for  reforms through my introduction of the Higher Education Reform and  Opportunity Act, which would have opened up the accreditation process.  Currently, the higher education system in America has been commandeered  by the iron triangle, consisting of the U.S. Department of Education,  Federal accreditation bodies, and institutions of higher education in  this country. Unless you are part of that iron triangle, you can't  really break into the higher education market because you can't get  Federal higher education assistance.   As a result, things like apprenticeships, distance learning, massive  open online courses--or MOOCs, as they are sometimes described--suffer.  They get left out. The upshot is, if we reformed this area, we would  have more opportunities to get postsecondary skills and training, we  would lower the cost of higher education, we would save money for both  borrowers and taxpayers alike, and we would have more people able to  pursue their chosen vocation.   With healthcare, as in higher education, Federal influence is driving  up prices while outcomes are flatlined. In 2009, Congress doubled down  on what wasn't working when they passed ObamaCare. The results were  instability, lost coverage, new plans, higher premiums, and higher  deductibles at the same time.   Meanwhile, you had a whole lot of concentration of market power in a  few companies. The top 10 health insurance companies in 2008--the year  President Obama was elected President--had combined profits of about $8  billion a year. Last year, that number skyrocketed to $15 billion a  year. The difference was ObamaCare.   ObamaCare made it easier for those companies to see their profits  skyrocket, but they did so on the backs of America's poor and middle  class. With ObamaCare, we also had the unsustainable expansion of  Medicaid, a failed program we should be trying to rescue people from,  not trap them in. We need to repeal and replace ObamaCare.   As we look toward reform, a guiding principle should always be  restoring the constitutional principal of federalism or some might call  it localism or the principle of subsidiarity. The idea is that you  should govern locally, as locally as possible. There is a reason for  this. The Constitution requires it, but it is also the case that we all  benefit when we follow that constitutional system. It allows more  Americans to get more of the kind of government they want and less of  the kind of government they don't want. Bad things happen when we  ignore federalism, as we have over the last 80 years and increasingly  so over the last decade. There are some examples of that.   One involves transportation. Our Interstate Highway System was  created by the Federal Government in the 1950s under the leadership of  President Eisenhower. He acknowledged that for national security and  interstate commerce reasons, it would be a good idea to have an  interstate highway system. So we proposed--and Congress passed into  law--a gasoline tax that would fund the establishment, the creation of  an interstate highway system. The idea was always to hand that  interstate highway system back over to the States after the project was  completed, which it has been now since the 1980s. Yet we are still  collecting a Federal gasoline tax--18.4 cents per gallon, to be  precise. Yet that 18.4 cents per gallon still doesn't ever seem to be  sufficient, even though the Interstate Highway System has been  completed since the 1980s and even though, stunningly, you could  maintain the existing Interstate Highway System for about 4 cents per  gallon. So where is the rest of it going? Well, it is going to purely  local projects: surface roads, bike paths, all sorts of other things,  many of which might well be worthy but aren't necessarily Federal in  nature.   Another example involves public land. A lot of people were surprised  to learn this--especially people from the East--but the Federal  Government owns and controls about 30 percent of the land in the United  States. A lot of people in the East aren't aware of this because, in  every State east of Colorado, the Federal Government owns less than 15  percent of the land. In no State west of Colorado does the Federal  Government own less than 15 percent and, in many States like my own,  that number is much larger. In fact, in my State, the State of Utah,  the Federal Government owns 67 percent of the land.   Let's set aside the question, for a minute, of why the Federal  Government needs to own that much land at all and why it needs to own  30 percent of the landmass in the United States. If it is going to own  that much, why does it disproportionately own so much land in States  like mine, especially when that harms people in States like mine?   You see, in Utah--this map shows Federal land. Anyplace you see  white, that is non-Federal land. If you see any of these colors  represented here, that is one type of Federal land ownership or  another. Where you see color on this chart, that is where the Federal  land is owned and controlled by the Federal Government and the local  taxing authorities can't tax it. As a result, people have to go to the  Federal Government for a ``Mother May I'' in order to even cross the  property or utilize the property for some legitimate business or  personal need, and the local taxing authorities can't tax it. This  harms westerners disproportionately, and it is wrong. We need reform in  this area.   We also need to get the Federal Government out of the business of  thinking it needs to own this much land and into the business of  thinking, if it is going to own that much, then it needs to allow  taxing authorities to collect at least a rough equivalent of property  tax.   Also, in the area of primary and secondary education, because public  education is so important, the Federal Government needs to stay out of  the K-12 education arena. In other words, what is taught in the K-12  classroom  [[Page S6440]]  needs to be decisions made by teachers in consultation with parents,  principals, local school officials and, in some cases, State officials,  not from Washington, DC. That is not an appropriate decision to make  from Washington, DC, unless you are talking about educational  experiences perhaps in the District of Columbia or a U.S. territory or  on a military base or something like that.   The Federal Government should have no role in K-12 public education.  That is not our job. We have to remember the text of the 10th Amendment  echoing the structure of the original Constitution: that powers not  granted to Congress and not prohibited to the States are reserved to  the States respectively or the people. That has to mean something. In  order for it to mean something, there has to be some limit to what  powers are, in fact, granted to the Federal Government.   Over the last 80 years, we gradually drifted away from this idea. We  concluded that every problem in society is a government problem and  that every government problem is a Federal problem. That is wrong. That  has harmed the American people.   We need to restore federalism, localism, and subsidiary. This will  free the people of the tyranny they feel as the result of a lost  election. At any given moment in America, there are people who are  disappointed about the last election, especially so with House  elections, Senate elections, and the occupant of the White House. At  any given moment, the people who feel as if they are not well  represented in Washington--either at the U.S. Capitol or at the White  House or both--can be counted in the tens, if not hundreds of millions.  We will end this tyranny if we return a lot of that power.   In other words, let's say someone living in Connecticut might not  quite be on the bandwagon of ``make America great again.'' If they  don't want to make America great again, they can want to make  Connecticut great again. In other words, federalism allows more people  in America to get more of the kind of government they want and less of  the kind of government they don't want. It allows more people to have  more of a say because local governments, while not perfect, are more  responsive to their local constituencies. It better protects both the  minorities and majorities. It lowers the temperature of our national  politics. One of the reasons national politics have become so  contentious is because everything has been centered in Washington, DC.  There is no reason it has to be that way. In fact, the Constitution  says it should never be that way.   Finally, with regard to federalism, there are a few things that only  the Federal Government can do. Those things include national defense,  establishing a uniform system of weights and measures, coming up with a  uniform system of laws governing immigration and naturalization and a  uniform system of laws governing interstate and foreign trade or  commerce. Those things that can be done only by Congress must be done  well. When we are so busy doing the things we are not supposed to do,  we fail to do those things that only we can do. That is yet another  reason to restore federalism.   Then, whatever is left over, whatever remains, whatever we can't  bring back, needs to be fixed. It needs to be made to work. Whatever we  don't return to the States can be made more effective and more  efficient, and we should do that.   The 1974 Budget Act, as I explained at the outset of my address  today, is outdated. We have to reform it. The Congressional Budget  Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation use formulas that are opaque  and unknown, that are effectively a black box. This is wrong, and we  have to get rid of those.   That is one of the reasons I introduced the CBO Show Your Work Act,  so they can't just tell us anymore: You can't know why we reached the  conclusions we reached that have stunning implications for law and  public policy.   From budget, to taxing, to spending policy and policymaking, the  constant theme is inertia. One could argue that the consistent theme is  nostalgia. We are stuck in that era of the Ford Pinto and the eight- track cassette player. Americans are being held back, not only by  outdated policies but by a process that is out of date too.   We met the challenges of the 20th century with policies that met the  moment, but we have to be constantly updating, constantly overseeing  and tweaking and improving. Government may well move at the pace of a  turtle, but it can move, nonetheless, and move it must because the only  way to get to next is to focus on now.   In our increasingly personalized, customizable society and economy,  government's obsession with centralization is making these things  worse, not better. We need to govern locally and not nationally in  every single instance. We need to empower individuals and local  communities.   In Washington, we have to embrace accountability, especially the kind  of accountability prescribed by the Constitution. We can do better, but  we have to first recognize the need to do so.   The budget is indicative of all the problems we face in Washington.  It is also indicative of Congress's authority and its ability to create  solutions. We can do this. We can. We must. And together, we will.   Thank you, Mr. President.   