 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.   The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5  minutes.    Mr. Chairman, I rise, as I say, in opposition to this  amendment. The proposed amendment offered by my colleague from  Washington would increase funds appropriated for the Small Business  Administration's entrepreneurial development programs by $3.8 million  for the purpose of restoring funding to the SBA's ScaleUp initiative,  which the SBA itself discontinued in fiscal year 2017.   The ScaleUp initiative was never congressionally authorized, and, as  such, has never been subject to congressional oversight.   As the chairman of the Committee on Small Business, I am a staunch  supporter of the SBA's efforts to increase access to training and  counseling to our developing small businesses and to the next  generation of entrepreneurs. It is also my responsibility to ensure  that these programs are run efficiently and in the best interest of the  American taxpayer. They are actually the ones footing the bill for  every one of these programs. That is why, even though it can sometimes  be tough, we have to balance these programs with limited budgets and  always being aware that we have now a $20 trillion debt hanging over  our heads.   As the ScaleUp initiative has never been subject to a congressional  hearing nor congressional review, I believe it would be irresponsible  to authorize taxpayer dollars to fund this program and must  respectfully oppose this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman from Washington's comments,  and, as chair of the House Small Business Committee, I will certainly  be willing to work with him and his staff to see if there is any  ability down the road to reconsider this program.   That being said, we do have a new administration who has looked at  this and many other programs very carefully. Being aware, again, that  we have a considerable deficit every year and a $20 trillion debt  hanging over our heads, something has to go, and there are a whole  bunch of somethings in the budget that this administration is looking  at because they are serious about this.   I definitely agree with the gentleman's comments about the importance  of small businesses and promoting them in this country. About half of  the people in America in the private sector work for, by definition, a  small business. About 70 percent of the new jobs created in America are  created by small businesses. There are 29 million small businesses all  across America. They are contained in all 435 of our congressional  districts. They are absolutely key.   We have a history, and I think most Members who deal with the Small  Business Committee realize this, of working in a bipartisan manner--the  ranking member, Nydia Velazquez who is from New York, myself now the  chair, and I have been the ranking member under her in the past, so we  really do work together on these, as do the other members of the  committee.   We are willing to take a look at this down the road, but I would just  have to reiterate my initial comment here is that I have to urge my  colleagues, at this point, to oppose this amendment along with the  administration and the Small Business Administration itself, which does  oppose this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Heck).   The amendment was rejected.   The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 212 will  not be offered.   The Chair understands that amendment No. 213 will not be offered.   