 Mr. President, over the years, Congress has enacted  laws to make workplaces safer and fairer and to raise wages for  American workers. These laws protect American workers. These laws make  America more productive. And these laws help to preserve good, safe,  middle-class jobs.   The Fair Labor Standards Act introduced the 40-hour workweek,  established a national minimum wage, and guaranteed time-and-a-half for  overtime. The Occupational Safety and Health Act ensures that employers  keep the workplace free from hazards like toxic chemicals, excessive  noise levels, mechanical dangers, or unsanitary conditions. The Civil  Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discrimination by employers because of  race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. The American with  Disabilities Act prohibits unjustified discrimination based on  disability. The Rehabilitation Act of 1973 requires affirmative action  to employ qualified individuals With disabilities. The Age  Discrimination in Employment Act forbids employment discrimination  against older workers. The Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment  Assistance Act requires equal opportunity and affirmative action for  veterans. The Equal Pay Act addressed wage disparities based on gender.  The Family and Medical Leave Act requires covered employers to provide  employees job-protected unpaid leave for qualified medical and family  reasons. The Davis-Bacon Act requires paying the local prevailing wages  on public works projects. And the National Labor Relations Act protects  the rights of private sector employees to organize into trade unions,  engage in collective bargaining for better terms and work conditions,  and take collective action including strike if necessary. These laws  are already on the books. It is already against the law for Federal  contractors to violate them. The obligation to comply with basic  workplace protections applies to employers, whether they are government  contractors or not and that obligation will remain in force regardless  of what Congress does on the rule today.   At issue today is a rule that simply requires contractors to share  information about their history of compliance with workplace  protections in the last 3 years before getting a Federal contract. The  rule does not impose any new compliance obligations on government  contractors.   It has long been a tenet of Federal Government contracting that it is  better to contract with responsible contractors that abide by the law,  including labor laws. It also furthers economy and efficiency. Many  studies find a strong correlation between labor law compliance and  performance. One study found that from 2005 to 2009, one quarter of the  companies that committed the top workplace violations and later  received Federal contracts had significant performance problems on  their contracts. It is not surprising that employers that abide by the  law also do a better job on their contracts.   In the mid-1990s, however, the Government Accountability Office, then  known as the General Accounting Office, found that the Government had  awarded Federal contracts worth more than $60 billion to companies that  had violated the National Labor Relations Act or the Occupational  Safety and Health Act. More than 10 years later, the GAO found that the  pattern continued. GAO found that almost two-thirds of the largest  wage-and-hour violations and almost 40 percent of the largest workplace  health-and-safety penalties issued between 2005 and 2009 were made  against companies that went on to receive new Government contracts.  Between 2007 and 2012, 49 Federal contractors responsible for large  violations of  [[Page S1598]]  Federal labor laws were forced to pay more than $91 million in back  wages.   To help address this problem, in August of last year, the Department  of Defense, the General Services Administration, and NASA jointly  issued the rule that we are talking about today. The rule amended the  Federal Acquisition Regulation to implement Executive Order 13,673 on  Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces. That Executive order was designed to  increase efficiency and cost savings in Federal contracting by  increasing contractor compliance with labor laws. At the same time last  August, the Department of Labor issued guidance to help Federal  agencies implement the Executive Order and the rule.   The rule also prohibited companies with contracts larger than $1  million from denying employees who are the victims of sexual assault,  sexual harassment, or discrimination their day in court by forcing them  to arbitrate these claims.   The rule helps to provide a level playing field for businesses that  play by the rules. By requiring disclosure of violations, it encourages  contractors to pay fair wages and provide safe workplaces. The rule  helps to ensure that the government awards Federal contracts and the  taxpayer dollars that fund them to responsible employers that comply  with workplace safety laws, antidiscrimination laws, sexual harassment  laws, and minimum wage and overtime laws. Without the rule, millions of  taxpayer dollars would go to businesses that break these laws.   After my home State of Maryland implemented a living wage standard  for contractors, the average number of bids for State contracts  actually increased by nearly 30 percent. Nearly half of contractors  interviewed by the State government said that the new standards  encouraged them to bid, because the standards leveled the playing  field.   Under the Federal rule, prospective contractors report the  information themselves. The vast majority of contractors adhere to  labor laws. If a prospective contractor does not have any violations,  it simply checks a box.   Companies that do business with the government employ one in five  Americans, so this rule improves the lives of millions of workers.   In September of last year, Donald Trump delivered a speech on jobs at  the New York Economic Club. In that speech, Mr. Trump advocated what he  called ``a new policy of Americanism.'' ``Under this American System,''  Mr. Trump said, ``every policy decision we make must pass a simple  test: Does it create more jobs and better wages for Americans?'' The  rule at issue today passes that test. It helps to create better wages  for Americans. And repealing the rule would flunk the test that Mr.  Trump laid out last year. Nonetheless, once again the Republican  majority seeks to employ the blunt instrument of the Congressional  Review Act to repeal that rule today.   Some critics label the Fair Pay rule as a ``blacklisting'' rule. But  the rule does not require a contracting officer to deny any contract  based on a history of labor violations. The rule simply provides  information to contracting officers to help them make decisions that  about whether a contractor is responsible. The goal of the rule is to  encourage companies to come into compliance--not to bar them.   Enacting this Congressional Review Act disapproval resolution could  effectively stop any new rules on the disclosure of labor law  violations or the consideration of labor law violations as a  requirement for Federal procurement contracts. Enacting this resolution  will send the wrong message to companies who are tempted to skirt the  law. And enacting this resolution will make it more likely that Federal  dollars once again go to law-breaking contractors.   This resolution goes in the wrong direction, and thus I oppose it.   