 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Woodall) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Woodall serves not only the Rules Committee and this  body in the Republican majority, but he is also our designee to the  Budget Committee and has excelled in excess of understanding the  intricate details that not only move this great Nation, but the  arguments, a balance between them. I appreciate the gentleman very,  very much.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer some advice that I just received  from the Governor of the State of Texas, Governor Abbott, who took time  to call me. I also want to address the distinguished gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Hastings), my very dear friend.   During that record-setting year, we also made in order over 560  amendments. That is 560 amendments that people came to the Rules  Committee, had literally a committee that engaged them on the substance  of their ideas, listened to it, believed that that substance had a good  place for debate on this floor. Not necessarily every idea should be  vetted here. Sometimes it is vetted in committee, subcommittee.  Sometimes it is vetted at the Rules Committee, and sometimes we do not  make those ideas in order.   This morning was no different. There were a lot of great ideas. As a  matter of fact, the minority leader, Ms. Pelosi, came to the Rules  Committee for several hours. The gentleman, the minority whip, Mr.  Hoyer, came a slightly less amount of time, but no doubt came to the  Rules Committee and offered us advice about not only what we are doing  but presented the arguments about what they were for. They were given  unlimited opportunity to discuss that.   There was some limit that we had to offer our challenges back, but it  was an open process, and I appreciate Ms. Pelosi and all the members of  the committee doing that.   Mr. Speaker, the reason why I came down is to say--and there are lots  of stories that go on, but the story that I was just told by the  Governor of the State of Texas is that Texas--not unlike the islands of  Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, the great State of Florida that  were in the way of a hurricane--was record-setting rain, 60 inches. It  lasted 8 or 9 days. It did incredible damage.   This body has taken time to now study getting money back to those  affected areas, and the determination that was made by this body is  some $81 billion. I just found out that the State of Texas has  calculated their part of the $81 billion, and it is less than 15  percent of the total. Less than 15 percent of that total will actually  be going to the largest storm in the history of America.   I did not offer a complaint. I was surprised. I would have thought it  would be in the 50 percent realm. I would have thought it would have  been higher. But what I want to say is that not everybody gets  everything they want in this town, not even if they are the  [[Page H10354]]  Governor of the State of Texas, with a large delegation like Texas.   It is a difficult time we all go through, and I offered and expressed  my confidence to the Governor that I would certainly go look at this.  It is the first time I learned of this. Less than 15 percent of the  emergency funds that will be presumptively agreed to today, of this  huge storm, goes to Texas. I just thought that was worthy of me to take  time to come and pass on information that I had not known about,  information that I was provided. It tells us how large the need is in  this country when the largest storm only gets 15 percent.   So I am a ``yes.'' I am a ``yes'' for the other 85 percent that is  not going to be in Texas also. I am a ``yes'' because I have seen the  fires in California, I have seen the damage from--and Judge Hastings  kept us up to date. I have been aware of Ambassador Patrick Rooney, who  talked with us about the devastation; and Tom Rooney in Florida; and  certainly Byrne Buchanan, who spoke with us about the damage to the  crops--lots of big problems.   I am going to vote for the other 85 percent, too, not just the 15  percent for my home State.   I want to thank the gentleman for allowing me time to share my ideas  on the floor. I wish Judge Hastings a Merry Christmas.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), who spent 2\1/2\ hours today in the Rules  Committee fighting on behalf of the DREAMers.   