 Mr. President, we are struggling right now to find a  replacement for the Affordable Care Act. The American people have voted  in four successive elections for such a replacement, culminating in the  election of Donald Trump to be President of the United States.   Now, one can ask oneself, if the Affordable Care Act is so great, why  would the American people continue to want to have a different program?  I think the wisdom of the American people is that they do not want the  government so intrusive in their lives, and secondly, there is a sense  that somehow the Affordable Care Act is not entirely fair, that perhaps  there are some who do better under the Affordable Care Act than others.  Our country is about equity.   By the way, I am a physician, and for 25 years I have worked in the  public hospital system of Louisiana trying to get healthcare for those  who otherwise did not have it. I am all about those who do not have  insurance or those who are fully insured getting better care.  Ultimately, to have better care, there has to be adequate financing for  that care. So we begin to look at the numbers that underlie how the  Affordable Care Act--ObamaCare, if you will--finances healthcare across  the Nation. It is very interesting.   If you look at the numbers from Health and Human Services, three  States--Massachusetts, California, and New York--get 37 percent of the  money that ObamaCare spends on Medicaid expansion and health insurance  access. Three States get 37 percent. And although I don't have an  accurate depiction of what the demography is, I estimate their  population to be roughly 18 percent, if that much, of our Nation's  total population. So they get twice as much, if you will, on a per- beneficiary basis than the rest of the Nation put together. That is not  fair. And if we are going to provide access for patients--our fellow  Americans--to healthcare, ultimately we have to have adequate financial  resources to do so.   My colleague Senator Graham will speak in more detail about the  inequities between the States, but let me just say as a guideline, how  do we create equity? How do we create fairness so it is not just three  States that benefit, but wherever you live, if the Federal taxpayers  are contributing to your access to insurance, you get about the same  amount whether you are in Louisiana, Colorado, South Carolina,  Mississippi, or in California, Massachusetts, or New York? That is  about equity.   What we attempt to do--and we are going to submit this as part of the  Graham-Cassidy amendment--is we attempt to establish fairness for all  Americans in terms of the support they receive from the Federal  taxpayer. What we will do, beginning in 2020, is begin to equalize the  payments between those States receiving very little, those States  receiving a lot more, and those States that are kind of right where  they should be. We do this by beginning with a formula that  acknowledges that the poorer the people, the more support they need;  the older the person, the higher their medical expenses. So between  poverty and age, it is a good starting point about how to divide those  dollars. Between 2020 and 2026, we will actually gradually move those  high-cost States down, those lower cost States up, and keep those just- about-right States just about right, until at the end, wherever that  American lives, she or he is getting about the same amount as every  other patient receiving support across the country.   When we say this--I am a physician. I know that if you have more  disease burden in one State, that is a costlier population. If your  average age is greater in one State, that is another aspect of a  costlier population. We can go through those sorts of factors. So we do  put wiggle room at the end, so that if a State is higher cost because  they have more disease, they would get a little bit more money. But on  the whole, if you net it out, wherever that American lives, she or he  would get about the same amount of money.   Senator Graham will go over this in more detail, but it turns out  that the average American receiving benefits under the Affordable Care  Act--if you combine Medicaid expansion and the tax credits people  receive, the average credit is somewhere in the mid-$6,000 range; call  it $6,400, $6,500. But if you look at what some States receive, in  Massachusetts, it is about $18,000 per person. Now, that is a lot of  money. So if the average is $6,600 and in one State it is $18,000, that  is not fair.   Now, I would submit that if we equalize that treatment; if we just  treat people fairly; if no matter where you live, the amount you get is  not dependent upon the State in which you live but upon your need, then  we can actually provide access. We can fulfill President Trump's  campaign pledges of continuing coverage, caring for those with  preexisting conditions, lowering premiums--lowering premiums--and  eliminating mandates.   By the way, it isn't just Republican-represented States that would  benefit. We can look at West Virginia. These are some preliminary  numbers. West Virginia would receive in 2020 about 43 percent more than  they would based upon current trajectories. Indiana would receive about  48 percent more. Let's look at Montana. Montana would receive about--my  gosh--Montana would receive over 100 percent more than they are  currently scheduled to receive.   This takes the money that has already been allocated, and instead of  focusing it on three States--there are a few more; call it seven, but  those are the States that really bring it home--if, instead of all of  this Federal largess going to three States, we distribute it fairly,  all Americans can do better. All Americans can do better.   Ultimately, we should be about fairness in this Chamber, not about  partisan politics.   I thank the Chair for the privilege of addressing this issue, and I  now defer to my colleague from South Carolina.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Carolina.   