 Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my strong  opposition to H.J. Res. 42.   I think most Americans are tired of hearing about what President  Obama did or didn't do while, at the same time, it seems like it has  been years since we had his stable leadership and we have been  proceeding under the chaos of the current administration. It seems like  much longer than 25 days.   But I will tell you, the campaign is over. It was a long campaign.  Throughout the entire campaign, the Republicans controlled both Houses  of Congress, House and Senate, and we had the President who was a  Democrat. So the Republicans complained that they weren't able to do  anything and they needed a Republican President.   Now they have a Republican President, and what have they done during  this last 25 days in terms of a jobs bill? Not one, not one job created  in the last 25 days.   If the public goes back and looks over the calendar of proceedings  for this body, they will find that it has simply been one regulatory  bill after another, to change a regulation that was set during the  Obama administration. That is all we have been doing over the last 3- plus weeks is trying to reverse regulations--not one affirmative bill  that establishes one job.   So what are they doing? They are kind of dancing for the American  people, while the House burns, while the President is conducting  foreign policy at Mar-a-Lago, in the open air, to impress all of his  well-heeled friends that have paid $100,000 and now have to pay  $200,000 to join his club, while we should be overseeing the operations  of the Trump Hotel and who is paying millions of dollars to reserve  banquet facilities in that taxpayer-owned location.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Jody B. Hice of Georgia). The time of  the gentleman has expired.   Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. I yield the gentleman an additional 2  minutes.    Those are the issues that the American people  certainly would be interested in knowing, what is happening with their  property.   But instead of creating a jobs bill, what we are dealing with here is  a measure that would repeal a Department of Labor rule that limits  which unemployment compensation applicants can be tested for drugs.   Supporters of this resolution are suggesting that there is a nexus  between losing your job and being unemployed and illicit drug abuse.  However, there is no evidence that suggests higher drug use among  unemployed workers compared to the general population; though I will  concede that it has been a time-honored tradition that when you lose  your job, you go down to the local bar and drown in a glass of beer.   But nobody is talking about disabusing alcohol abuse with this  legislation--no alcohol testing, just drug testing.   Why?   It is because they want to get at a certain group of people who they  want to deprive of the ability to receive the unemployment compensation  that they have paid in and earned.   It is penny-wise and pound-foolish to take away the financial  security for people who have the least. That is the only thing they  have, and you are going to take it away from them and make them pay for  the drug test, too. It is ridiculous.    We should be considering legislation that would create jobs and  address economic disparities, but instead, we are looking to roll back  provisions that undergird the financial security of the most vulnerable  among us. I would ask that my colleagues oppose this H.J. Res. 42 and  get on with the business that matters most to the American people.   