 Mr. President, I rise today to talk for a few minutes  about the nomination of our congressional colleague, Congressman Tom  Price, also known as Dr. Tom Price, to serve as our next Secretary for  the Department of Health and Human Services. When Senator Tester  arrives on the floor, I will yield to him. I know he has reserved time.  I will be happy to yield to him when he arrives.   But until then, I just want to make a couple of comments, if I could.   From the outset, my colleagues--our colleagues and I; not all, but a  number of us--have had concerns, in some cases very grave concerns,  about many of  [[Page S1008]]  President Trump's nominees. Having said that, a number of them have  gotten overwhelming support from both Democrats and Republicans. I  checked as of sometime yesterday afternoon. There had been seven votes  on nominees at that time. I think four of them had gotten overwhelming  bipartisan support; three did not.   But from the outset, my colleagues and I have had grave concerns  about many of President Trump's nominees. But we have a responsibility,  I believe, to thoroughly consider every Cabinet nominee on the merits  of his or her fitness to serve.   To evaluate Congressman Price's nomination, I looked--and a number of  us have looked--at his career in the U.S. House of Representative,  which I believe spans some six terms, which would be somewhere between  10 and 12 years. We did that in order to learn more about his guiding  principles as a legislator.   All of us have guiding principles. I know the Presiding Officer, who  has shared with me his guiding principles any number of times, but mine  include trying to figure out what is the right thing to do--not the  easy or expedient thing, but what is the right thing to do; to treat  other people the way we want to be treated; three, to focus on  excellence in everything we do. If it is not perfect, make it better.  Four, when you know you are right, you are sure you are right, just  don't give up. Those are sort of my guiding principles. I sometimes  violate one or more every week. But I always know that I have them, and  it is actually helpful to have sort of a compass to get me back on  track.   But we wanted to learn more about the guiding principles for  Congressman Price as we considered his nomination, his core values.  During Congressman Price's time in the U.S. House of Representatives,  he spearheaded efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, which I  regard as landmark health legislation that has provided 22 million  Americans, including about 35,000 Delawareans with affordable,  reliable, and comprehensive health insurance coverage.   Some people say: Well, is it perfect? No, it is not. No, it is not.   Well, I guess ever since Harry Truman was President, you had one  President after the other, one administration after the other,  bemoaning the fact that we had so many Americans who didn't have access  to health care coverage.   So the question would be: Well, why don't you do something about it?   One of the things that we have done about it is to finally pass the  Affordable Care Act, and I will talk more about that in a little bit.   Congressman Price has opposed the Affordable Care Act from day one,  leading his colleagues in the House of Representatives to obstruct and  sometimes undermine, first, the drafting of the law and, then, its  implementation.   Instead of working with colleagues from both parties to offer  improvements to the new law, he rallied against the need for essential  benefits, such as contraception or mental health treatment or, frankly,  access to medical procedures like colonoscopies, mammographies,  prostate screenings--the kinds of things that, for individuals who are  at risk of having colon cancer or breast cancer, if they had access to  those kinds of screenings, could be detected earlier, with a lot of  money saved, a lot of misery saved or avoided. In some cases, a loss of  life is avoided as well.   Congressman Price introduced proposals to repeal the Affordable Care  Act, doubling down high deductible plans and high-risk pools, which  have a failed history of inadequate funding, waiting lists, and annual  or lifetime limits.   Over the past few months, our Republican colleagues have said loud  and clear that they will repeal the Affordable Care Act, and Candidate  Trump certainly said that many times during the campaign. When he was  elected, he said that one of his major goals was to repeal the  Affordable Care Act. When he became President, it was the same message.  But at the same time, we have heard from stakeholders across the health  care sector about what will happen if the Affordable Care Act is  repealed without a replacement. Plain and simple, doing nothing would  unfurl chaos across the health care delivery system. The individual  market, the marketplaces, the exchanges would collapse. Estimates  project that more than 32 million Americans would become uninsured over  the next decade. Health insurance premiums in the individual market  would skyrocket, increasing by up to 25 percent immediately and  doubling again by 2026.   From what I can tell, the cause to which Mr. Price has dedicated  himself--and that is, repealing the Affordable Care Act with no plan to  take its place--would devastate people's lives and our economy.   As we prepare to vote on his nomination, I think it is appropriate to  remind our colleagues how we got here and the hard work that we did to  approve a health care reform bill that is helping millions of people  today.   I have a couple of charts that I would like for us to take a look at.  We have on the right of this chart the United States of America, and on  the left, we have Japan, a place I used to fly in and out of a lot when  I was a naval flight officer during the Cold War.   One of the things that we learned a few years ago--6, 7, or 8 years  ago--when we were debating what to do, if anything, in the last  administration about extending health care coverage to a lot of  Americans who didn't have it, we looked at countries around the world  in the Finance Committee to see who was doing a better job and who was  not. Among the interesting things that we found out about Japan was  that they were spending about 8 percent of gross domestic product to  provide health care coverage to the folks in their country--8 percent.  In the United States, at the time, we were spending 18 percent of gross  domestic product, more than twice of what they were spending in Japan.   Think about it: 8 percent of GDP to provide coverage and 18 percent  of GDP in the United States.   You might say: Well, maybe that is because we were covering a lot  more people in the United States than they cover in Japan. Well, as it  turns out, just the opposite is true, because not only do they spend in  Japan like half as much as a percentage of GDP as we do, but they  actually get better results, lower rates of infant mortality, higher  rates of longevity among adults, and they cover everybody. They cover  everybody.   When the Affordable Care Act was adopted, we had somewhere between 40  and 50 million Americans who would go to bed at night without any  health care coverage at all.   I like to say the Japanese are smart people, and they are good allies  of ours, good customers of ours. They can't be that smart, and we  cannot be that dumb.   So as we were going through the debate on the Affordable Care Act in  the Finance Committee about 6 or 7 years ago, one of the things we did  is to say: Well, let's look at some other countries and see if they are  doing something that maybe we could learn from and maybe we could take  to heart and sort of reshape our health care delivery system with that  in mind.   One of the things they do really well in Japan is they provide good  access to primary health care. If you happen to live in Japan, you  don't have to go very far in your neighborhood to find a health care  provider. It might be maybe someone like an RN, or it might be  something like an advanced practice nurse and maybe a primary care doc,  but they have easy access to primary health care.   What they like to do in Japan is to define problems and to address  problems when they are small and when they can be treated. They focus a  whole lot on prevention and wellness. That is a great lesson. If you  look at the Affordable Care Act, that is a lesson that we learned and  incorporated into that legislation.   The heading on this chart is this: The Affordable Care Act is a  Republican plan. Surprise. Why do I say that? Well, when you go back to  1993, we had a new President, Bill Clinton, and a new First Lady,  Hillary Clinton. She basically felt--and I think her husband did, too-- that every President, every administration since maybe Truman, had been  talking about the need to try to make sure a lot more Americans had  access to health care--quality health care--but nobody could actually  figure out how to do it.  [[Page S1009]]    So Hillary Clinton began working in 1993 on health care, and people  eventually called it HillaryCare--HillaryCare. If my life depended on  it, I could not explain the elements of HillaryCare, but I could  explain the elements of the Republican alternative that was offered to  it. It was introduced by a fellow named John Chafee, a Republican  Senator from the State of Rhode Island, and it had a number of elements  to it. So I just want to mention these five elements that were found in  the Republican alternative in 1993 to HillaryCare.   Senator Chafee's bill is the column right here. The next column over  is called RomneyCare--right here. Farthest from me--my left, your  right--is the Affordable Care Act.   We will look at five different components. As to individual mandate,  which of these proposals had the individual mandate and which did not?  As to employer mandate, which of these proposals included the employer  mandate and which did not?   There is the ban on preexisting conditions--the idea that insurance  companies could not say: Oh, because you had breast cancer, because you  had this or that--patient or health care--if someone needs health care  but they have preexisting conditions, insurance companies can't say you  can't get coverage because there was a ban included on that.   As to subsidies for purchasing health insurance, which of these had  it and which did not?   And we are going to look at the idea of--we will call them  exchanges--purchasing in bulk.   When we were debating the Affordable Care Act, people would say: Why  do you want to do this?   I would say: Well, look at the Federal Government. In the Federal  Government, you have the legislative branch, the executive branch, and  the judicial branch. If folks work as full-time employees, they can get  access to health care. We get our coverage usually through private  insurers. The Federal Government provides about 70 percent of the  premium costs; the individuals provide about 30 percent of the premium  cost. It is a large purchasing pool because we have over a million  people in the Federal Government purchasing pool. We don't get free or  cheap insurance, but it helps drive down the cost because you are  buying health care coverage for a lot of people.   Somebody had a bright idea in 1993--John Chafee, I think, and the  folks working with him, 20 Republican Senators and 3 Democrats, who  said maybe we ought to give folks who don't have health care coverage  the opportunity to buy their coverage in large group plans, much like  we have in the Federal Government.   I will just hit the pause button right there and stop my remarks for  now and yield the floor to the Senator from Montana.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Montana.    Mr. President, I don't speak often on the floor, but it  seems that whenever I do, you are the Presiding Officer. I have said  this before, but you are a glutton for punishment. I thank you for your  willingness to show up day after day.   I was going to talk a little bit about the Affordable Care Act as it  relates to Congressman Price, who has been nominated to be Secretary  for the Department of Health and Human Services.   Before I do, I want to follow up on the comments of my friend Senator  John Barrasso, who is the chairman of the Environment and Public Works  Committee on which we both serve. He is the senior Republican, and I am  pleased and really privileged to be the senior Democrat alongside him.   What I would just say in response is--if Senator Schumer were here,  he would be perfectly capable of thinking for himself and defending  himself, but I would say this: On the question of whether Judge Gorsuch  will have a  [[Page S1013]]  hearing, I think he will have a hearing, and he should have a hearing.  On the question of whether there will be a 60-vote margin--the last  couple of people who have been confirmed for the Supreme Court, both  Democrats, were confirmed by more than 60 votes.   I don't know Judge Gorsuch well, but I do know Merrick Garland pretty  well, and I must say I am disappointed that he never got a hearing,  although he was nominated by Barack Obama when there was almost 10  months remaining in President Obama's term. Not only did he not get a  hearing, a lot of folks on the other side of the aisle couldn't find  the time to meet with him, and he never had a vote--a 60-vote margin or  even a simple majority, 51 votes.   For us to now hear it is important that Judge Gorsuch get a hearing  and get an up-or-down vote, I just wish I had heard those voices here  over the last year when a very good man was treated I think very  badly--very badly. That was Merrick Garland. That is for another day,  but I couldn't let the moment pass without saying anything.   Mr. President, to back up to about 30 minutes ago, I was talking  about the Affordable Care Act, and I yielded to Senators Tester,  Isakson, and Barrasso. Now I want to come back to where I was.   I am a Democrat. I am proud to be a Democrat, a retired Navy Captain,  and I went to graduate school, undergraduate at Ohio State, Navy ROTC,  studied economics. After the Navy, after the Vietnam war, I moved from  California to Delaware, got an MBA at the University of Delaware and  studied some more economics and some other things in their MBA program.  I became State treasurer, Congressman, Governor, Senator.   I have always been intrigued by how we harness market forces. How do  we harness market forces for good public policy outcomes? You don't  always hear Democrats say that, but that is the way I think. I think if  we can find ways to harness market forces and achieve a good public  policy outcome, that is a good thing. We ought to try to find them, and  I think if we can, we can generate good bipartisan support for our  ideas. At the end of the day, if it meets our goals, so be it.   I keep going back to 1993, which is when John Chafee, whom I knew--I  was a Congressman then. Actually, in 1933, he introduced his own  version of the Affordable Care Act, cosponsored, I think, by 20 other  Republicans and maybe 3 Democrats. Among the Republican cosponsors of  John Chafee's legislation--which actually looks like the Affordable  Care Act--were a couple of Republicans who are still here. One of them  is the chairman of the Finance Committee, Orrin Hatch, and the other is  the fellow on the Finance Committee who is actually senior in terms of  the Finance Committee to Orrin, and that is Chuck Grassley. They  cosponsored the 1993 legislation that Chafee introduced.   I want to take just a moment and go through the five key provisions  in Senator John Chafee's 1993 legislation. I will start here at the  bottom of this chart.   One of the things we see in the Chafee legislation was the idea that  folks who did not have access to health care and were not part of a  large group plan would have an opportunity to have the benefit as we do  in the Federal Government and, like half the people who get health care  in the country, get coverage through a large group plan. So there would  be a large group buying access to health care coverage for a lot of  individual people who happen to be in that group; maybe they work for  the same employer.   But Senator Chafee came up with a good idea, and the idea was that we  might want to create in each State something called exchanges or  marketplaces where people who didn't have coverage could find coverage  and be part of a larger group and enjoy the benefits of being part of  that larger group. I think they called them exchanges. They may have  called them purchasing groups. But it was a 1993 idea.   He also said that folks who got their coverage through one of these  exchanges or marketplaces in 1 of 50 States should get some help in  buying down the cost of health care premiums if they are getting  coverage through the exchange or the purchasing pool in their State,  the marketplace, and we would call that a sliding scale tax credit. The  lower the income of the person buying their health care coverage  through the marketplace, the bigger the tax credit, and as a person's  income goes up, the size of the tax credit goes down and eventually  goes away. That was in Senator Chafee's legislation in 1993.   Also in Senator Chafee's legislation was something called an  individual mandate, which basically said that under his proposal,  people had to get coverage. You couldn't make somebody get coverage if  they absolutely refused to, but the idea was to penalize people in one  way or another, maybe with a fine or something like that, and say: If  you don't get coverage, we can't force you to, but we are going to  impose a fine or penalty on you, and over time, that fine or penalty  will increase. Maybe eventually you will say: Well, I am paying this  fine or this penalty, and it is going to be pretty expensive. Maybe I  ought to get health care coverage to avoid the penalty. That is called  the individual mandate.   Chafee's mandate was that employers of a certain size would be  required to provide health care coverage for employees. It was a  mandate, not for all employers but for a number of them when they  reached a certain number of employees.   Then the fifth provision in the Chafee plan in 1993 was a ban on  preexisting conditions. Some know that the Presiding Officer is a  physician in his State. And a number of people in my State, I am sure  in his State as well, lost coverage because they had a preexisting  condition. Maybe they had coverage for a while, and they lost coverage  or lost their job or something like that, and then they had a condition  that could be a scare with colon cancer, breast cancer, prostate  cancer--you name it--and they eventually planned to sign up to get  health care coverage, and because of the preexisting condition, they  couldn't get it. So what Chafee said in his proposal to insurance  companies was: You cannot refuse to provide coverage for someone  because they have a preexisting condition.   The health insurance companies said: Well, if you are going to put  that preexisting condition on us, then we have to have the individual  mandate. In these State exchanges you are going to create, Senator  Chafee, we have to make sure there are people in the purchasing pools  in each of the States who are young and invincible, like our pages  sitting here in front of me today--young, healthy. They just can't be  people that are old and infirm and not well because they will consume a  lot of health care costs. We need a mixed pool that is insurable so  insurance companies can insure this pool for health care and not lose  their shirts.   That was the long and short of it in the Republican plan from Senator  Chafee, with some bipartisan support in 1993.   Mitt Romney became Governor of Massachusetts sometime after the turn  of the century, and he was interested in running for President. He is a  smart guy. Some of us know him, some better than others. But he is a  very smart fellow. He is smart enough to know that if he wanted to run  for President some day--and he did--one of the things he could do that  could help bolster his chances was to be able to demonstrate after  years and years of people talking about providing health care coverage  to just about everyone in our country, he could actually say: We did  this in our State. We actually provided coverage for just about  everybody in Massachusetts who needed coverage. When he decided to do  this, he was smart enough to go back to Senator Chafee's blueprint from  the 1993 legislation.   It was a decade later that Mitt Romney became Governor. I say this as  a recovering Governor myself: You are always looking for what works to  see if it might be transferrable to your State. But he seized on  Senator Chafee's proposal, and the similarities are pretty striking.  Like the Chafee plan, RomneyCare--they call it RomneyCare--created  these State exchanges, or purchasing pools, just as in Chafee's  legislation. They had the sliding scale tax credits to help them buy  coverage, buy their health insurance through the purchasing pool so  people with a lower income could get a bigger tax credit, and as their  income goes up, the credit gets smaller and smaller,  [[Page S1014]]  and then it finally phases out. That is what they did in RomneyCare.   The third thing they had was a ban on preexisting conditions in  Massachusetts. If someone had a preexisting condition, the insurance  company could not say: No, no coverage for you. They had to provide  coverage. Just like insurers told Senator Chafee all those years ago in  1993; that if we are going to have to insure people because of  preexisting conditions, you have to give us a pool of people to insure,  that we can insure and not lose our shirts. That included individual  mandates so we could have the young, the healthy in the pool, and at  the same time call for the employer mandate so employers of a certain  size had to ensure that their employees were getting health care  coverage.    That was in the Romney plan. They launched it about a decade ago, and  right off the bat it was warmly embraced by the people of  Massachusetts. They thought this could be cool. And it was good. It was  the right thing to do. It might just work and be an example for the  rest of the country. So they had a warm embrace and a good launch.   In the first couple of years, they did a good job in RomneyCare in  covering a lot of people and reducing the number of people who did not  have coverage. What they didn't do such a good job on, though, for the  first several years, was on the affordability side.   Health care costs continued to rise in Massachusetts. There were  several reasons for that, one of which was the individual mandate. They  had a fine. So if you happen to be young and maybe you didn't think you  needed health care, you had to pay a fine if you were a certain age and  didn't sign up. It was an increasing fine that went up over time.  Eventually, people decided, Well, if I have to pay this fine, I might  as well get health care coverage, but they didn't do it initially. They  were negative in terms of coverage.   Eventually, in Massachusetts not only did they do a good job in  increasing coverage, they actually did a pretty good job on  affordability. One of the reasons is, they had a good mix of people in  their pools and a fair amount of competition between health insurance  companies and providers--competition.   Fast forward to 2009, the Affordable Care Act. When the Affordable  Care Act was reported out of committee to come here to the floor, what  did it have? It had, No. 1, let's create these State large purchasing  pools, State exchanges and marketplaces, and that is in Chafee's bill  and in RomneyCare. It had sliding scale tax credits to help buy down  the cost of coverage in the exchanges and marketplaces. There was a ban  on preexisting conditions, but insurers said: No, we can't insure the  people you want us to, we will have to cover everybody, and those who  have preexisting conditions, you have to make sure we have a good mix  of people in the insurance pool.   So just like in Chafee and in RomneyCare, we had the individual  mandate. You can't make people get coverage, but you can have an  accelerating scale so people will eventually bite and get the coverage,  and we also had the employer mandate. Not every employer but a certain  size number of employers had to have--had to cover their employees.   It is kind of remarkable. I think if you talked to most people in  this country, and you walked through this, they would be amazed to know  that the Affordable Care Act, with these five major provisions, was  actually stolen, plagiarized, from a Republican Senator, Chafee, in  1993; but from Governor Romney's proposal.   There is more to the Affordable Care Act, including the expansion of  Medicaid coverage--not for everybody, but up to 135 percent or so of  poverty, and the real focus on how do we move from a sick care system,  where we just spend money on health care for people who are sick, why  don't we spend some money to try and make sure people stay well, on  prevention and wellness, early access to care, so folks can get a  colonoscopy maybe before they come down with colon cancer or get a  mammogram before breast cancer, those kinds of things.   One of the great things of the Affordable Care Act, little known to  most people, is the idea that we need to collaborate in the delivery of  health care so it is not just one hospital working by itself but maybe  build a network of hospitals, and maybe with these, working with doctor  groups, groups of doctors. The idea is to collaborate in the delivery  of health care in ways that focus on wellness, prevention, and that is,  I think, little noticed; the idea of better results for less money. I  call it value, looking for value.   That is just a little bit of history, and I think it is worth looking  at.   Could we look at the next one.   I have a pie chart I would like to share with everybody. I don't know  if the Presiding Officer has seen this before. I have used it once or  twice. This is a pie chart that has about 300 million people in it, and  this represents the 300 million or so people in our country who have  health care coverage. The blue represents those folks who get their  coverage through their employer. It doesn't mean the employer pays for  all the costs of their health care; the employer pays the majority, and  maybe the employees pay some fraction or percentage of that coverage.  Over half the people in the country today getting health care coverage  are those in large group plans. If you look at what is going on with  premium increases, and increases in copays and deductibles, my  understanding is the premium increases for these folks--over half of  the 300 million people in the pool--we actually compared premium  increases before the ACA was adopted and the years after, and premiums  still go up for these folks but not by as much as they had before the  Affordable Care Act was adopted.   So that is how most people get their coverage here.   Next, about--let's see, this green area right here, it has anywhere  between 15 and 20 percent of people who get health care coverage in  this country, they are in Medicare, the 65 and over or totally  disabled, unable to work, and qualify for Medicare because of that. One  of the little known things about the Affordable Care Act is that the  Medicare trust fund had been running out of money for quite a while,  and the date at which it eventually runs out of money and will not be  able to provide coverage can continue to get closer and closer. One of  the benefits, little known or noted in the Affordable Care Act, is that  since it was adopted, the life of the Medicare trust fund has been  extended by 12 years. After coming down for years and years and years,  the life of the Medicare trust fund has been extended by 12 years.  Medicare people, they don't buy their coverage on the exchanges, but a  lot of people can still use fee-for-service. Maybe it works for some  people. I don't know if it is the best way to get good coverage for an  affordable price, but we have seen a migration to what is called  Medicare Advantage. I think it is like managed care with a heart and a  head, and now about one-third of the folks on Medicare get that  coverage. Fifteen to twenty percent of the people get their coverage in  this big 300 million-person pie chart from Medicare. About 20 to 25  percent of the people who are getting health care coverage in the  country today get their coverage through Medicaid. Believe it or not,  it is not mostly part families or women with children, it is mostly  people--maybe like our parents or grandparents who are in nursing  homes, a lot of them with dementia. They spend down their resources and  they end up going to nursing homes, and Medicaid pays to help keep them  alive and cared for, and that is anywhere from 20 to 22 percent.   The States previously--virtually every State has a Medicaid plan, but  one of the things we did with the Affordable Care Act was to say we  want to encourage States to cover not just up to 100 percent of poverty  but maybe up to 135 percent of poverty. The Federal Government will pay  about 90 percent of that, and maybe someday less than that, but we want  more people to be covered through Medicaid, which is actually more  cost-effective than the purchasing pools I talked about earlier.   So we have 300 million people getting health care coverage. The  lion's share of them--over 55 percent--get coverage from large group  plans. About 22, 25 percent is Medicaid, about 15 to 20 percent  Medicare, and what is left is about roughly 6 percent or so, they get  their coverage through the exchanges, through the marketplaces.    When our Republican friends and others criticize the marketplaces and  the sliding scale tax credits and the individual mandates, the employer  mandate, and maybe the ban on preexisting  [[Page S1015]]  conditions, what they are criticizing is right here, a very small  portion of the pie, the heart and soul of what was proposed by Senator  Chafee in 1993 and the heart and soul of what was in RomneyCare in  Massachusetts a decade later. There is a certain irony there not lost  on me and I know not on others.   Can we do some things to improve the delivery of health care among  all of these groups? Sure. Can we do it where it covers more people and  does it in a more cost-effective way? Sure we can. But the idea of sort  of getting rid of this--getting rid of particularly the piece down here  and a lot of the other provisions that are represented in this pie  chart, I don't think that makes a lot of sense.   A friend of mine is a firefighter. We work out in Wilmington at the  YMCA before I jump on a train and come to work. We were talking not  long ago about a situation you have with a building that is on fire,  and the people are up in the tall building and maybe can't get down to  the elevators, and they rush to the windows to look out to see if there  is anybody down there. The firefighters are outside the building that  is on fire, and they are yelling with a bull horn up to the folks on  the fourth and fifth floors: Go ahead and jump. We will catch you. But  the people who are being asked to jump notice that the firefighters  don't have any nets.   The idea of health care coverage where we are actually covering a lot  more people, and to say we are going to pull that away from you for 20  million, 30 million more people, and don't worry, somewhere down the  line--a year or 2 or 3 years from now--we will provide the nets to  catch you, I think that makes no sense--no sense.   We got this far, so maybe one more chart.   Who gets hurt by repealing the Affordable Care Act?   I will just say this and then close, I say to my friend from  Maryland.   The answer is everyone. We do not have a lot of rural space in  Delaware. I know we have a lot in Louisiana and quite a bit in  Maryland. But folks who get their coverage from the rural hospitals,  whether it is in Delaware, Maryland, Delmarva, whether it is in  Louisiana, the rural hospitals, they are going to get clobbered if we  repeal the Affordable Care Act and take away the Medicaid expansion,  take away the marketplaces. They will get clobbered and a lot of them  will close. The federally qualified community health centers, they are  going to get clobbered, and they provide coverage for 10 million people  in our country.   When people are denied coverage in those rural hospitals or suburban,  urban hospitals or the federally qualified community health centers,  where people don't get coverage there, they will get health care  somewhere, and it may be going to an emergency room at a hospital,  getting really sick and having to get admitted and then spend a lot of  money. Where does the money come from? From those of us who use the  health care system, who are paying premiums and our employers are  paying premiums. The costs are really absorbed by the hospitals  themselves. It makes not a lot of sense.   The person in the House who has been really in the forefront of  repealing the Affordable Care Act is the person that Donald Trump has  now named to be our Secretary of Health and Human Services. The idea of  having a new Secretary overseeing the Department of Health and Human  Services, someone who is trying to run this program and oversee it and  make sure that it works in a way that provides more coverage at an  affordable price, is actually a person who has been trying to kill it  for as long as he has been in the House of Representatives. Some people  may not be concerned or upset about that, but I am. I think that before  we put that person in charge in that job, we need to remember some of  the lessons I just shared with folks here today. For these reasons, I  cannot support the nomination.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I thank my friend and colleague from  Maryland's neighboring State of Delaware, the senior Senator, Mr.  Carper. I thank him for raising those points about the very negative  impact that repealing the Affordable Care Act would have on so many  folks in Delaware and Maryland and, specifically, rural hospitals. The  Eastern Shore of Maryland and the Delmarva Peninsula have lots of rural  hospitals that will be put in the crosshairs if we repeal the  Affordable Care Act, so I thank the Senator for raising those issues  and sharing with the Senate the impact of what repeal would do.   I rise to oppose the nomination of Tom Price to be Secretary of the  Department of Health and Human Services. I am very familiar with the  views and the policy positions of Congressman Price and the ideas he  has with respect to health care and budget issues facing our Nation.   Before coming to the Senate, I served as the senior Democrat, the  ranking member on the House Budget Committee, and Congressman Price is  the chairman of that committee. I have said this before, and I say it  again; that despite our very deep differences over critical issues  facing our country and health care policies, Representative Price did  conduct the business of the Budget Committee in a professional manner.   I respect the intensity with which he argues his case, but it is  because of his inflexible and highly ideological positions on critical  matters before us that I oppose him. I firmly believe his policies will  do great harm to the health and well-being of tens of millions of  Americans throughout this country. That is why I oppose his nomination  for this very sensitive post.   During the Presidential campaign, Candidate Trump tweeted, ``I was  the first and only potential GOP candidate to state that there will be  no cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.'' President Trump  has repeated those promises since then.   Yet, throughout his tenure in the Congress and throughout his time as  chairman of the House Budget Committee, Representative Price has taken  the exact opposite position, calling for cuts to Medicare, cuts to  Medicaid, cuts to Social Security. He is now going to be overseeing the  Department responsible for Medicare and Medicaid. So let's look at how  Chairman Price's policies would impact those programs and harm the  health care of Americans.   First, on Medicare, he has called for privatizing Medicare through a  voucher program. Make no mistake--seniors on Medicare are going to pay  a lot more under their voucher plan.   Here is how it works: Instead of going to the hospital and having  Medicare cover the costs, seniors will instead get the equivalent of a  voucher. Here is the catch: The value of that voucher will not rise  nearly as fast as the cost of health care in this country, so each year  that goes by, the value of that voucher will pay for less and less  health care for seniors on Medicare.   Yes, Tom Price's plan saves Medicare money. It saves Medicare money  by requiring senior citizens on Medicare to eat the difference--the  difference between the value of the voucher, which is effectively  frozen over time, and the cost of health care that those seniors are  going to need. That is the wrong approach for making savings in  Medicare.   The right approach is the approach taken in the Affordable Care Act,  where we begin to change the incentives in the system, so we encourage  doctors and hospitals to focus on the value of care they provide, not  the volume of care they provide.   Another way in which Representative Price, the President's nominee,  would harm seniors on Medicare is when you repeal the Affordable Care  Act, you reopen what was called the prescription drug doughnut hole.  One of the things the Affordable Care Act did was allow seniors with  high prescription drug costs to not have to choose between paying the  rent or putting food on the table and the cost of their drugs. Over  time, it is closing that doughnut hole that seniors fell into and  couldn't cover the costs of needed prescriptions. When you repeal the  Affordable Care Act, you repeal those protections for seniors. That is  what Tom Price's budget would do. It is right there in his budget plan.   Another harm that would befall seniors is that repealing the  Affordable Care Act wipes out the provision that allows seniors on  Medicare to get free preventive screenings. We want to encourage  seniors, just like everybody  [[Page S1016]]  else, to catch health problems early, so we said: You don't have to pay  these steep copays if you want to get screened for cancer, diabetes, or  whatever it may be. Millions of seniors have now benefited from that-- not only by not having to pay out of pocket but by catching problems  early and getting them treated so they get the health care they want.  But Tom Price's plan would repeal all of that.   If you are a senior on Medicare now or a senior who may be getting to  the point of Medicare or anybody else--we are all going to be there  someday--No. 1, you are going to see the plan turn into a voucher plan,  which is going to cost a lot more for no more health care, maybe less;  you are going to pay more for prescription drugs; and you are going to  pay more for preventive screenings. That is a bad deal, but that is the  Tom Price plan.   Let's take a look at his Medicaid proposal. Again, Candidate Trump  said he wasn't going to cut Medicaid. The budget plan put forward by  Tom Price, chairman of the House Budget Committee, calls for over $1  trillion in cuts to Medicaid over 10 years. It is right there in the  plan. Just read it. They don't make any secret about it. The  accompanying report talks about it--$1 trillion over 10 years.   Many people don't realize this, but two-thirds of the money we spend  for Medicaid goes to provide long-term care to seniors in nursing  homes, to people with severe disabilities, very fragile individuals who  have no other source of medical security. It would cut dramatically  from that. Almost 50 percent--the largest single share of people in  Medicaid--is kids. They are kids.   I just happened to meet today with the head of the Children's  National Health System and his team. His No. 1 plea and request to me:  Don't cut Medicaid. You will hurt kids if you do it.   They provided me some information and facts. What is Medicaid?  Medicaid is the single largest health insurer for children. Medicaid is  a vital program for children. It covers over 30 million children  nationwide. When we cut Medicaid by $1 trillion, we hurt children by  hurting their health care.   In addition to calling for these very deep and damaging cuts to  Medicaid, harming the Medicare program, and raising the costs to  seniors, Representative Tom Price has been one of the fiercest  opponents of the Affordable Care Act, wanting to wipe it out. We hear a  lot about replacement. In other words, the mantra has been, let's  repeal it and replace it. In fact, President Trump, both as candidate  and now, says he is going to replace it with something much better.  Much better. We heard for years Republicans in the House and the Senate  saying they were going to replace it too. We have heard them say that  since the Affordable Care Act was first put in place roughly 7 years  ago: Repeal and replace. But as we are gathered here today, there is  absolutely no replace.   But they did repeal. A lot of people don't realize they repealed it  because President Obama was there to veto the legislation that came to  his desk that repealed the Affordable Care Act. But it was just last  year. Congressman Tom Price--the person who is going to be in charge,  if President Trump has his way, the head of HHS--was the main architect  of that repeal--not repeal and replace; repeal.   The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office--the organization the  Congress relies on to present unbiased analysis--in fact, the current  Director of CBO was selected by the Republican chairman of the House  committee and the Republican chairman of the Senate committee. They  issued a report just last month, January 2017. What would have happened  if Tom Price's repeal had actually been signed by President Obama? What  if that had actually become law? What would have happened to health  care in America? Here is what they said: The number of people who are  uninsured would increase by 18 million in the first plan year following  enactment of the bill. Later, after the elimination of the Affordable  Care Act's expansion of Medicaid eligibility and subsidies, that number  will rise to 32 million in 2026. So in year 1, 18 million Americans  would lose access to health insurance.   How about the cost of premiums? The cost of premiums in the exchanges  have been high, and there are practical things we can do to reduce  them. But if Tom Price had his way, according to the Congressional  Budget Office, here is what would have happened: Premiums in the non- group market, the Affordable Care Act exchanges, would increase by 20  percent to 25 percent relative to current law--in other words, compared  to if we did nothing.   It is really important that the American public understand that the  man the President is asking to be head of Health and Human Services for  the United States of America is the same person who was the architect  of the bill that went to President Obama that within its first year  would have resulted in 18 million Americans losing access to health  care and jacking up premiums by 20, 25 percent in the exchanges. That  is what would have happened. Thank goodness President Obama was there  to veto that legislation. But he is not there anymore, and President  Trump is installing the person who would have had the dramatic negative  impact on the health care of millions of Americans--your constituents,  my constituents--and all of us have heard many stories about the  impact.   I will close where Senator Carper closed because he went through many  examples of who was going to be harmfully impacted by getting rid of  the Affordable Care Act. When we add it all up, it is just about  everybody.   In addition to the 22 million Americans on the health care exchanges  who will lose that access entirely, Americans who get their health care  through their employers--which is most of them--benefit from the  patient protections in that legislation. Frankly, they benefit from the  fact that people who used to not be able to get any health care and who  were showing up in the emergency room and raising the costs for  everybody else--they will have it, which is why, as he said, premiums  for the majority of Americans in the employer market have actually gone  up very slowly compared to what they were doing before the Affordable  Care Act. As I mentioned, seniors on Medicare get socked in the chin.   I just came from a meeting with the head of one of Maryland's rural  hospitals in Western Maryland, out on the Maryland panhandle. This is  an area that Donald Trump carried overwhelmingly with a big vote out in  Western Maryland.   The CEO of Garrett Regional Medical Center came to my office today  and let me know all the good things they are doing for people in  Western Maryland. The last page of this request says: ``Seeking your  support,'' and here is the bullet point: Garrett Regional Medical  Center is very concerned about ACA repeal. Our organization will  implode--implode--without proper replacement.   Yet the legislation, the reconciliation bill that Representative Tom  Price rammed through the House and then they got through the Senate and  went to President Obama's desk, would have done exactly that--it would  have imploded this Western Maryland regional medical center. Imploded  it. President Obama said no.   Now, despite the fact that Candidate Trump tweeted out that he wanted  to protect Medicaid and Medicare, he has appointed somebody to this key  position who has taken the opposite position. That is why I cannot in  good conscience vote in support of this nomination. It is too big a  risk to the health care of Marylanders and to the American people.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.   