 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for the weekly conference  meetings and the time during the recess count postcloture.    Mr. President, last year, a woman named Carol Denise  Richardson was released from Federal prison after President Obama  granted her clemency. She had been serving a life sentence for  possessing and intending to distribute 50 or more grams of cocaine, on  top of having an already lengthy criminal record. She had not done  anything specifically violent, so, theoretically, we should have been  able to release her early and see good results, at least according to  the advocates of criminal leniency.   Unfortunately, nothing good has come from this decision. Now, less  than a year later, Carol Richardson is going back to prison. As part of  her release, she was put on a 10-year probation, which meant she had to  check in regularly with her probation officers, but she did not. She  did not tell them she had left her job. She did not tell them she had  moved. She did not even tell them she had been arrested.   Her latest offense, I should say, falls somewhere short of heinous.  She was arrested in Pasadena, TX, for stealing $60 worth of laundry  detergent so she could buy drugs.   From everything I have read in the news, it seems clear that Carol  Richardson is not a serious, violent menace to society, but it is also  clear she was not prepared to reenter society. She still had not kicked  her drug habit. She still could not keep and hold a steady job. She  still could not meet the most basic requirements of citizenship and  basic adulthood.   But the real question is, Why would she be ready? Why would we expect  that of her? She never went through the rehab that could have given her  a second chance at life. Instead we just threw her in the deep end and  watched her sink. That is why I think this story is worth mentioning,  because I believe we should give pause to every advocate of criminal  leniency.   They like to argue that taking people out of prison both heals  communities and saves money. But who was better off once Carol  Richardson was released? Not her community; she committed a crime  within months. Not the taxpayers; they are still paying for prison  costs. And here is the thing: Neither was she. She is back in prison  yet again.   But, sometimes, the consequences are worse than this sad story. They  are horrifying. Last year, a man named Wendell Callahan brutally killed  his ex-girlfriend and her two young daughters. A frantic 911 call from  the scene said that the two girls' throats had been slit.   These murders were an atrocity, and they were completely avoidable.  Wendell Callahan walked out of Federal prison in August of 2014 after  his sentence had been reduced in accordance with the provisions of  sentencing guidelines made by the Sentencing Commission. Callahan's  original sentence should have kept him in jail until 2018. If he had  been in jail instead of on the streets, a young family would be alive  today.   What the Richardson case, on one hand, and the Callahan case, on the  other hand, show us are two things: First, if we are going to reform  the criminal justice system, we shouldn't focus on merely reducing  sentences. That doesn't do all that much to help our society. Instead,  we should focus on rehabilitating people while they are in prison,  whatever the length of their sentence. They need serious help if they  can ever hope to redeem themselves and, once they are out of jail, stay  out for good. And we should give them that help, not only because it is  [[Page S3621]]  good for them--though it is--but because it is good for us as a  society. This is why I support real reform that will make our prisons  safer for inmates and correction officers alike and take real steps to  help inmates leave their lives of crime behind once and for all.   The second lesson is this: We need to know far more than we do now  about how many people we release early from prison go back to a life of  crime. What types of crimes do they commit? How many murders? How many  robberies? How many drug arrests? Those numbers can be small or they  can be large, but we need to know them to understand the full scope of  our problem. And having that information will help the President decide  each case as he considers when and how to use his pardon power.   But, today, the Federal Government doesn't even compile these data.   That is why I, along with Senators Hatch, Sessions, and Perdue,  introduced a bill last year to require that the government collect and  report on these numbers. Unfortunately, the bill did not pass into law.  So I want to announce today that I intend to reintroduce the bill with  a renewed sense of urgency. This is just one story, after all. We don't  know how many people granted clemency are returning to crime. But that  is all the more reason to start collecting more data. We need to  thoroughly evaluate cold, hard evidence before we make any sweeping  changes to our criminal laws.   Carol Richardson's story should warn us of the perils of letting  ideology get the better of common sense. We owe it to our neighbors to  keep their families safe, and we owe it to the Carol Richardsons of the  world to give them a real and honest chance at life once they complete  their sentence.   I yield the floor.   