 DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support  of H.R. 290, and I yield myself as much time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill was the same bill that passed the House last  Congress and is the result of lengthy negotiations in the Subcommittee  on Communications and Technology to come to a bipartisan agreement that  all can support. This agreement requires the FCC to make certain  procedural rule changes and requires an inquiry into other process  changes.   The bill includes the FCC Collaboration Act, a bill that allows for  more than two FCC Commissioners to discuss official business as long as  certain safeguards are in place. This bill should help the  Commissioners reach consensus more quickly.   The bill also includes important provisions offered by Democrats last  Congress, such as Representative Clarke's provision to require that the  FCC provide quarterly reports on pending decisions to ensure  accountability and timely responses, Representative Matsui's provision  that required the FCC to coordinate with the Small Business  Administration to improve small business participation in FCC  proceedings, and Representative Loebsack's provision that requires the  FCC Chairman to publicly post the agency's internal policies and  procedures for greater transparency. The addition of these Democratic  ideas make this a better bill.   The bill also requires the FCC to post, in its entirety, any item  adopted by the Commission within 24 hours of filing of final dissenting  statements, a compromise that was reached by Congressman McNerney and  Congresswoman Ellmers last Congress.   FCC process reform has been an issue in our subcommittee going back  several years. I hope this compromise bill is something all Members can  support.   Mr. Speaker, I see no other speakers on my side of the aisle, so I  yield back the balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 423, the Anti-Spoofing Act,  introduced by Representative Meng as well as Representative Barton of  Texas and Representative Lance of New Jersey.   Consumers should feel safe knowing that the caller ID information  they see when they answer the phone is accurate. Unfortunately,  fraudsters use misleading caller ID numbers every day to trick  consumers into handing over sensitive information.   Americans, from young people to senior citizens, are misled by crooks  using a fake caller identification into thinking they are being  connected to a trusted institution. This practice known as spoofing  contributes to the millions of identity theft cases in our country each  year and so many other forms of fraud.   Under the law today, it is already illegal for scammers to use fake  caller ID information for regular voice calls. This legislation expands  that band to text messages and to calls coming in from overseas. That  just makes sense.   It is a bipartisan bill. It passed last Congress on a vote of 382-5.   I urge my colleagues to stand up for consumers and strengthen  spoofing protection. It is time for us to pass the Anti-Spoofing Act.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time  as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Meng), the  primary sponsor of the Anti-Spoofing Act.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I do not have any  other speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 588, the Securing Access to  Networks in Disasters Act, or the SANDy Act, introduced by Ranking  Member Frank Pallone. This bill is all about making sure that the  communication networks that so many Americans rely on are as resilient  as they can be.   Disaster is going to strike and networks are going to go down. The  purpose of this bill is to ensure that when those networks go down, the  network operators have the resources they need to get things back  online as quickly as possible.   The bill also requires the FCC to conduct a study on the future of  network resiliency, and how new and existing technologies can be used  during our times of need to communicate with loved ones or call for  help.   This is a commonsense piece of legislation that passed 389-2 in the  last Congress, and I urge all Members to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time  as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone), the  primary sponsor of the bill, a friend and colleague, and the ranking  member of the Energy and Commerce Committee.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have no more  speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 555, the Amateur Radio Parity  Act. This is a bill that passed the House last Congress by voice vote  after careful negotiations in the Subcommittee on Communications and  Technology.   Amateur radio operators provide essential services in times of  emergencies, and they shouldn't be prohibited from building their  facilities. H.R. 555 will provide for new rules that will help these  operators navigate homeowner association restrictions when they are  attempting to build their stations.   The bill strikes the right balance to ensure that homeowner  associations can impose reasonable regulations for amateur radio  towers, but it would also make sure that amateur radio enthusiasts can  continue to operate.   Again, this measure passed the House by voice vote last Congress, and  I encourage Members to support it today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time  as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney), in  spite of the fact that the gentleman is a New England Patriots fan who  showed no mercy to my Pittsburgh Steelers last night, to show there are  no hard feelings.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have no further  speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise to support H.R. 460, Improving Rural Call  Quality and Reliability Act, the bipartisan bill introduced by  Representative David Young and cosponsored by a number of  [[Page H585]]  other Members, including Representatives Welch and Loebsack from the  Energy and Commerce Committee.   We deal with a lot of high-tech and complicated issues on the Energy  and Commerce Committee, but this bill aims to address the most basic  function for a telephone system: making sure all Americans' phone calls  go through.   Many people take our modern communications tools for granted, but, in  rural America, even the basic function of connecting a call is  sometimes difficult. Consumers have been reporting to the FCC that  calls in rural areas result in false busy signals, calls not arriving,  or long pauses after dialing a number.   This isn't just an important problem for rural Americans but also for  people in all of our districts who want to reach loved ones across the  country and can't. This state of affairs is simply not acceptable. We  need reliable telephone service to keep us connected.   Problems with call completion are often related to intermediate  providers--the middlemen hired to route calls. This bill requires  intermediate providers to register with the FCC and comply with service  quality standards.   These commonsense steps should make it easier to figure out when  providers are cutting corners or not doing their jobs. Ultimately, the  bill puts consumers first by helping to make sure that we can stay  connected to one another.   H.R. 460 is a bipartisan bill that passed on suspension last  Congress, and I urge my colleagues to support it today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time  as he may consume to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Welch), a  distinguished colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have no other  speakers.   I yield back the balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 599, the FCC  Consolidated Reporting Act. This bill passed the House last Congress  with unanimous support after careful negotiations that resulted in a  bipartisan agreement. The FCC oversees a wide range of industries that  drive economic growth in the Nation. These industries connect  businesses to markets large and small, but, most importantly, they  deliver innovative new products and services to consumers.   Democrats and Republicans agree that the FCC needs to collect good  data to inform the public about these dynamic markets. Good data is  important for Congress to have as well so that we can make good policy  decisions and conduct oversight of the FCC. At the same time, we have  worked to ensure this effort to promote efficiency does not undermine  important existing FCC obligations and authorities.   Again, this bill is one I think that all Members can support. I urge  its passage today.  [[Page H588]]    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers on my side, so I yield back the  balance of my time.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in general support of H.R. 582. The primary  sponsor is Representative Gohmert.   This is a bill that passed the House last Congress by voice vote.   I agree that we must do all we can to make sure that consumers using  multiline telephone systems can directly dial 911 without having to  dial additional digits first. These are in many large office buildings  and hotels. Many of these systems require consumers to dial an extra 9  before they get a dial tone. You have to hit 9 before you get your dial  tone to get an outside line. Most of us know that, but too many people  do not realize that this applies to 911. If you don't dial 9 first, you  can't reach the emergency services.   Such a requirement led to a tragedy in Texas several years ago. Kari  Dunn was killed while her 9-year-old daughter tried to call for help.  She did what she was taught to do in an emergency. She dialed 911. But  because the system she was using required her to dial a 9 first, she  only heard silence on the other end of the line.   Building on the Herculean effort of Kari Dunn's family, we are one  step closer to fixing this problem once and for all. H.R. 582 is an  important step to making our systems work better in an emergency. But  for all the good this bill does, it still leaves work to be done.   Specifically, these multiline systems still often fail to deliver  accurate location information to first responders. That means that if  somebody called 911 from this very building, for instance, precious  minutes would tick by as emergency personnel struggle to figure out  where the call came from in this  [[Page H590]]  enormous complex. That delay could be the difference between life and  death.   We have to correct this problem, too, because making sure the call  goes through is only helpful if the public safety officials can find  the caller. Democrats tried to include such a provision in the version  of this bill from last Congress, and at that time we received a  commitment from Chairman Walden to work together on a separate bill to  address this concern.   We were not able to solve this problem in the last Congress, and we  expect that commitment will carry over to this Congress. I urge Members  to support H.R. 582.   Mr. Speaker, we have no other speakers on this side, so I yield back  the balance of my time.   