 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3043  from Representative McMorris Rodgers, the Hydropower Policy  Modernization Act of 2017.   For centuries, Western States have fought over scarce water supplies.  We even have an expression in the West that says: Whiskey is for  drinking and water is for fighting over.   Water scarcity in the West led our visionary forefathers to build  Federal water storage projects throughout the West to provide water,  hydropower, recreation, flood control, and environmental benefits while  adhering to States' water rights.   These were nonpartisan endeavors, as evidenced by President John F.  Kennedy dedicating the San Luis Dam in California. While the Central  Arizona Project came after President Kennedy,  [[Page H8620]]  it continues to bring prosperity to Arizona's cities, Tribal  communities, ranches, and farms almost 50 years after its inception.    The Glen Canyon Dam and other projects affiliated with the Colorado  River Storage Project provided the backbone of a regional economy that  has produced year-round and emissions-free hydropower.   H.R. 3043 streamlines the permitting process and encourages the  expansion of hydropower generation by establishing a single lead  coordinating agency, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, in  order to facilitate in a timelier manner all hydropower authorizations,  approvals, and requirements mandated by Federal law.   This bill will also dramatically decrease costs to relicense non- Federal dams, a huge win for the West.   Presently, FERC exercises jurisdiction over 1,600 non-Federal  hydropower projects at more than 2,500 dams under the Federal Power  Act.   According to FERC, the relicensing workload is increasing  dramatically. Between FY 2017 and FY 2030, roughly 480 projects  amounting to 45 percent of FERC-licensed projects will begin the  relicensing process.   Rural co-ops, power companies, and other stakeholders in the West  need a clear process without the bureaucracy. Let's get bureaucracy out  of the way and pass H.R. 3043 so we have a clear process moving forward  for pursuing worthwhile hydropower projects.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington for the  sponsorship of this much-needed legislation, and I urge my colleagues  to vote in support of this commonsense bill.   