 Mr. President, I wish to thank Senator Blunt, the  distinguished Senator from Missouri, for his eloquent remarks on  veterans and in support of all the things the Presiding Officer and I  have tried to do on the Veterans' Affairs Committee and for pointing  out the many reasons we in America are so proud of the veterans in  service, who allow you and I to be here today. Were it not for our  veterans, this Republic would not exist.   I was wondering how I would start out this speech. I did an interview  with a reporter who wanted to ask me a number of questions about the  current administration and what we were doing for veterans. It turned  out to be a 35- or 40-minute interview.   I said I had to go, and he said: I have one more question for you.   This was by phone. So I couldn't look him in the eye, and he couldn't  see me.   He said: I have one more question for you.   When you hear that from a reporter, that means the zinger is coming.   He said: Don't you think we could save a lot of money if we didn't  fight in any more wars?   I thought for a minute. I said: We probably could, but there wouldn't  be any reason for you and me to exist if we didn't fight any more wars,  because  [[Page S7086]]  America is the place where everybody wants to be because we are safe  and we are free and we are independent, because we fight and defend  what we have as a country. I thought I would bring that up in my speech  today because that is the reason we celebrate veterans today. So we  give thanks to the men and women who volunteer, who served our country  in the wars overseas, in the battles overseas, and, sometimes, in the  challenges domestically to protect us and keep us free.   America is a great country. We don't find anybody trying to break out  of the United States of America. They are all trying to break in and  for a very good reason. It is a safe and free place to raise a family,  to start a business, and to serve in many other ways.   So this year, on the 11th day, at the 11th hour and the 11th minute  of November, when we celebrate Veterans Day, pause for a minute to say  thanks for those who have come and gone and for those who are still  here who fight to serve and protect us.   Always remember that the Congress, shortly after the end of World War  I, decided that the 11th day--the day the armistice was signed--of the  11th month, November, with the 11th hour being 11 o'clock in the  morning, would be the time the bell would toll to celebrate and pay  tribute to those veterans. So at 11:11:11 this November 11, we are all  going to toll that bell one more time to give thanks for our veterans  for all they have done for us and for all they will do for us in the  future.   It is best, when you talk about veterans, to talk about them as the  people they were and the people they are, whether they are alive or  whether they have passed on. I want to talk about two veterans whose  paths have crossed my life to point out why we owe them so much and why  we have so much to be thankful for. One of them is Jackson Elliott Cox,  III of Burke County, GA, which is the Bird Dog Capital of North  America. It has raised and trained more bird dogs than anywhere else in  the country. It is the home of a nuclear power plant, the Plant Vogtle.  It is a beautiful rural county in Georgia.   Jack was my best friend in college. We met in 1962; we graduated in  1966. I will never forget that the last time I saw Jack was when he was  shipping out to go to OCS in the Marine Corps. Jack had decided when he  graduated that it was more important for him to volunteer and fight for  our country because of what was going on in Vietnam than do anything  else, so he voluntarily joined the Marine Corps, went to OCS, got his  commission as an officer, and became a captain in the U.S. Marine  Corps. He fought and he died in Vietnam.   I will never forget the last words he told me when we put him on the  bus from Waynesboro, GA, to Atlanta, ultimately, to be shipped out.  What he said is: Johnny, I am sure I am coming back. Don't worry about  me. Just pray for me. But in case I don't, make sure people remember  who Jackson Elliott Cox III was.   I said: Jack, I will do that.   Sure enough, 2 years later he was shot and killed by a sniper in  Vietnam. He lost his life at the age of 24. He was the finest human  being I had ever known, the nicest guy I had ever met, and my favorite  friend in all of my life. He was taken from me because he volunteered  to serve and fight for our country.   I am going to keep today on the floor of the U.S. Senate the promise  I made to him at the bus station. I want you to know who Jackson  Elliott Cox III was. He was a good old country boy from South Georgia  who volunteered to serve his country and risked his life and gave his  life so that you and I could be here today.   There are thousands of Jackson Elliott Coxes all over the world. In  fact, there are millions all over the country. There are hundreds of  thousands of them, and we have so much to thank them for because less  than 1 percent of our population has worn the uniform, been in the  battle, and fought to save us and protect us as Jackson Elliott Cox  did.   When you have your chance to meet and become friends with a veteran-- and all of you will--remember you owe them a debt of gratitude. At some  time, when you get the chance to pay that debt back, do what I am doing  today. Don't let their memory ever be lost or forgotten no matter where  you go or where life takes you because you wouldn't get to where you  are going, had they not allowed you to be safe and free to travel that  route.   The second name I am going to mention is Noah Harris. Noah was from  Ellijay, GA. Noah was a cheerleader at the University of Georgia. On  September 11, 2001, he turned on his television to see 3,000 innocent  citizens, most of them Americans, die in the Twin Towers when al-Qaida  and Osama bin Laden and the axis of evil attacked our country, took our  innocence, killed our people, and changed the world forever.   Noah was a cheerleader. We don't have a mandatory draft anymore. You  don't have to serve, and he was not serving. He was going to graduate  in a year and a half. He wanted to be an architect.   The next morning, after 9/11, when he left his dorm, he went to the  Army ROTC building at the University of Georgia campus. He walked in  and said: I want to go to OCS. I want to go. After what I saw on TV  last night, I want to go fight and get the people who did that to my  country and my friends.   They said: No, Mr. Harris you can't do that. OCS is a 2-year program  at the university, and you are graduating next year. You don't have  enough time to do it.   He said: I will double up on my studies. I will do whatever. I want  to go. I want to fight for my country and fight the axis of evil.   They let him in, and he did. He graduated with honors. A few months  later, he graduated as second lieutenant from the U.S. Army at Fort  Benning in Georgia. Before too long, he was in Gazaria in Iraq, a  suburb of Baghdad, handing Beanie Babies out of one pocket while the  other pocket of his field jacket had his ammunition. He was trying to  win over the hearts of the Iraqi children while he was fighting to  preserve freedom for them and return their country to some form of a  democracy or republic, away from the captives of Saddam Hussein.   I knew Noah casually. I know his parents well--Rick and Lucy Harris.  I know they have mourned every day since they lost Noah in Baghdad when  he died in an IED accident, but I know how proud they are of what he  did and why he did it. I am proud he was my friend, and I am proud to  have known him as well. I am proud to be able to stand on the floor of  the U.S. Senate today and talk about Noah Harris and talk about Jackson  Elliott Cox, who were exemplary of all the others who have served in  the military--men and women, rich and poor, Black and White, who have  gone and fought the battle and borne the battle for us so that we could  be where we are today.   It kind of reminds me of the person who went to Benjamin Franklin in  Philadelphia shortly after the Constitution was adopted in Constitution  Hall and said: Mr. Franklin, what have you given us?   He paused for a minute and said: ``A republic, if you can keep it.''   We have kept it. We have kept it because we have subscribed to the  Constitution but also because we have a militia and a military. We are  willing to fight for what we believe in, protect our citizens, and keep  our country free. The country that our Founding Fathers gave to us,  that was nurtured in the early days of this Republic, which now is  hundreds of years old, is still there today for lots of reasons but,  principally, the undergirding foundation is a strong and vibrant  military.   When Veterans Day comes, give thanks for the veterans you know.  Mention a couple of them, as I have done here, so their memory and  their names never die, but also so we can lift them up at a time when  we pause for just a minute to say thank you for the greatest country on  the face of this Earth.   Senator Blunt talked about our committee and what we have done this  year. I want to take just a minute to reiterate some of the things he  said. There are no Democratic veterans and no Republican veterans;  there are only American veterans. They don't go to the battlefield as a  partisan; they go to the battlefield as an American, and they fight for  us whether we are Republicans or Democrats. They risk their own life  and sometimes sacrifice it so that we can do what Ben Franklin said:  Keep that republic. We owe them a lot. In fact, in many cases, we owe  them everything.  [[Page S7087]]    We have had a mess at the VA in the last 10 years. They have been the  lead story on USA Today more than any other agency in the government  for failures of the VA to do the job that should have been done. Under  David Shulkin, the Secretary of the VA appointed by President Trump,  under the leadership of our committees in the House and the Senate, and  under a commitment to bipartisan service by all our Members--which  means we do almost everything unanimously and, if not unanimously,  almost unanimously because it is not about getting Republican credit or  Democratic credit; it is about doing the right thing for the right  people who have done so much for us--we passed the Whistleblower  Protection Act this year to give whistleblowers in the VA the  protection they need to go and turn in to the authorities those  employees in the Veterans Administration who are not doing their job.  We have given them the safe harbor they need to encourage them to help  us root out problems, and we are doing that.   We passed the accountability bill to shine the light of sunshine on  the employees of the VA and to give the authorities in the VA the  ability to terminate and fire, if you will, for cause an employee who  is not doing the job they should be doing for our veterans. So we hold  a standard of accountability up a little higher for our employees in  the Veterans Administration.   We are magnifying choice so that our veterans can have more choice in  their healthcare. We can use the private sector as a force multiplier  so that the government doesn't have to hire all the doctors and  physicians and assistants to service the VA. We can get them in the  private sector as well.   In the 21st century GI bill, we finally made sure that the GI bill  applies to everyone, not just World War II or Vietnam war-era veterans  but veterans of all conflicts and of all times.   We have done everything we can to see to it that the benefits, which  we promised them would be there when they left the military, are there  for them in retirement and in their later life. The sacrifices they  make are great, and the sacrifices we have made to save our veterans  are great.   Today veterans come home from the battlefield 90 percent of the time  when they are wounded. They come home, whereas, in World War I, 10  percent came home, and 90 percent died on the battlefield. But because  of the advancements we have made in armor and protection and healthcare  services, a lot of veterans today live when they would not have lived  just 25 or 30 years ago.   The injuries they sustain are far greater than any injuries we have  known in warfare before. The signature illnesses are PTSD, post- traumatic stress syndrome, or traumatic brain injury or a prosthesis  for an arm or a leg or an eye or some part of the body that is lost in  battle. But the trunk of the body is protected by new Kevlar vests that  are impenetrable by a bullet, so most of them succumb to IEDs and  explosives and things of that nature.   We have the healthcare to provide them with the best possible  rehabilitation we can, but you can never really replace a leg or an eye  or a body part. Once somebody has sacrificed it forever, they wear the  burden of the battle and of war.   We have an obligation, as the Veterans Administration, as the  Congress of the United States in the House and the Senate, to see to it  that we back up those promises our recruiters made when they came to  join the military, to see to it that they get those services from their  Veterans Administration.   Dr. David Shulkin is doing a phenomenal job. My ranking member, Jon  Tester, Democrat from Montana, is doing a fantastic job. The House  committee is doing a great job. The Members of the Senate are doing a  great job.   In a week and a half, we are going to have our final bill of the year  which, when we pass it, will make us 8 for 8. We will have totally  reformed the VA and worked with the VA to reform it in such a way that  our veterans get better service, our taxpayers get more accountability  for the dollars we spend, and America remains the great country it has  always been--safe and free because of those who volunteer to fight and  are willing to die on behalf our country.   So sometime on the 11th day and, hopefully, at the 11th hour and the  11th minute of that hour on November 11, you will pause for a minute  and remember I told you that is when we celebrate Veterans Day because,  at the time the armistice was signed in World War I, our country  decided that would be the perfect time to remember all those who have  fought in the past.   Let's look around, and every time we see a man or woman in uniform,  stop and say ``Thank you for your service'' because those are the  people who are risking their lives so that you and I can do whatever it  is we choose to do in this land of the free and home of the brave.   There are lots of things to be thankful for but nothing more  important than the men and women of the U.S. military. May God bless  our country, may God bless our veterans, may God bless the United  States of America.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). The Senator from North Dakota.   