 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and  I thank Representative Smucker for holding this Special Order.   Madam Speaker, as co-chair of the Career and Technical Education  Caucus, I rise to highlight the importance of career and technical  education for our Nation's workforce. I really appreciate all of the  comments that the gentleman just mentioned, and I concur.   Madam Speaker, across Rhode Island, I continue to hear from employers  struggling to find skilled workers to fill open jobs in fields such as  manufacturing, IT, and other trades.   Hundreds of thousands of high-skilled, high-paying jobs are right now  unfulfilled in our country, and this number is continuing to grow.  Especially as we hear about bringing jobs back from overseas,  manufacturing, just by way of example, has changed dramatically. These  factories are no longer the old, dirty, noisy manufacturing factories  of old that, say, our fathers or grandfathers were used to. They are  now all high-tech. You see robots doing a lot of the manufacturing that  require both programming and sophisticated knowledge how to run this  advanced equipment.   So the jobs are coming back, but they are coming back in different  ways, needing different skills. And right now we need to ensure that  our workforce is equipped with the tools to meet the demands of the  economy to close our Nation's skills gap. We can do this by better  aligning education and industry.   Our students, Madam Speaker, should be learning the skills they need  to succeed in growing economic sectors. This is one of the most  important investments that we can make in our Nation's future.   The Governor of Rhode Island, Governor Raimondo, likes to say: We  need to give our workers the skills that matter for jobs that pay.   In the Ocean State, the newly opened Westerly Education Center right  now is working to promote CTE, providing a range of courses to help  Rhode Islanders to meet the current and projected needs of the region's  economy. The Westerly Education Center effectively brings together  higher education, industry, and community partners to ensure students  of all ages are prepared for workforce opportunities in Rhode Island.  Classes range from industry-specific skills training to courses in  critical thinking, management, and also soft skills.   CTE courses, Madam Speaker, are in demand. Approximately 12.5 million  high school and college students are enrolled in CTE across the Nation.  But Federal investment in this area has decreased, actually, since  2011, and the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act hasn't  been authorized since 2006. I am hoping that we are going to be able to  see this act reauthorized very soon.   Perkins is the primary Federal investment in CTE, and the most  important thing that we can do to support CTE across the country, to  support students and businesses across the country, is to reauthorize  this legislation. It needs to be updated for our changing economy, and  funding for CTE programs must be increased to support growing programs  across the Nation.   Last Congress, I know that the House overwhelmingly passed the  bipartisan Strengthening Career and Technical Education Act, and I call  on my colleagues to do the same in this Congress as well. It was, in  some ways, a rare moment of bipartisanship in the Congress and a great  example of how we can work together. Hopefully, that will lead to other  things as well.   H.R. 2353 recently passed unanimously by the Education and the  Workforce Committee, and it is, again, the product of an inclusive and  thoughtful process. I commend the chairman of the Education and the  Workforce Committee and the ranking member and all of the members on  both sides of the aisle for working so closely together--again, a very  complicated piece of legislation that passed unanimously out of  committee.    So, again, I thank my fellow CTE Caucus co-chair as well,  Representative Thompson from Pennsylvania, for all of his great work on  this bill. He is a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee,  and he is the co-chair of the CTE Caucus. We work in lockstep on these  matters. It has been a pleasure to work with him. I am grateful for his  leadership, along with many other colleagues.   It makes many necessary updates to Perkins, with an emphasis on  training students for the skills that they will need in high-growth  economic sectors. The bill contains several important reforms,  including increasing collaboration between education and industry,  expanding student access to apprenticeships, supporting career  counselors, and aligning State performance indicators with local labor  markets, among other things.   Unfortunately, at a time when it is more crucial than ever to invest  in CTE, the President's budget has proposed, though, a budget for  fiscal year  [[Page H4809]]  2018 that cuts Perkins State grants by 15 percent. That is more than  $168 million across the country. In Rhode Island, that Perkins funding  cut would mean a cut of more than $800,000. If enacted, the President's  budget would not only slash a crucial investment in our students, but  it would deeply hurt businesses.   If we want businesses to come back to the country from overseas, if  we want to relocate those jobs here, we need to make sure that we have  the workforce that can actually do the jobs that would be available and  that are, in fact, available right now.   This is the time to invest in workforce development, not undermine  it. Demand for CTE is growing from students and industry, and our  economy desperately needs it.   Madam Speaker, in closing, let me just say that I encourage my  colleagues to prioritize CTE. It matters for your constituents, and it  yields big returns for our States' economies and for our Nation's  economy as a whole. Put simply, providing workers with the skills  necessary to thrive in the economy is essential to our economic  prosperity. It is the right thing to do, giving our workers the skills  they need for jobs that pay.   