 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Alaska for  yielding.   I want to begin where he finished--on the need for a bipartisan  approach, one that combines different points of view, one based on  compromise. Compromise should not be a dirty word. Compromise is not a  four-letter word. Neither is bipartisanship. Yet our Republican  colleagues have insisted on a Republican plan--on a plan that they  first rammed and rushed through the House of Representatives and now,  in the same way, have sought to do on their own, without consultation  or compromise with Democrats. That is why the process has reached this  point. It has stalled.   My Republican colleagues are scrambling for a solution to an  overwhelming, oppressive debt that they would force on the American  people--not on ourselves, but on our children and our grandchildren,  generations to come, searching and scrambling for a so-called trigger-- another gimmick--to be inserted in this bill that already  underestimates the additional debt that will be foisted on our Nation.  They have estimated it at $1.3 trillion or $1.5 trillion. In reality,  it is probably larger, but the main point is that they have foisted it  on our children and grandchildren to pay--to shoulder the burden-- simply so that the wealthiest in this country and corporations would  have tax cuts.   The people of Connecticut and our country face a tsunami of economic  [[Page S7550]]  harm. This plan, in fact, is deeply unpopular among my constituents in  Connecticut. I have listened to them. What they tell me is that they  cannot look their children in the eye and show them a chart like this  one, which my colleague Senator King of Maine displayed earlier in the  Chamber, and see how this insurmountable mountain of debt will result  from the Republican plan.   Very simply, Republicans voted for middle-class taxes to rise so that  the President's and other billionaires' taxes can go down. Over the  next decade, this plan will raise taxes on 87 million middle-class  families and half of all taxpayers. This plan is a double standard. It  is a bait and switch because it makes a promise that it fails to  fulfill. It makes a promise of tax cuts that actually will rise over a  10-year period. It sells a false bill of goods.   The promise of middle-class tax cuts is a lie, plain and simple, a  scam.   The President sent the Administrator of the Small Business  Administration, Linda McMahon, to Connecticut to announce: ``Everyone  will experience a tax cut.'' But the fact of the matter is everybody in  certain brackets experiences a tax increase under most circumstances.   Who is harmed? We know who benefits. The wealthiest benefit, and  corporations benefit. But the ones harmed, according to the  Congressional Budget Office, are the majority of people who earn less  than $75,000 a year, and they will be worse off within the next 10  years. In Connecticut that means that 468,200 taxpayers in the bottom  80 percent of income distribution will experience a tax hike under this  plan.   The Republican tax plan ends State and local tax deductibility, which  means families are going to be taxed twice. It increases the Federal  burden on Connecticut families, who already pay more Federal taxes than  they receive in Federal funding.   Now, what I hear--again, listening to my friends and constituents in  Connecticut--is that they are willing to pay their fair share. They are  willing to pay even more than they may receive back from the Federal  Government, if they feel the system itself is fair--not rigged in favor  of the wealthy or big corporations or special interests. They are the  ones who will benefit from this tax scandal.   State and local taxes paid by my constituents in Connecticut are  vital to supplying communities with resources that pay for essential  local services. We are talking about police and school and, yes,  infrastructure--rebuilding roads, bridges, ports, and airports--vital  services. In Connecticut 723,773 households deduct State and local  taxes. The average deduction is $19,664. Assuming somebody pays a 25-  or 30-percent rate of taxes, apply that to $19,000, and we are talking  about real money.   The bill also abolishes a critical deduction that provides relief for  taxpayers who experience losses on their property, including homeowners  in Connecticut--thousands of them--who have a crumbling foundation and  are uninsured for those repairs--casualty losses that, under current  law, the IRS ruled just last week could be deducted. They will be  robbed of those deductions under this cruel, maligned, malicious,  misguided bill.   The bill also hits working-class families. It expands the child tax  credit, for example, but tips the scales in favor of the wealthiest  families. It values a child, fortunate to be born into a wealthy  family, to be worth a $2,000 tax credit. Meanwhile, an estimated  140,000 military families who have median adjusted gross incomes of  $28,000 will receive a child tax credit worth only $75 or less. If you  are wealthy, it is worth $2,000. If you are less well off, with an  adjusted gross income of $28,000, it is $75 or less. What is fair or  rational about that distinction? In fact, it epitomizes what is wrong  about this bill. It increases inequality. It enhances and heightens the  insecurity that my colleague from Alaska mentioned earlier. It is  wrong. It betrays American values.   First responders are harmed. Earlier this month, the national  president of the Fraternal Order of Police wrote a letter to the House  and Senate leadership urging Members of Congress to protect the State  and local tax deduction as is. If this deduction is eliminated, local  budgets will be strained, which include the salaries and equipment that  support our law enforcement. No wonder the head of the Fraternal Order  of Police objects to eliminating the deduction of State and local  taxes.   Teachers are harmed. The National Education Association has found  that gutting the State and local tax deduction will seriously harm  already underfunded public education, risking nearly 250,000 education  jobs. Those are middle-class family jobs in a profession that is  profoundly important to our future.   We talk a lot in this Chamber about the importance of skill training  and education to the future of our workforce and making sure that jobs  are filled by people with the right skills, and here we are gutting our  educational system. Those cuts in turn will lead to approximately $250  billion in cuts to public education over the years to come.   Finally, job creators are harmed--the job creators who do the  infrastructure work in construction and in skill training. There is  common ground here on infrastructure. There is bipartisan support for  an infrastructure bank or public financing authority, and a number of  those proposals, in fact, would involve repatriating funds at lower tax  rates so the money parked abroad--trillions of dollars companies have  put there because they want to avoid taxes on those profits--could come  back. The money should come back. The money could come back at lower  tax rates and be invested in infrastructure, but this proposal makes no  such proposal because it is bereft of a realistic view of what is  necessary for infrastructure.   The sick are harmed as well. Illness is not about revenue to a State.  Illness strikes any one of us at any time. The Republican tax plan will  raise insurance premiums and kick 13 million Americans off their health  insurance, all to pay for a massive corporate tax cut, passthroughs  that benefit the wealthiest, and other reductions in taxes that are  giveaways to people who need them the least.   The corporations that today move overseas to evade taxes and benefit  from special interest loopholes to lower their effective tax rates are  going to be rewarded under this tax plan. Let's be very blunt. They  will have increased incentives to move those jobs overseas. The bill  borrows $1.5 trillion to enable them to have lower rates, and those  billions will line the pockets of corporate CEOs. In fact, that $1.5  trillion is equivalent to all veterans healthcare and benefits payments  to every single veteran in America over the next decade.   With $1.5 trillion, you could increase the benefits to our veterans,  enhance the quality of their healthcare, and train them for jobs that  exist now, and, by the way, you could also pay off all the student loan  debt in our Nation. Think of it for a moment. Think of all those young  people whose lives would be different--transformed--if they were  absolved of the worry about paying off those hundreds of millions of  dollars of loans. For each of them, it is tens of thousands that crush  their futures and drive them to jobs that were not their first choices  but which they have to do simply to pay off debt.   Rather than working toward bipartisan tax reform that creates  opportunity for all Americans, this bill divides our Nation, it  increases the division economically and, also, socially and culturally,  and, yes, politically. It drives a division in this body between two  sides of the aisle--literally, physically--between our Republican  colleagues and ourselves.   How wonderful it would be for us to take the time, to use hearings  and real markups, and to do what was done in the 1980s when the last  major tax reform--true tax reform--was done. The time, the  consultation, the discussion, and, yes, the compromise were at the core  of that work. What is at the core of this work and this bill are very  simply blatant partisanship.   There is no question that our Tax Code needs to be reformed. I am  prepared to work on real tax reform, not the lie that we have before us  but real tax reform that supports our middle class, drives our economy  forward, and creates jobs. That would be the right way to do it, and  that would be the way we could do it if we take a step back.  [[Page S7551]]    It is not too late. We could do it tomorrow. It is never too late to  do the right thing. I urge my colleagues to take the time and to engage  in real compromise, legislation that is worthy of the name and a tax  reform measure that truly is reform and benefits all Americans.   I yield the floor for my colleague from New Jersey.   