 Mr. President, today I have the privilege, with Senator  Collins, to introduce a replacement bill for ObamaCare, with her  experience as an insurance commissioner and mine as a physician caring  for the insured and the underinsured. Let me also give due credit to  Pete Sessions in the House, who has introduced a very similar bill to  come up with something that we think works not just for the people we  represent but for the entire country. That is our goal.   I wish to speak on the Patient Freedom Act of 2017. Our goal, if you  will--I tell my staff to imagine a woman who voted for Donald Trump and  doesn't like ObamaCare, but she has breast cancer. Her coverage has a  $6,000 deductible, but she has coverage. On the other hand, she wants  to see something different. If we just view our efforts through the  prism of her care, I think we will do right by the American people.   Let me say something else. Again, our goal is not to come up with a  Republican plan; it is not to come up with an anti-ObamaCare plan; our  goal is to come up with an American patient plan where, whoever she or  he is, they can feel comfortable that, as a Senate, we are trying to do  right by the American people.   Let's go to first principles. First principles is, we in the  Republican Party think that if you like your insurance, you should be  able to keep it. I will come to that later. President Obama was rightly  criticized because he pledged that, and it turns out it wasn't true.  That is one of our first principles, and we mean it.   Secondly, we think the States should have the power, not the Federal  Government. When you speak to Americans, they want their State capital  to be the kind of principal force behind how their insurance is  administered, not our Nation's Capital, so we return power to both the  States and to patients.   Lastly, I will say that we are truly reaching out to Democrats. One  of the criticisms of ObamaCare is that it was rammed through on a  partisan vote with hardly a consideration given of Republicans. Senator  Collins and I are absolutely open to working with Democrats for this  solution.   How do we begin?   We first begin by repealing the ObamaCare mandates and penalties. The  American people do not like Washington telling them how to live their  lives. We take those mandates and penalties from both the individual  and the employer and we take them off.   Secondly, we work to make health care truly affordable. We do this by  giving States a choice to put in what we call the State alternative. I  think we are going to begin calling it the better choice. In the better  choice, we would use tax credits which would go to those who are  eligible and which would go into an account. If the patient did  nothing, she would have a  [[Page S401]]  health savings account, which will be pre funded. The money would go  in, actually put money into the account--catastrophic coverage and a  pharmacy benefit.   It is important to note that she would have power over this account.  If she wished, she could combine it with her family's, these different  tax credits, and they could buy a richer family policy, or she could  assign it to her employer as the employee's contribution for an  employer-sponsored plan.   If each member of the family decided to keep their own HPSA account  and one of them got a terrible illness and went into the cash portion  and exhausted their health savings account, we would allow family  members to donate their health savings account balance to each other to  help cover that cash exposure.   We do different things, but the goal is to give the patient the  power.   Since we are going to these health savings accounts under the better  choice model, in the better choice model, we give these tax credits  that go into a health savings account. The individual can donate their  own money, or the employer can contribute theirs. These are some of the  options they have, but whichever options they have, we institute price  transparency. That is to say that when the patient goes to have her  blood test, she will know the cost of the blood test before she has it  done as opposed to finding out later.   This came to mind this past Sunday. I had a friend in town for the  inauguration. She is a physician, and she went for a vitamin D level.  When she went for the vitamin D level and got the bill, it was $290.  She called the hospital and said: I order these all the time. Am I  really getting a $290 charge on each of these?   They said: Oh, yes, ma'am. That is what we bill patients.   So she went to different labs and found out the cash price for the  panels of labs she typically orders.   She had a patient who was from out of town and was paying cash. She  said: Pay me $38; it will cover the labs. Here is the slip; go to the  lab.   The patient paid $38 but went to the wrong laboratory. She was from  out of town and not quite sure where to go. She went to the wrong  laboratory. The bill she got, which in one lab would be $38, in the  other lab was $690.   My physician friend called the hospital and said: You have to be  kidding--$690?   They reduced it to $380. There is a tenfold difference in the cash  price for labs. If the patient had known that, she probably would have  paid more attention to the directions. But certainly if the price of  the labs were posted when she went, even if she went to the wrong  place, she could have looked at the fee schedule and decided she needed  to go someplace else.   One of the young men who work with me said: Yes, I get it, price  transparency. Who would buy a car without knowing the price beforehand?  It would be great for the car dealer but really lousy for you. That is  how we purchase health care now. It is great for the folks selling the  service; it is pretty lousy for the person paying the cash.   By this, we think we begin to use market forces to reduce costs. By  the way, this is not only about saving the patient money, which is very  important, but here is another example.    John Fleming is a physician who until recently was a Member of the  House of Representatives. He tells the story of when their office went  to a health savings account, a woman who worked with him came to him  and said: Dr. Fleming, I don't like these health savings accounts.  Previously I had a pharmacy benefit that paid for my inhaler, and now I  don't have the same pharmacy benefit.   He said: Well, under their plan, at least, you can use the health  savings account to pay for your inhaler, and, by the way, if you  stopped smoking, you wouldn't need the inhaler.   Then he walks away.   Six months later she says to him: Dr. Fleming, you were right.   He didn't remember the conversation. He turns around and she says:  Remember when you told me if I stopped smoking, I wouldn't need an  inhaler? I stopped smoking and I don't need an inhaler.   So what this does is it activates the patient. It gets her or him  engaged in their health care, and between that--not only do we protect  the patient's pocketbook, but we also do something positive for their  health care.   Let me also point this out. We think most States would go for the  better choice. It is possible, though, that a State will reject  everything and say: We don't want Medicaid expansion dollars and we  don't want any extra help for those who have lower incomes. We would  give States that choice. This is not Washington, DC, forcing something  on people.   Let me also point out something else. Republicans believe that if you  like your health care, you can keep it; if you like your health  insurance, you can keep it, and we mean it. If a State decided they  wished to stay on ObamaCare--I think it is a terrible decision--but  this legislation would allow a State to do so.   I was so disappointed. I saw that the minority leader, Mr. Schumer,  criticized our bill and said things that weren't true--fake news, if  you will. He said we didn't cover preexisting conditions. We do. He  said the deductibles and copays would be too high, which is not true,  but what was striking is that he hasn't read our legislation yet.   This is what is wrong with Washington, DC. Here we have something  which in good faith would allow New York to stay in ObamaCare if the  people of New York decided they wished to--but we can look at double-  and even triple-digit premium increases in other States. Without  reading our bill, other States are going to be condemned to these  double- and triple-digit premium increases because folks don't want to  consider something different. This is not a Republican plan. It is not  a Democratic plan. We want it to be an American plan where States can  decide the best system for their State, and if it is working for New  York, it can stay in New York. It is not working for Louisiana so our  State would go with the better choice, I am confident.   That said, please don't criticize the plan before you even look at  it, and please allow those on the Democratic side who are down to one  insurance company on their exchanges, with double-digit premium  increases, to at least consider an option that would be good for their  State.   Now, folks say: Well, you don't have a mandate. We don't think  Washington, DC, should be telling people how to live their lives. So  how do we, under our better choice, get the kind of big insurance pool  without a mandate? We give States the option to do what we call  automatic enrollment. If someone is eligible, they would be enrolled.  The tax credit they receive would be adequate for their premium. They  would never have to pay anything out-of-pocket to have this health  savings account--high-deductible health plan and pharmacy benefit. It  would be covered with the tax credit they receive. By doing so, all  these young males who haven't signed up for ObamaCare because they are  paying too much would actually be enrolled in an insurance plan. For  those who get ill or have chronic conditions, they are spreading the  cost of their expensive illness over the many healthy and not just over  the few sick. It restores the law of big numbers.   We had an insurance plan model this, and they said they think just by  doing our method of enrollment, it would lower premiums by 20 percent.  That is without an individual mandate.   By the way, think of the folks who will never sign up for an  ObamaCare exchange policy. The mentally ill person living beneath a  bridge is not going to go to a public library. If he has his W-2 form,  he doesn't know where it is. He is not going to fill out a 16-page,  long-line form and sign up for ObamaCare. Under our policy, he could be  automatically enrolled. So if he goes to the urgent care center with  cellulitis, he has coverage. If something terrible happens--if he is  hit by a car, and goes to the emergency room and is admitted to the  hospital, society is protected from major expenses. If he gets his life  together enough, he has a pharmacy benefit providing those  antipsychotics. So we actually think we would increase the number who  truly need health care to the number of those who are covered.   Let me finish up by speaking about our timeline. We hope that over  this next year, Republicans and Democrats can come together. I  understand Democrats will not vote for a reconciliation  [[Page S402]]  bill that begins the repeal process of ObamaCare, but that almost  certainly will pass. What we hope is that sometime within this year,  Democrats who live in States with only one insurance company on their  exchanges, in which premiums are increasing by double--and maybe even  at that time in their States triple digits--will come together to vote  with us to give their State an option for our better choice. So we  would pass that legislation in 2017, giving their State legislatures  and Governors the option to choose this pathway in 2018; and in 2019,  the States would implement their option of choice; and by 2020, it has  all been done.   That is our hope.   Folks say Senator Collins and I are naive; that the Senate cannot  overcome its partisanship; that inevitably it will be so partisan,  people, without reading the bill, will criticize our legislation,  saying things about it that are not true.   I go back to where I started, to that woman who didn't go to college,  working hard, voted for Trump, doesn't like ObamaCare but has breast  cancer. She needs coverage, and she wants something done for her. We  want to give her the power. We want to give her that coverage. My goal  is that when this finishes, as she goes from cancer to health, the only  thing she knows about her coverage is that the decisions about her  health care are made in her State Capitol and around her kitchen table,  and that as her breast cancer is treated, her health coverage improves.  That is our goal. It is not a Democratic plan or a Republican plan. It  is not a partisan plan. It is a plan for her. That is our goal.    Mr. President, today I have the privilege, with Senator  Collins, to introduce a replacement bill for ObamaCare, with her  experience as an insurance commissioner and mine as a physician caring  for the insured and the underinsured. Let me also give due credit to  Pete Sessions in the House, who has introduced a very similar bill to  come up with something that we think works not just for the people we  represent but for the entire country. That is our goal.   I wish to speak on the Patient Freedom Act of 2017. Our goal, if you  will--I tell my staff to imagine a woman who voted for Donald Trump and  doesn't like ObamaCare, but she has breast cancer. Her coverage has a  $6,000 deductible, but she has coverage. On the other hand, she wants  to see something different. If we just view our efforts through the  prism of her care, I think we will do right by the American people.   Let me say something else. Again, our goal is not to come up with a  Republican plan; it is not to come up with an anti-ObamaCare plan; our  goal is to come up with an American patient plan where, whoever she or  he is, they can feel comfortable that, as a Senate, we are trying to do  right by the American people.   Let's go to first principles. First principles is, we in the  Republican Party think that if you like your insurance, you should be  able to keep it. I will come to that later. President Obama was rightly  criticized because he pledged that, and it turns out it wasn't true.  That is one of our first principles, and we mean it.   Secondly, we think the States should have the power, not the Federal  Government. When you speak to Americans, they want their State capital  to be the kind of principal force behind how their insurance is  administered, not our Nation's Capital, so we return power to both the  States and to patients.   Lastly, I will say that we are truly reaching out to Democrats. One  of the criticisms of ObamaCare is that it was rammed through on a  partisan vote with hardly a consideration given of Republicans. Senator  Collins and I are absolutely open to working with Democrats for this  solution.   How do we begin?   We first begin by repealing the ObamaCare mandates and penalties. The  American people do not like Washington telling them how to live their  lives. We take those mandates and penalties from both the individual  and the employer and we take them off.   Secondly, we work to make health care truly affordable. We do this by  giving States a choice to put in what we call the State alternative. I  think we are going to begin calling it the better choice. In the better  choice, we would use tax credits which would go to those who are  eligible and which would go into an account. If the patient did  nothing, she would have a  [[Page S401]]  health savings account, which will be pre funded. The money would go  in, actually put money into the account--catastrophic coverage and a  pharmacy benefit.   It is important to note that she would have power over this account.  If she wished, she could combine it with her family's, these different  tax credits, and they could buy a richer family policy, or she could  assign it to her employer as the employee's contribution for an  employer-sponsored plan.   If each member of the family decided to keep their own HPSA account  and one of them got a terrible illness and went into the cash portion  and exhausted their health savings account, we would allow family  members to donate their health savings account balance to each other to  help cover that cash exposure.   We do different things, but the goal is to give the patient the  power.   Since we are going to these health savings accounts under the better  choice model, in the better choice model, we give these tax credits  that go into a health savings account. The individual can donate their  own money, or the employer can contribute theirs. These are some of the  options they have, but whichever options they have, we institute price  transparency. That is to say that when the patient goes to have her  blood test, she will know the cost of the blood test before she has it  done as opposed to finding out later.   This came to mind this past Sunday. I had a friend in town for the  inauguration. She is a physician, and she went for a vitamin D level.  When she went for the vitamin D level and got the bill, it was $290.  She called the hospital and said: I order these all the time. Am I  really getting a $290 charge on each of these?   They said: Oh, yes, ma'am. That is what we bill patients.   So she went to different labs and found out the cash price for the  panels of labs she typically orders.   She had a patient who was from out of town and was paying cash. She  said: Pay me $38; it will cover the labs. Here is the slip; go to the  lab.   The patient paid $38 but went to the wrong laboratory. She was from  out of town and not quite sure where to go. She went to the wrong  laboratory. The bill she got, which in one lab would be $38, in the  other lab was $690.   My physician friend called the hospital and said: You have to be  kidding--$690?   They reduced it to $380. There is a tenfold difference in the cash  price for labs. If the patient had known that, she probably would have  paid more attention to the directions. But certainly if the price of  the labs were posted when she went, even if she went to the wrong  place, she could have looked at the fee schedule and decided she needed  to go someplace else.   One of the young men who work with me said: Yes, I get it, price  transparency. Who would buy a car without knowing the price beforehand?  It would be great for the car dealer but really lousy for you. That is  how we purchase health care now. It is great for the folks selling the  service; it is pretty lousy for the person paying the cash.   By this, we think we begin to use market forces to reduce costs. By  the way, this is not only about saving the patient money, which is very  important, but here is another example.    John Fleming is a physician who until recently was a Member of the  House of Representatives. He tells the story of when their office went  to a health savings account, a woman who worked with him came to him  and said: Dr. Fleming, I don't like these health savings accounts.  Previously I had a pharmacy benefit that paid for my inhaler, and now I  don't have the same pharmacy benefit.   He said: Well, under their plan, at least, you can use the health  savings account to pay for your inhaler, and, by the way, if you  stopped smoking, you wouldn't need the inhaler.   Then he walks away.   Six months later she says to him: Dr. Fleming, you were right.   He didn't remember the conversation. He turns around and she says:  Remember when you told me if I stopped smoking, I wouldn't need an  inhaler? I stopped smoking and I don't need an inhaler.   So what this does is it activates the patient. It gets her or him  engaged in their health care, and between that--not only do we protect  the patient's pocketbook, but we also do something positive for their  health care.   Let me also point this out. We think most States would go for the  better choice. It is possible, though, that a State will reject  everything and say: We don't want Medicaid expansion dollars and we  don't want any extra help for those who have lower incomes. We would  give States that choice. This is not Washington, DC, forcing something  on people.   Let me also point out something else. Republicans believe that if you  like your health care, you can keep it; if you like your health  insurance, you can keep it, and we mean it. If a State decided they  wished to stay on ObamaCare--I think it is a terrible decision--but  this legislation would allow a State to do so.   I was so disappointed. I saw that the minority leader, Mr. Schumer,  criticized our bill and said things that weren't true--fake news, if  you will. He said we didn't cover preexisting conditions. We do. He  said the deductibles and copays would be too high, which is not true,  but what was striking is that he hasn't read our legislation yet.   This is what is wrong with Washington, DC. Here we have something  which in good faith would allow New York to stay in ObamaCare if the  people of New York decided they wished to--but we can look at double-  and even triple-digit premium increases in other States. Without  reading our bill, other States are going to be condemned to these  double- and triple-digit premium increases because folks don't want to  consider something different. This is not a Republican plan. It is not  a Democratic plan. We want it to be an American plan where States can  decide the best system for their State, and if it is working for New  York, it can stay in New York. It is not working for Louisiana so our  State would go with the better choice, I am confident.   That said, please don't criticize the plan before you even look at  it, and please allow those on the Democratic side who are down to one  insurance company on their exchanges, with double-digit premium  increases, to at least consider an option that would be good for their  State.   Now, folks say: Well, you don't have a mandate. We don't think  Washington, DC, should be telling people how to live their lives. So  how do we, under our better choice, get the kind of big insurance pool  without a mandate? We give States the option to do what we call  automatic enrollment. If someone is eligible, they would be enrolled.  The tax credit they receive would be adequate for their premium. They  would never have to pay anything out-of-pocket to have this health  savings account--high-deductible health plan and pharmacy benefit. It  would be covered with the tax credit they receive. By doing so, all  these young males who haven't signed up for ObamaCare because they are  paying too much would actually be enrolled in an insurance plan. For  those who get ill or have chronic conditions, they are spreading the  cost of their expensive illness over the many healthy and not just over  the few sick. It restores the law of big numbers.   We had an insurance plan model this, and they said they think just by  doing our method of enrollment, it would lower premiums by 20 percent.  That is without an individual mandate.   By the way, think of the folks who will never sign up for an  ObamaCare exchange policy. The mentally ill person living beneath a  bridge is not going to go to a public library. If he has his W-2 form,  he doesn't know where it is. He is not going to fill out a 16-page,  long-line form and sign up for ObamaCare. Under our policy, he could be  automatically enrolled. So if he goes to the urgent care center with  cellulitis, he has coverage. If something terrible happens--if he is  hit by a car, and goes to the emergency room and is admitted to the  hospital, society is protected from major expenses. If he gets his life  together enough, he has a pharmacy benefit providing those  antipsychotics. So we actually think we would increase the number who  truly need health care to the number of those who are covered.   Let me finish up by speaking about our timeline. We hope that over  this next year, Republicans and Democrats can come together. I  understand Democrats will not vote for a reconciliation  [[Page S402]]  bill that begins the repeal process of ObamaCare, but that almost  certainly will pass. What we hope is that sometime within this year,  Democrats who live in States with only one insurance company on their  exchanges, in which premiums are increasing by double--and maybe even  at that time in their States triple digits--will come together to vote  with us to give their State an option for our better choice. So we  would pass that legislation in 2017, giving their State legislatures  and Governors the option to choose this pathway in 2018; and in 2019,  the States would implement their option of choice; and by 2020, it has  all been done.   That is our hope.   Folks say Senator Collins and I are naive; that the Senate cannot  overcome its partisanship; that inevitably it will be so partisan,  people, without reading the bill, will criticize our legislation,  saying things about it that are not true.   I go back to where I started, to that woman who didn't go to college,  working hard, voted for Trump, doesn't like ObamaCare but has breast  cancer. She needs coverage, and she wants something done for her. We  want to give her the power. We want to give her that coverage. My goal  is that when this finishes, as she goes from cancer to health, the only  thing she knows about her coverage is that the decisions about her  health care are made in her State Capitol and around her kitchen table,  and that as her breast cancer is treated, her health coverage improves.  That is our goal. It is not a Democratic plan or a Republican plan. It  is not a partisan plan. It is a plan for her. That is our goal.   