 Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple.   It would require an executive agency to report any new rule or  regulatory action that would duplicate or otherwise overlap with  existing agency rules and regulations.   So much of government's excess is created by unelected officials who  wield enormous influence over our everyday lives.   Last year, Federal agencies issued 18 rules and regulations for every  one law that passed Congress.   That is a grand total of 3,853 regulations in 2016 alone. In 2015,  Federal regulations cost the American economy nearly $1.9 trillion --T,  trillion dollars--in lost growth and productivity.   Think about that for a second. A $1.9 trillion tax, a government  burden on the American people. That means lost jobs, stagnant wages,  and decreasing benefits for workers.   When the House passed the REINS Act in January, I offered an  amendment to require at least 1 rule be overturned for every new rule  finalized by the executive branch.   President Trump recently took that one step further by issuing an  executive order which required at least 2 rules be overturned for every  new rule.   My amendment builds on those initiatives by requiring any agency  issuing a duplicative regulation to indicate as much when making the  online disclosure required by the underlying bill.   The truth is, the federal government is all too often a fountain of  unnecessary regulations.   And while some may debate the merits of any given regulation, few  would agree the federal government should issue identical iterations of  the same regulation multiple times over.   Mr. Speaker, it is past time we stop bureaucratic abuse and shift the  balance of power from government back to the people, where it belongs.   That can start today by passing the Regulatory Integrity Act and  putting our government on a path to reduce the amount of red tape that  our businesses and the American people deal with every day.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from Michigan for his  hard work on this commonsense legislation.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and the underlying bill.   