 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Frelinghuysen and  Speaker Ryan for rejecting the Office of Management and Budget's  completely inadequate funding request that they sent to Congress. It is  the job of the Appropriations Committee and Congress to write  these emergency spending bills, and we have done so.    I am one of eight subcommittee chairmen who held public hearings at  the request of the chairman. I want to thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for  listening to all of us to change the legislation to ensure that the  State of Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico are a long way towards being  made whole. This is a tremendous step in the right direction. We are  grateful for the funding that is contained here. We are also grateful  for a lot of the changes that the chairman and the committee have  included.   For example, we have got $12 billion here for the Army Corps of  Engineers' projects that is going to be prioritized  [[Page H10386]]  and targeted to areas that have suffered repeated floods over the last  2 years, to areas that have been declared disasters by the President.  That will help ensure that the people of Texas, in particular, who had  53 inches of rain over an area the size of New Jersey, the people of  Texas and southwest Louisiana who suffered from Hurricane Harvey, those  projects will receive priority consideration by the Army Corps of  Engineers. That is going to help us get that third reservoir built in  northwest Harris County.   This funding is also sufficient to fully pay for all federally  authorized flood control projects in southeast Texas. That means we  will have front-loaded funding for a critical project to finish out  Brays Bayou, to build it to the 100-year flood protection standard.   The Army Corps of Engineers' funding is also going to allow us to  dredge the Port of Houston, the Port of Beaumont, and open up those  ports to full capacity.   Another important change that the chairman included at my request,  and I am very pleased it is in there, is that we had a lot of people  flooded because the Army Corps of Engineers opened the floodgates  necessarily on Addicks and Barker.   These folks were flooded by the action of the government in the  Neches River Waterway and the Sabine Waterway and on the San Jacinto  River.   Chairman Frelinghuysen included language that allows the Governor of  the State of Texas to ask for a waiver of the prohibition against  duplication of benefits.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, it is important for the people of Texas  to know that help is on the way to not only repair the damage caused by  the flood, but if they were flooded by the action of the government,  there is a provision in this legislation today that will allow the  Governor to request that they be compensated, that they can take out an  SBA loan at the front and they will pay the government back, and then  receive a Community Development Block Grant at the end to help make  them whole.   Mr. Speaker, we will also be able to rebuild churches and synagogues.  That is vitally important because we suffered so much damage in  southeast Texas.   I am proud to support this legislation, and I look forward to working  with the chairman and my colleagues as we go forward, if there is  additional funding needed. I am very grateful for the support of  Congress. I urge Members to support this vital legislation to help the  people of southeast Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico have a better  Christmas.   