 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I join literally millions of Ohioans and  tens of millions of Americans in my concern about what the House of  Representatives is trying to do to our healthcare laws and our  healthcare system.   I leave just one statistic with my colleagues in the Senate, and that  is that in my State alone, there are 200,000 people who are now under  treatment for opioid addiction, and they are able to get this  comprehensive treatment because they have insurance under the  Affordable Care Act.   The legislation apparently coming out of the House of  Representatives, even though we do not know how much it costs, is a big  tax cut for the wealthy. We do not know how much it costs because they  are moving so quickly. It was under wraps, and now they are moving it  so quickly that the Congressional Budget Office has not even had time  to look at it and understand what it costs, nor has it been able to  tell us how many of the 22 million Americans who have insurance under  the Affordable Care Act will lose their insurance. They want to move so  fast that they are not even answering the basic questions of how much  it costs--a lot; how much it is going to add to the deficit--a whole  lot, but they will not be specific; and how many people will lose their  insurance.   As I said, today 200,000 Ohioans are getting treatment for opioid  addiction under the Affordable Care Act. Most of them--we think at  least half, but tens of thousands of them will lose their treatment  just like that, right in the middle of their addiction treatment. What  does society gain by that, other than some Republican talking points,  when people chanted for 6 years ``repeal and replace ObamaCare,'' never  having any idea how they were going to replace it--still don't--to do  it right and continue that effort.    Finally, there is the hypocrisy of this, where Members of Congress in  the House and in the Senate enjoy taxpayer-financed health insurance.  People in this body--most of the 100 Senators and most of the 435  Congressmen and Congresswomen--have health insurance provided by  taxpayers, yet they want to take insurance away from millions of  Americans. These are people who have jobs. They are millions of  Americans who have jobs, who are making relatively low wages. Some of  them may be holding two or three part-time jobs. They make low wages.  They have no health insurance provided at their job. People in Congress  who have taxpayer-funded health insurance are taking their insurance  away, stripping them of that insurance. How morally repugnant that is.  How hypocritical that is. Yet they move along their merry way.   We should defeat these efforts. We should continue to make  improvements in the Affordable Care Act, but not wholesale destruction  that will throw hundreds of thousands of Ohioans off of the insurance  they have.   I will close with this. My Republican Governor has admonished his  Republican colleagues around the country and in Congress not to repeal  the Affordable Care Act and throw 900,000 people in Ohio off of their  insurance without a replacement to take care of it. This bill coming  out of the House is far from an adequate replacement.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   