 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the 2017  Consolidated Appropriations Act. The Interior division of this omnibus  bill attempts to fairly balance the needs of our subcommittee's many  diverse agencies and programs. It continues the subcommittee's critical  work on addressing wildland fire, domestic energy production, the needs  of our national parks, and meeting the obligations to Native Americans  and Alaskan Natives. I look forward to working with the new leadership  at the Interior Department in the FY 2018 appropriations process.   This bill provides funding for fire suppression at the 10-year  average level. It includes $407 million in the FLAME wildfire  suppression reserve account to help avoid borrowing resources from  other forest programs to put out wildland fire.   This bill provides additional funding for the National Park Service,  including efforts to address the maintenance backlog, the Service's  Centennial, and the Centennial Challenge matching grant program.   The bill makes significant investments in health care, law  enforcement, education programs in Indian Country, honoring the  longstanding commitments to the American Indians and Alaska Natives.   This bill builds on the Trump administration's efforts to promote  domestic energy and mineral development both onshore and offshore.   Before I close, I want to thank our ranking member, Ms. McCollum of  Minnesota. She has been a partner and friend as we worked through our  hearings, wrote the bill, and moved it through the legislative process  to completion.   I also want to thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for his support of the  Interior Subcommittee and his leadership of the full committee. Kudos  to you, Mr. Chairman, for bringing this appropriations process to a  successful conclusion.   Finally, I thank the staff who have worked so hard on this bill. They  include Dave LesStrang, Jason Gray, Darren Benjamin, Betsy Bina, Jackie  Kilroy, and Kristin Richmond; also Ian Foley and Rebecca Keightley in  my office.   Mr. Speaker, the package before us today is the product of many  months of bipartisan negotiations. I urge Members on both sides of the  aisle to support this important legislation.   