 Mr. Speaker, I rise to continue honoring HBCUs,  Historically Black Colleges and Universities, for their significant  contributions to our Nation's history.   While only 3 percent of our Nation's higher education institutions  are Historically Black, HBCUs produce 20 percent of the African- American college graduates. Today, I recognize and celebrate two of the  seven HBCUs in my congressional district, Voorhees College and Denmark  Technical College, both in Denmark, South Carolina.   Voorhees College was founded as Denmark Industrial School in 1897 by  Elizabeth Evelyn Wright when she was just 23 years old. Wright studied  at Tuskegee Institute and was a devotee of Booker T. Washington. She  had previously led efforts to start schools for African Americans in  South Carolina, which were always met with arson and threats of  violence. She persisted in her efforts to offer African Americans an  opportunity for a better life and, with Voorhees, created an  institution that would stand the test of time.   Wright originally taught classes in an old store in Denmark, but, in  1902, New Jersey philanthropist Ralph Voorhees donated money to  purchase land and construct a building for the school. A high school at  first, Voorhees offered classes at this level for African Americans in  the area.   In 1924, the Episcopal Church partnered with Voorhees, and an  affiliation with that church continues to this day. The college began  to offer junior college degrees in 1947 and 4-year degrees in 1962.  While originally founded on the principles of Booker T. Washington to  teach job and trade skills to African Americans, Voorhees now proudly  claims to offer a blend of Washington's philosophy and that of W. E. B.  Du Bois, who believed a classical liberal arts education was vital to  the development of African Americans.    The college's recently retired president, Dr. Cleveland Sellers, is a  Denmark native who graduated from Voorhees High School. Sellers went on  to Howard University, where he became active with the Student  Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, participating in its 1966 March  against Fear.   In 1968, after returning to South Carolina, Sellers was arrested and  imprisoned for supposedly inciting the confrontation between students  and police that became known as the Orangeburg massacre, when police  opened fire on students, killing 3 and injuring 27.   Voorhees' College's new president, Dr. W. Franklin Evans, previously  served as interim president of my alma mater, South Carolina State. In  that role, he successfully led South Carolina State out of a financial  crisis. I sincerely believe that Voorhees College is well-positioned  for the future with Dr. Evans at its helm.   Denmark Technical College, whose campus is adjacent to Voorhees, was  originally a branch of the South Carolina Trade School System. It was  created in 1948 by the South Carolina General Assembly and mandated to  provide trade skills to African Americans. During the ``separate but  equal'' era, Denmark Tech was one of the few opportunities for trade  school education offered to African Americans by the State.   In the early 1960s, Governor Fritz Hollings and then-Senator John  West led the effort to create the South Carolina Technical College  System. In 1969, the existing trade school in Denmark was transferred  into the system and the modern Denmark Technical College was created.  Its total enrollment is approximately 2,000, 96 percent of whom are  minority students. Denmark Tech continues to provide technical  education and trade skills in its assigned region of Bamberg, Barnwell,  and Allendale Counties.   Voorhees College and Denmark Technical College, like their fellow  HBCUs, have made an indelible impact on their communities, South  Carolina, and the Nation. They have provided generations of African  Americans educational opportunities, and I look forward to their  continued success.   