 Amendment X:   ``The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution,  nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States  respectively, or to the people.''    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the majority leader, Mr.  McCarthy, for yielding.   I rise to thank and to pay tribute to Tim Berry.   Mr. Speaker, the American public sees us so often when we are  confronting one another--disagreeing strenuously sometimes and  disagreeing sometimes disagreeably. What they don't see is the staff  working with staffs across the aisle in a constructive effort to reach  consensus and to move democracy forward. What they don't see is the  collegiality that is engendered through the years between staff who  have the responsibility of ensuring not only that their Members have  full knowledge of what is being considered and their advice and  counsel, but also of assuring that there is positive communication  across the aisle even when we disagree.   Tim Berry has been one of the most adept, most cordial, most  positive, and most effective staffers in effecting that end. We Members  sometimes mask how effective our staffs are. I am sure they will lament  that from time to time.   Tim Berry, I want you to know--we are very proud--is from Silver  Spring, Maryland. He grew up in Silver Spring and grew up in our State.  Tim Berry is a proud son of our State. Yes, he is a Republican; yes, he  has been on staff on the other side of the aisle; but he is an American  first, who has cared about his country, who has cared about this  institution, and who has cared about showing respect and concern for  staffs on both sides of the aisle.   I have had a number of chiefs of staff, one of whom is Cory  Alexander, now the vice president of UnitedHealth. Cory Alexander and  Tim are good friends. They worked together very constructively when Tim  was with Tom DeLay. Mr. McCarthy is in that office, and I had the  privilege of using that office for 4 years. There was never a time when  we walked down that hallway that we didn't think of Detective Gibson  losing his life and Officer Chestnut losing his life outside that door.  Tim Berry was there to serve. Tim Berry served, notwithstanding the  dangers that were self-evident.   Lisa is in the gallery and his children who have been mentioned by  Leader McCarthy. Young people, you can be extraordinarily proud of your  dad. I know, Lisa, you are as well. He has made this institution a  better institution. He has made the relationship between the parties  more positive in times when it was greatly strained.   Tim, thank you. Thank you for your service to the Congress, thank you  for your service to the country, and thank you for your service to each  and every one of us. God bless you and Godspeed.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reiterate the strong,  bipartisan support for our ally, Israel, in the United States Congress.   Support for Israel has always been a bipartisan value, and it  reflects the values of our country. Although we are entering a period  of one-party government, bipartisan support for Israel remains a  strategic asset, and those who support Israel need to be careful not to  jeopardize that. I think none of my colleagues do that. I want to make  it clear.   In supporting this House resolution, we are expressing our deep  concern regarding the decision to abstain in the U.N. Security Council  Resolution 2334. Some may point out that the decision to abstain does  not veer from the actions of past administrations. They would be right.  It does not. That may be true, but it does not justify, in my view,  this particular vote.   Allowing a one-sided resolution, which I perceived the U.N.  resolution to be, to be adopted at this juncture sends the wrong signal  and emboldens Israel's and America's enemies.   The United Nations is notorious for its disproportionate criticism of  Israel. As Ambassador Samantha Power said before the U.N. Security  Council vote on Resolution 2334: ``As long as Israel has been a member  of this institution, Israel has been treated differently from other  nations at the United Nations.''   She also noted that, in 2016 alone, the U.N. adopted more resolutions  critical of Israel than it did nations that brazenly violate  international law and violate human rights--more than Syria, more than  Iran, more than North Korea, more than South Sudan, more than Russia,  combined.   A one-sided resolution that assigns exclusive blame to Israel for the  continuation of the conflict--without addressing Palestinian incitement  to violence, Hamas control of Gaza, or their continued insistence on  the so-called right of return and refusing to accept Israel as a Jewish  state--undermines prospects for a two-state solution.   Also deeply concerning is this resolution's reference of Israeli  presence in East Jerusalem, including the Jewish Quarter of the Old  City and the Western Wall, as illegal.    The only way to achieve a real and lasting peace that  enables Israel to protect its security and remain both a Jewish state  and a democratic one is a two-state solution, which I strongly support.   There are two parties to this conflict. Both have responsibilities.  Both need to take steps toward peace. For Israel, this means not  building in areas envisioned in the long term as part of a future  Palestinian state; and for Palestinians, it means ending incitement,  ending terrorism, and affirmatively accepting Israel's right to  existence.   I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.   