 I want to thank my colleague, Representative  Murphy, for holding this Special Order on such a critically important  topic.   And you mention that my district borders the State of Pennsylvania,  and it does. And I have had so many incidents of engagement with my  constituents on the opioid addiction issue. Several of them really  stick out.   Representative Murphy, one of those happened in Pennsylvania.  Occasionally, because my district goes all the way up to the top into  northeast Ohio, occasionally I fly in and out of Pennsylvania. I was  there a couple of years ago, and I was sitting in the lounge waiting  for a flight. I happened to be on a phone call, and I noticed that a  gentleman began to look my direction. He very patiently waited until I  got off the telephone, and then he came over, introduced himself. He  recognized me, and he said: I am not one of your constituents, but I  know that you represent a district just across the border in Ohio. He  said: But I want to implore you, to beg you and your colleagues in  Congress, please do something about the opioid addiction. He said: Our  21-year-old son died of an overdose in January. He had just gotten out  of a rehab, was doing well, had gotten a job. He came home one Friday  night, said he was going out with some friends. The next morning his  mother and I found him dead in his room.    I hear stories like that all of the time.   I can tell you that the opioid addiction epidemic that is streaking  across our country is not one that we are going to be able to arrest  our way out of. It is not one that we are going to be able to  incarcerate our way out of. It is an issue, my dear colleagues, that is  going to take everybody from the top to the bottom, from the President  of the United States all the way down to the family members. I am  talking about local government officials, law enforcement, the  judiciary, faith-based organizations, community organizations. This is  something we are going to have to all be engaged in.   We have appropriated, as you know, Representative Murphy, hundreds of  millions of dollars, billions, in fact, to attack the opioid epidemic.  More is needed. We are not going to be able to simply throw money at  this problem. It is going to require a cultural change within our  country.   I have so many other stories, but I don't want to take up more time  because I know I have other colleagues here who want to testify on this  very important issue.   Just know that I am with you. We take this issue very seriously in  our district. Back in Ohio, we are constantly reaching out to law  enforcement, mental health providers, healthcare providers, faith- and  community-based organizations, and families on how to attack this  problem.   I thank you for giving me a chance to speak on it.   