 Mr. President, the pitch to Republican Senators this  afternoon before the first vote was that it was nothing but a little  bit of throat clearing--just a first step to get the conversation  started.   Let's be clear, nobody can pretend the stakes aren't real now. In a  few minutes, the Senate will be voting on yet another version of the  Senate TrumpCare bill. I call it the BCRA 3.0. It features a special  gut punch to consumer protection offered by Senator Cruz.   My view is, the Cruz proposal is a prescription for misery for  millions of Americans dealing with serious illness and bedlam in the  private insurance market. Forget, colleagues, all the talk about  bringing costs down. This bill is going to send health expenses like  deductibles and copayments into the stratosphere.   TrumpCare 3.0, BCRA 3.0, tells insurance companies: Look, you are off  the hook for basic consumer protection. You get to bring back annual  and lifetime caps on coverage, and those caps would hit people who get  their healthcare through their employer, as well as those who buy it  for themselves in the individual market. You can forget about essential  health benefits. You get to flood the market with bargain-basement  insurance plans, as long as you offer one, single, comprehensive  option, the kind of plan that actually works for people with  preexisting conditions and, by the way, you get to price that through  the roof.   Under the Cruz proposal, we will be looking at a tale of two  healthcare systems in America. The young and healthy are going to opt  for the bare-bones insurance plans that don't cover much of anything,  but there are millions of people in this country who cannot get by with  skimpy Cruz-plan insurance. They are people who have had a cancer scare  or suffer from diabetes. They are people who get hurt on the ski slopes  or in a car accident. The only coverage that works for them will come  with an astronomical pricetag.   There was no hearing in the Finance Committee, no hearing in the HELP  Committee. Senators are flying in the dark, and as far as I can tell,  the proposal is going to be before us without having been scored by the  CBO.   Let me close with this. It is not too late for Republican Senators to  put a stop to this shadowy, unacceptable process. Nobody in this  Chamber--not one Senator--has to choose between TrumpCare and straight  repeal or any partisan plan. I hope my colleagues will reject TrumpCare  3.0, BCRA 3.0 and say it is time to stop this my-way-or-the-highway  process and say, after rejecting this ill-advised amendment, that they  would like to return to the regular order, where we look to bipartisan  approaches.   I urge my colleagues to oppose and to oppose strongly this first  amendment that we will vote on tonight, BCRA 3.0. It is a prescription  for trouble for millions of consumers, and I think it is going to cause  chaos for the reasons I described in the private insurance market.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Ohio.   