 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment empowers State, local, and  tribal governments by ensuring they have a say in the regulatory  process.   H.R. 1009 already codifies and improves upon the practices of the  Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. My amendment strengthens  the language even further, requiring OIRA to hold Federal agencies  accountable for coordinating and consulting with State, local, and  tribal governments before issuing new regulations. In other words, we  are giving governors, local officials, and tribal leaders a say in the  regulations that affect them. These local officials know what their  communities need much better than the bureaucrats in Washington.   Unfortunately, our Federal agencies have a habit of issuing  regulations and policies without consulting local and State  governments. For example, we just need to look at the EPA waters of the  United States rule.  [[Page H1440]]    Historically, States have had significant authority over water  management. Governors have worked with local and tribal leaders to set  up their own laws and regulations to ensure that water is properly  allocated, that water meets certain quality standards, and that water  in their State is protected from misuse.   The EPA's WOTUS rule is excessive and burdensome because they  disregarded the role of the States in crafting waterway regulations.  The agency held no substantive consultation with State governments  prior to issuing the rule, despite States' historical roles in  regulating their water supplies, despite the State-level experts who  could have helped the EPA craft a better regulation, despite President  Clinton's Executive Order 13132 ensuring that Federal agencies consult  with State, local, and tribal officials before issuing a rule.   Federal officials never gave State, local, and tribal officials the  opportunity to explain how their States were currently handling the  situation and how this rule could negatively impact their  jurisdictions. Since the EPA bureaucrats barreled ahead without State,  local, or tribal input, they proposed an overreaching rule.   This amendment would require the EPA and other Federal agencies to  account for how proposed rules will affect impacted States, localities,  and tribes.   The amendment under consideration simply requires Washington to  listen to and learn from local governments because local governments  are closer to the people. And the people of this Nation should have a  say in the rules and regulations that are affecting their livelihoods.   In closing, this amendment is simple. It ensures that regulatory  agencies talk with State, local, and tribal leaders throughout the  regulatory process.   I urge my colleagues in the House to support this.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   