 Mr. Chairman, I, too, rise in strong opposition to this  mean-spirited amendment.   This attack on the integrity and professionalism of the Congressional  Budget Office is shameful and is part of a strategic assault on the  objectivity and expertise in our civil service.   With this amendment, the Republicans are seeking to punish the  nonpartisan CBO because they don't agree with their finding regarding  the Republican plan to replace ObamaCare.   I understand that, for Republicans and the Trump administration, it  is an inconvenient truth that 23 million Americans would lose coverage  under their plan, but just because you are losing the game doesn't mean  you can fire the refs. Partisan talking points cannot replace unbiased  analysis.   Let's not forget the CBO's Director was appointed by a Republican  Speaker and praised effusively by then-Budget chairman and current  Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price.   Mr. Chairman, I represent more Federal employees than any other  Member of the House. Most of these 89 positions at the CBO that this  amendment seeks to eliminate are my constituents. It is simply  unacceptable that we somehow suggest that they and others in the civil  service are not honest.   The choice to pursue this political attack on the CBO through the so- called Holman rule should concern every Member of Congress. Back in  January, when Republicans passed their rules package enabling Members  to target individual Federal employees and their pay, I warned that the  Holman rule would be abused and used as a way to politically target  civil servants. That is exactly what we are seeing today.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would direct the Vet Centers to  use $2.5 million of the additional funding allocated in the underlying  bill to provide outdoor experiences for veterans as part of their  continuum of care. This program would support veterans in developing a  community of support to treat combat-related injuries, especially those  related to their behavioral health.   The Vet Centers are uniquely positioned for the collaboration and  development of alternative and supplemental approaches. We know that  traditional mental health services are underutilized by veterans, but a  2014 University of Texas study found that, after just a one-week-long  Outward Bound veterans wilderness expedition, those veterans who  participated showed clinically significant improvements in mental  health variables like sense of social connection and attitudes towards  seeking psychological help. They also showed important decreases in  depression and anxiety.   The Senate Appropriations Committee has already included the same  language in their version of the MILCON-Veterans Administration  Appropriations bill.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. I am  very grateful to the chairman of the subcommittee for including this in  the en bloc amendments because it will enable Vet Centers to explore  alternative avenues for engaging veterans in a supportive environment  to help with both mental health and readjustment to civilian life.   Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Norcross).   