 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing up H.R.  469, which includes, as indicated, the text of my bill, the Judgment  Fund Transparency Act.   The purpose of this act is really very simple. Actually, contrary to  previous arguments, the rule of this and the intent of this is so  simple. It is simply for government transparency. This bill will go a  long way in providing our constituents and taxpayers a better idea of  how their tax dollars are spent.   Now, heaven knows, and for heaven's sake, those of us here, we  certainly know, the Federal Government isn't perfect. It is prone to  errors that can cause harm to individuals or organizations from time to  time, and when these errors are particularly egregious, the government  is sued and damages are awarded to those who are harmed.   Early on, in fact, this Congress spent a large part of its time doing  nothing but sorting through claims and making appropriations to pay  those claims. In fact, not even 100 years ago, much of this body's work  consumed only that topic, and it wasn't until 1956 that Congress  established the Judgment Fund and gave authority to the Treasury  Department to resolve these claims in ``a permanent and definite  appropriation.'' That simply has been abused.   In keeping with the law's requirement to report on the fund from time  to time, the Treasury Department files a yearly report of the Judgment  Fund with Congress, and also maintains a web page that can be searched.   Now, this sounds good. Right? But the cryptic and otherwise limited  information related to each payout has made the database almost  entirely worthless. There is no information on what the government did  wrong. There is no information on the claimant. In fact, journalists  and transparency groups revealed in the last few months that from 2009  to 2015, the government paid out more than $25 million to unnamed or  redacted recipients. A $25 million secret. We don't know who was paid,  we don't know why they were paid, and, in some circumstances, we don't  know how much they were paid.   Now, we are all familiar with the previous administration's decision  to take $1.3 billion out of the fund, convert it to cash, and deliver  it to Iran, yet this isn't the only egregious use of this fund.    Three years ago, The New York Times reported on what was likely an  illegal billion-dollar payout to thousands of farmers who had never  even sued the government. This isn't just unacceptable, it is crazy. It  is horrible government. It is the type of thing that makes people  resent the Federal Government.   This bill aims to clarify and to reduce that. It aims to clean up the  ambiguity that exists between the current law and provide much-needed  transparency. It would require the Treasury to make public any payment  from the Judgment Fund and to include very simple things that common  sense would surely demand: the name of the agency named in the  judgment, the name of the plaintiff, the amount they were paid, any  other fees such as attorneys' fees or interest, and then finally a  brief description of the facts which led to the claim.   The Judgment Fund Transparency Act may not prevent bad decisions by  all government employees or government agencies, but it will shine a  light on those decisions to the American people. This is about helping  to increase the amount of trust between the American people and a  government that they simply don't trust. We give them reasons not to  trust us. Let's bring accountability and transparency to that.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to vote ``yes'' on the rule and ``yes''  on passage of this crucial bill.   