 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Blunt). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, as you know, for months now, I have been  [[Page S3984]]  coming to the floor to recognize a special Alaskan, somebody who makes  my great State a better place for all of us to live, someone we call  the Alaskan of the Week, usually an unsung hero who has done great  things but doesn't want anyone to tell you about it because they are  humble people. Some of these people have been very well known  throughout the State, and others, as I mentioned, are doing their jobs  in different communities throughout the State, but they are all  considered our Alaskans of the Week. Unsung, well known--they all share  a love for Alaska for good reason: There is so much to love about our  great State.   I know most of the people in this room and watching on TV and in the  Gallery think of Alaska as a majestic place, majestic landscape. It is  true. It is majestic, but it is truly the people of Alaska who make it  such a special place, kind and generous people, patriots and pioneers  who pave the way for the rest of us and leave a very indelible and  important mark on my State and, in many cases, our country.   Today, I would like to recognize one of these very special Alaskans,  a trailblazer, someone whose work has touched nearly every corner of  the State, someone whom we recently lost, unfortunately, just this  week, but his memory will last forever. I am talking about Gene Zerkel,  who was a member of the ``greatest generation'' and an aviation legend  in the great State of Alaska.   I don't have to remind you, but many others throughout our country  don't know just how important aviation is to Alaska. In my State, our  skies are the highways and the roads. We have about 8,000 general  aviation pilots in Alaska, which is more than any other State per  capita by far, and with good reason: There are no roads and ferry  services to over 100 communities in Alaska, including regional centers  like Bethel, Nome, Barrow, and Kotzebue. That means everything from  mail services to baby diapers has to be flown in by plane, and if  someone gets sick and needs to go to a hospital, the only way they get  to see a doctor is by a plane.   Our pilots and our airline industry are essential to serving the  people of Alaska, and Gene Zerkel has been a part of that service, a  legendary part of Alaska aviation, for decades.   Let me tell you a little bit about Gene. He lived life on his own  terms and defined it through love of God, family, country, and  aviation. The latter--his passion for aviation--took hold when he was  just 3 years old, then living in Indiana when he took his first  airplane ride with a barnstormer. He was so taken with it, when he grew  up, he continued to do some of those kinds of flights, traveling in  airshows.   Like so many in the ``greatest generation'' in our Nation, he  enlisted in the Army Air Corps during World War II and later joined the  U.S. Air Force. He continued his passion for aviation after he left the  military. Some of his favorite adventures were flying during the  construction of the DEWLine throughout Alaska and Canada in the 1950s.   In 1973, he fulfilled a lifelong dream so many people in America  have, which was to come to Alaska and start a family. He started to fly  in the great skies above Alaska. We are a better State and a safer  State for it.   In Alaska, he owned and operated Great Northern Airlines and became  senior VP of operations and maintenance for the legendary MarkAir. He  also started Alaska Aircraft Sales and Maintenance, which still  operates to this day on Lake Hood in Anchorage, AK.   He was an innovator. He transformed the de Havilland DHC-2 Beaver  into what was known as the Alaska Magnum Beaver, and he was known for  always putting safety first.   In 2007, Gene was awarded the Wright Brothers Master Pilot Award from  the U.S. Department of Transportation and the FAA in recognition of his  more than 50 years--half a century--of promoting aviation safety within  the aviation industry, particularly in Alaska.   Gene lived for 90 years. He saw so much and did so much for many of  us. His name is written above the skies of Alaska. But most  importantly, he was a devoted husband of 48 years to his wife Joyce and  the faithful father of nine children.   I had the good fortune of calling Gene a friend and was able to visit  with him a few weeks ago. At 90 years old, he was still full of life  and spark and energy and passion and optimism. I have also been in  touch recently with one of his sons, a young Alaskan hero, Keenan, who  has his father's passion for serving our country, with many deployments  to Afghanistan as part of the 210th Rescue Squadron of the Alaska Air  National Guard. He is literally a true hero in my State. Keenan carries  on his father's passion for aviation, Alaska, and serving in the  military.    Gene's love of country, family, and aviation will always be with us.  My wife Julie and I pray for his family and his friends during this  time.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   