 Mr. Chair, I want to thank the ranking member for  yielding. And, Mr. Chair, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman  Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and Chairwoman Stefanik for their  collective efforts in crafting this bill that is before us this  evening.   I would also like to thank the staff who worked tirelessly on this  productive and forward-thinking legislation.   It is an honor and a privilege to serve as a senior member of the  House Armed Services Committee on behalf of the selfless servicemen and  women who protect our Nation every day, and I am proud of the very  strong bipartisan effort represented by this year's NDAA.   Mr. Chair, we accomplish a number of important objectives in this  bill. First of all, we enhance our deterrence capabilities in Europe  and support our Nation's submarine force. I am very proud of the  Virginia class submarines that we build starting right in my district,  and we also provide strong support for the Columbia class program that  will be the Ohio replacement program.   We also make it clear that climate security is, indeed, national  security, backing the Department in its efforts to build resilience,  reduce risk, and prepare for all types of threats that may come our  way, even if those threats come from climate change.   But as ranking member of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and  Capabilities, I am particularly proud of the provisions we have  included on cybersecurity, special operations, and research and  development. We strengthen our cyber cooperation with our partners and  allies through both training and collaboration with the NATO  Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence.   We better leverage the U.S. Global Engagement Center to combat  propaganda and information warfare operations conducted against America  and her allies, and we grant permanent authority for family support  programs within Special Operations Command that reflect the unique  needs of these warfighters and their families.   We also reinvigorate the DOD scholarship program so that students are  encouraged to pursue information security degrees and can come to work  defending our Nation from the get-go. We can have all of the cyber  policies in place that we want, but if we don't have the trained  workforce to execute those policies, we are going to be behind the  curve, and this helps to close that gap.   We advance hypersonic weapons research, development, and especially  transition efforts. We prioritized the readiness of U.S. Cyber Command  in our Cyber Mission Force, and we strengthen congressional oversight  of sensitive cyber military operations and command cyber warfare tools  and capabilities.    This approach was deliberate in nature, and it moves us closer to a  military that will be able to address the variety of threats that we  face in the 21st century.   Again, I would like to thank Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member  Smith, and Chairwoman Stefanik, and all of my colleagues on the House  Armed Services Committee, as well as the staff, for their hard work on  this very important bill.   