 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Florida for  managing this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3317, the SAFE Act,  legislation that will increase the Federal penalty for female genital  mutilation from 5 years to 15 years.   This past April, just north of Detroit, reports of this appalling and  brutal practice surfaced in my district. As a lifelong resident of  southeast Michigan, I was horrified to learn that three local  residents, including two physicians, professionals we trust with our  children, were charged for allegedly performing and participating in  this barbaric practice.   The subsequent Federal prosecution has shed light on an evil practice  that has no place in southeast Michigan or the United States. This  person who claims to be a physician is a monster and has reportedly  committed this heinous act hundreds of times.   This despicable practice has no place in our society, and we must  ensure our Federal laws reflect this principle. We must make it clear  to Americans and the rest of the world that this practice will not be  tolerated.   The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that over  500,000 girls in the United States have undergone or are at risk of  FGM. That is 500,000 girls too many. We must set a zero tolerance  against this practice. This is gender violence and oppression, and it  is time for the government to punish such egregious behavior  accordingly.   My bipartisan SAFE Act will increase the Federal penalty from 5 to 15  years, putting it more in line with other developed countries. We need  to protect our girls right here at home, and increasing the penalty  will go a long way toward accomplishing this goal.   I want to thank the coauthor of this bill, the gentlewoman from New  York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), my friend and colleague, for her work.  I also want to thank Chairman Goodlatte for his effort and leadership  in moving this bill through the committee process.   Mr. Speaker, today we can step toward eradicating this barbaric  practice, and I urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 3317.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is certainly a pleasure to yield 2  minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B.  Maloney), a good friend and a champion of these issues dealing with  vulnerable women, the original sponsor of this legislation along with  Mr. Trott.   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good  friend, Sheila Jackson Lee, for her extraordinary leadership on this  issue and so many others, and I thank her for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3317, the Stopping  Abusive Female Exploitation, or SAFE, Act. It is a bipartisan,  noncontroversial issue; and I hope this body unanimously supports it,  as it will save the health and protection and stop the abuse of girls  in our country.   I am the Democratic lead on this bill and, first, want to thank my  friend and colleague from Michigan (Mr. Trott) for his devotion,  extraordinary leadership, and commitment to bringing this bill to the  floor.   Female genital mutilation is an issue that affects women and girls in  the United States and around the world.   I want to express my regret that he has decided to retire from this  body. We will miss his leadership in Congress. His district, I am sure,  and State will miss it, and, I must say, I believe our country will  miss it. It is one thing when a woman champions a woman's issue, but to  have a like-minded man join you and lead you is a very, very special  expression of leadership, and I am deeply grateful for the gentleman's  leadership on behalf of the girls and women that this bill will help.   Female genital mutilation is a terrible, abusive practice that causes  immense physical and emotional pain and damage to young girls that can  last a lifetime. It is a Federal crime. Twenty-two States have laws  against it, yet it is still being practiced in our great country.   It is illegal in the United States, and while we condemn this  practice around the world, we really need to do more to stop it right  here at home.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.   Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute.   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. The CDC estimates that in 2012,  500,000 females in the United States have been subjected to or are at  risk of female genital mutilation, and that number is rising. It is up  to us to bring that number to zero.   This bill creates a harsher and more appropriate penalty, increasing  the current sentence of 5 years to 15 years imprisonment. Stricter  penalties for performing the procedure are critical to eradicating this  horrific abuse.   I not only thank my colleague, but also Chairman Goodlatte and  Ranking Member Nadler and our sponsors in the Senate, Senators  Feinstein and Grassley.   This is an important bill. I hope this entire body supports it. It  will literally save the lives of many young girls in our country.   