 Mr. President, I rise to pay tribute to law enforcement  officers from Arkansas and all across the country who are called to  serve and to protect. I am grateful for their dedication and commitment  because it takes a very special person to put his life on the line  every day to protect our communities.   Arkansans are proud of the law enforcement history in our State. In  my hometown of Fort Smith, AR, the U.S. Marshals Service has a deep- rooted history that has helped shape our Nation's westward expansion.  Today, many people in the area find their family roots traced back to a  U.S. Marshal. As home to the future U.S. Marshals Museum, the community  and the State have rallied around this proud heritage. The tradition of  courageous public service is carried on today by the men and women who  keep communities across the country safe 24 hours a day.   This week, members from law enforcement agencies from around the  Nation will join together in Washington to honor their fallen brothers  and sisters who have died in the line of duty. May 15 marks Peace  Officers Memorial Day, and this week is recognized as National Police  Week. We take this opportunity to honor the men and women who have died  in the line of duty by adding their names to the National Law  Enforcement Officers Memorial.   This year, nearly 400 names will be added to the memorial, including  these Arkansans: Robert Barker, a patrolman for the McCrory Police  Department, who died while serving the people of Woodruff County on  September 15, 2016; Corporal Bill Cooper, of the Sebastian County  Sheriff's Office, who gave his life in the line of duty on August 10,  2016; and Corrections Officer Lisa Mauldin, who died in service to the  community on December 18, 2016.   These Arkansans represent the selfless sacrifice that our law  enforcement personnel embody. It is the truest testament to the life  that they chose--to serve their communities.   I am sad to say that the name of another Arkansas law enforcement  officer will be carved into the memorial. Yell County Sheriff's Deputy  Kevin Mainhart was killed in the line of duty last week. He was a  veteran officer with more than 20 years of serving and protecting  Arkansas communities. I offer my condolences and my gratitude to his  family and friends and the law enforcement community as they cope with  this unspeakable tragedy.   Our law enforcement officers are true heroes. We recognize, not only  during this week but all year long, the devotion of the 900,000 law  enforcement officers whose service each and every day makes our  communities safer.   I was proud to recognize the service and sacrifice of these first  responders and show my support for their commitment to our safety  during a tour of Arkansas last year that we called Every Second Counts.  First responders invest so much of their lives in public service that  one must take the opportunity to commend them for their tireless  efforts and willingness to serve in a crisis at a moment's notice.   The role of law enforcement is changing. These men and women perform  a variety of roles from responding to emergencies to maintaining public  safety and promoting safety services and programs. In Arkansas, we are  blessed to have the Criminal Justice Institute, which is a part of the  University of Arkansas System. It is a resource to police departments  and sheriffs' offices that provides them with updated training and  information as they adapt to provide more services to their  communities.   As a member of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, I am deeply  committed to supporting the Criminal Justice Institute and advocating  for the policies and resources that law enforcement agencies need to  successfully carry out their missions, as well as honoring those lives  that are tragically cut short while in the line of duty.  [[Page S2927]]    That is why I am proud to cosponsor the Honoring Hometown Heroes Act,  which allows Governors to order the American flag to fly at half-staff  in recognition of the sacrifice of the first responders who make the  ultimate sacrifice. The House of Representatives passed similar  legislation earlier this month, and I am hopeful that it will also have  the support of this Chamber.   I thank the law enforcement officers in Arkansas and across the  country who dedicate their lives to protecting our children and  communities and seek to bring criminals to justice. These heroes come  to our rescue when we need help, and I am committed to continuing to  advocate for these officers.   I yield the floor.   