 Madam President, I rise to speak on the same subject as  my friend from Texas.   Listen, Democrats are ready to talk to Republicans about improving  our healthcare system, but we aren't going to engage in a debate that  presupposes that the end result is going to be millions of people  losing care and rates going up for everybody in order to fund a tax cut  for the wealthy. That is the plan Donald Trump and the Republicans are  pushing.    So my Republican friend is right: Democrats are not interested in  having a discussion about how many people are going to lose coverage.  We are not interested in having a discussion about how high the rate  increases are going to be. We are not interested in having a discussion  about big tax breaks for millionaires, billionaires, insurance  companies, and drug companies.   Let's be honest. If Republicans were serious about working with  Democrats, we wouldn't be using an arcane Senate rule which allows them  to push through a bill with 50 votes. If Republicans really wanted to  work with Democrats on healthcare reform, they would do it through  normal business. If Republicans were really serious about working with  Democrats on healthcare reform, they would be going through regular  order and going through the committee process.   Whatever we want to think about the Affordable Care Act, it went  through the committee process. I think 160 Republican amendments were  accepted in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee in  2009. The Finance Committee held multiple meetings. The bill was on the  floor of the Senate for a month. Republicans are jamming this bill  through--no committee process, no committee meetings, no committee  markups, no open-floor process.   Even Senator Corker called out his own party and said that this is no  way to rewrite one-sixth of the American economy--13 male Republican  Senators, behind closed doors, in secret.   Democrats are desperate to work with Republicans on fixing what is  wrong with our healthcare system. Not every problem has been fixed, but  we are not going to start with 17 million people losing healthcare or  rates going up by 20 percent. And we want to do it in a way that is  transparent to the American public, where everybody can see.   On the second point my friend from Texas raised--this idea that CBO  got the numbers wrong when they estimated how many people would be  insured by the Affordable Care Act in 2009--as he mentioned, they  weren't off by that much, but to the extent they were off, there is a  simple reason for it: CBO did not take into account that Republican  States would seek to undermine the Affordable Care Act in every  conceivable way possible. CBO gave Republican Governors and State  legislatures the benefit of the doubt that once this law was passed,  once it was presenting an avenue to insurance for millions of people  across the country, both parties would seek to implement it. That is  not what happened. Republican States refused to set up State-based  exchanges. Republicans brought lawsuit after lawsuit to try to stop the  Affordable Care Act from going forward. Republicans, in control of the  House and the Senate, jammed through legislation that reduced the risk  insurance provided to insurance companies. CBO did not estimate that  Republicans would wage a 6-year-long campaign to undermine and undo the  Affordable Care Act.   In States that implemented the act, such as Connecticut, numbers met  or beat expectations. In States that didn't  [[Page S3170]]  implement the Affordable Care Act, sought to undermine it, numbers  didn't meet the expectations.   Then comes President Trump, who openly telegraphs his desire to  undermine the Affordable Care Act, cuts off all of the advertising,  tells the IRS to stop enforcing the law, bleeds out payments to  insurance companies one month at a time, teasing that this will be the  last month they get their money.   Finally, on this question of a gun to the head of consumers--I guess  that is a reference to the provision of the Affordable Care Act that  says: If you don't buy insurance, then you will pay a penalty. That is  absolutely part of the Affordable Care Act. Why? Because if you want  protection for people with preexisting conditions, then you have to  have a mandate that people buy insurance, or else people just won't buy  insurance until they are really sick, knowing they can't be charged  more.   Actuarially, the protection for people with preexisting conditions  only works with the individual mandate. I remember Senator Cruz, during  his marathon filibuster, admitting that. Republicans and Democrats know  that. That is why the American Health Care Act, which just came out of  the House of Representatives, includes an individual mandate. So let's  not pretend like this is a partisan issue.   The rightwing American Health Care Act that came out of the House of  Representatives 2 weeks ago includes an individual mandate--it is in  there--because they know the same thing: If they want to preserve any  modicum of protection for people with preexisting conditions, they have  to require people to buy insurance. They just put the mandate in a  different place. In the Affordable Care Act, the penalty kicks in if  you don't buy insurance. In the House bill, the penalty kicks in after  you have lost insurance and you try to sign up again. It is the same  mandate, the same penalty, just a slightly different timetable for  payment.   Here is what TrumpCare does: higher costs, less care, tax cuts for  the rich.   I want to talk about the CBO score that came out last night--not  major adjustments from the first CBO score, but there are some  important amendments that they make. But the bottom line is that if you  care about costs, there are going to be higher costs. That is what CBO  says. There is a 20-percent increase in cost the first year, 5 percent  in the next year for good measure. There is less care--I mean  significantly less care--23 million people. Big improvement--24 million  people lost care in the first House bill; 23 million people lose care  in the second House bill. And all of this is done in order to pass  along tax cuts to the wealthy. We are talking about $662 billion of tax  cuts for the wealthy.   Here is what CBO says: Premiums are projected to rise 20 percent in  2018. So our Republican friends who came down to this floor for 6 years  and said we need to repeal the Affordable Care Act because costs are  too high just passed a bill in the House of Representatives that CBO  guarantees will raise premiums by 20 percent in 2018.    And it got a lot worse. CBO says that if you are an individual with a  preexisting condition and you live in a State that takes advantage of  one of these waivers, the premiums, frankly, don't even matter to you  because you won't be able to afford the catastrophic high cost  associated with your illness.   If you are an older American, especially an older American living on  Social Security, then you are targeted by the American Health Care Act.  A 64-year-old making $26,000--and I have a lot of 64-year-olds in  Connecticut making $26,000, and I bet a lot of my colleagues here who  live in lower cost and lower income States have even more of this  population--today you are paying about $1,700 a year for healthcare.  That is what your premium is after taxes. Under the American Health  Care Act, your premium would go up to $21,000 a year. You are making  $26,000, and your premium goes up to $21,000. You would receive about  $5,000 in tax credits, but in the end, you would be paying $16,000 in  healthcare premiums.   Now, obviously you wouldn't be paying $16,000 in insurance premiums  because you couldn't afford healthcare if you still want to pay your  rent and you still want to pay your gas bill and you still want a few  groceries.   The reason why massive numbers of people lose insurance is because 20  percent is just the average; for some people, premiums will go up 700  to 800 percent, especially if you are older or if you are lower income.   Here is what CBO says will happen if the Affordable Care Act stays:  The number of uninsured will go up a little bit. It will tick up to  about 28 million. But for all my colleagues on the Republican side who  have been claiming that the Affordable Care Act is in a ``death  spiral,'' CBO tells you that you are wrong. You are wrong. They state  clearly that the marketplaces will remain stable. Now, again, they may  not be counting on the kind of sabotage President Trump is engaged in.  If President Trump continues to destabilize the markets, maybe this  number will be wrong. But if you had an administration that was  attempting to enforce and implement the Affordable Care Act, you would  get about the same number of people who are uninsured.   Here is what happens if you pass the American Health Care Act: The  number goes immediately up to over 40 million uninsured and peaks after  10 years at 51 million people.   Senator Cornyn said: Listen, we still have 30 million people who  don't have insurance; let's try to solve that problem. But CBO says  that the House bill doesn't solve the problem. It turns a problem of 28  million Americans without health insurance into a humanitarian  catastrophe--more people uninsured at the end of this than were  uninsured before the Affordable Care Act passed.   So I guess what Senator Cornyn is saying is that whatever product  emerges from these secret meetings will insure more people and that CBO  will verify that. That is something on which we can work together. Let  me guarantee, that won't be the case.   To give a sense of how many people 23 million is, because I know that  is kind of a hard number to get your head wrapped around, this is the  number of people who lose insurance under the House bill, according to  CBO. CBO's new numbers just came out last night. That is the equivalent  population of Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Kansas, Maine, Montana,  Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, South Dakota, Rhode  Island, North Dakota, and West Virginia. When we put up this chart a  couple months ago, I think there was one additional State. So by moving  from 24 million losing insurance to 23 million people losing insurance,  one State came off this list. But that is the equivalent population of  how many folks lose healthcare in this country. That is why I call it a  humanitarian catastrophe.   Then let's just think about what CBO says about who benefits. Here  are 23 million people who lose insurance--and that is a pretty simple  formula. The bill takes insurance from 23 million people in order to  pass along a $173 billion tax break for the pharmaceutical industry and  the insurance industry and a $230 billion tax break for very rich  people. Some of it will go to people making above $200,000 a year, but  most of it will go to people making over $1 million or $1 billion a  year. The numbers actually work out pretty squarely. The cuts to  healthcare in the bill roughly work out to be about the same amount in  tax cuts for the wealthy.   By the way, there is another chart here that is a great one. There is  another chart that shows who benefits when we look at the tax breaks.  If you make under $200,000 a year, you get zero benefit from the  American Health Care Act. Every single dime of the tax cuts for  individuals or families goes to those making over $200,000 a year. How  about that--a $230 billion tax break, and not a dime of it goes to  people making under $200,000 a year. So this bill was a nightmare  before the CBO score, and it is even more of a nightmare today.   Let me point out one more important thing that CBO says about this  bill. Inside this bill, in a new amendment that allowed it to pass the  House of Representatives, is a provision that allows States to get  waivers from the essential healthcare benefits requirement that  insurance actually provide you coverage for healthcare and the  community rating requirement that you spread out the costs of  healthcare across the entire population of people who are insured.  [[Page S3171]]    What CBO says is that about one-sixth of the population--that is  equivalent to about 25 States and Washington, DC--who might obtain  waivers, including both the essential benefits requirement and the  community rating benefit--that would result in insurance markets coming  apart at the beginning of 2020.   CBO states that ``less healthy people would face extremely high  premiums, despite the additional funding that would be available''  under the bill to reduce premiums. CBO says specifically: ``In  particular, out-of-pocket spending on maternity care and mental health  and substance abuse services could increase by thousands of dollars in  a given year for the nongroup enrollees who would use those services.''   Let me put a finer point on this. The legislative jujitsu that  Republicans did in the House to get this thing passed involved  eliminating the requirement that people with preexisting conditions be  protected from premium increases, combined with a high-risk pool that  would have a bunch of money in it to help reduce premiums for those  people.    CBO tells you essentially that those high-risk pools are a fraud. CBO  says there is not enough money in the high-risk pools in order to  provide any meaningful benefit for people with preexisting conditions.  In particular, they say, women going through pregnancy, families going  through pregnancy, and individuals with mental health and substance  abuse will see thousands of dollars in additional costs because the  money in the risk pools cannot cover the cost of that care.   We have an opioid epidemic raging throughout this country, and the  House just passed a bill that will increase costs for people suffering  from substance abuse by thousands of dollars. We can do better.  Republicans can emerge from these secret meetings, set aside their plan  to ram through this vote with no committee process through  reconciliation, and we can start talking about what to preserve in the  Affordable Care Act and what we need to change. That is what Americans  want us to do.   The majority of Americans do not want this bill repealed. The  majority of Americans today support the Affordable Care Act. Yes, that  number is different than what it was a few years ago. Maybe that is  because, faced with this benefit, faced with these insurance  protections being eliminated, Americans are rallying to the defense of  the Affordable Care Act. That doesn't mean Democrats don't believe we  can make some commonsense amendments, but it does mean we are not  willing to participate in a process that presupposes that the outcome  will be less people being insured, costs getting higher in order to  finance tax breaks for the very wealthy and for insurance companies and  drug companies.   Republicans should come out from behind closed doors, work with  Democrats. CBO tells you a humanitarian catastrophe is coming if you  don't.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Kansas.   