 Mr. President, I wish to take a few minutes to support  the effort to pass the fiscal year 2018 budget resolution. I am on the  Budget Committee, and I am pretty familiar with the document. It  provides a pathway to balance. It actually has a $197 billion surplus  in 2027, and it allows for tax cuts.   To Republicans--and Democrats too; you are welcome to join--the only  way we are ever going to meaningfully get a tax cut is to pass a budget  reconciliation instruction. This budget allows us to cut taxes. I hope  some Democrats will join us, but if they choose not to, we can do it  with a simple majority. If we don't pass this budget, we can't cut  taxes unless we get 60 votes. With our friends on the other side--I  think it is going to be hard to get any Democrats for a meaningful tax  cut. They are not bad people; they just see things differently. When  they spend money, they think that is good. They don't worry about the  deficit. When we cut taxes, the deficit is the most important thing. My  belief is that not only will we not have a deficit, we will actually  have a surplus because this budget does two things: It restrains  spending by $5.1 trillion over the next decade, and it actually creates  a system for tax cuts to spur economic growth.   If we could grow the GDP number by just 1 percent, that would be  trillions of dollars of revenue. To those who are interested in this,  we have been growing at about 1.9 percent GDP per year over the last 8  years--right around 2, sometimes under, sometimes a bit over. The  historical average since World War II has been 3.2. If we could get  back to 3.2 percent GDP growth, there would be trillions of dollars  coming in to the Treasury, and I believe we can.   President Trump is trying to deregulate America after 8 years of  heavy regulation, but he can only do so much through Executive order.   Senator Sullivan, the Presiding Officer, talked about the  opportunities in Alaska. I have learned a lot about Alaska. There are  750,000 people living in a State twice the size of Texas. It is  beautiful as it can be. Environmentally, you are very sensitive. That  is one of the qualities of Alaska you want to preserve. God has blessed  Alaska with a lot of natural resources, and it would be good for the  people of Alaska and the United States as a whole.   Every liter of gas and barrel of oil we can extract from Alaska in an  environmentally sound way is less to buy from people who hate our guts.  We are going to be using oil and gas for a long time to come. I want to  move to a lower carbon economy. I think that would be good for the  environment and good for our economy. Alaska has been blessed with  natural resources, and I think Senator Sullivan explained how sensitive  they are in the extraction process. But it would be insane to take  Alaska oil and gas off the table for America because in that area,  Russia is all over the place, and, trust me, they don't care about the  environment.   One thing this budget doesn't do is it doesn't change the Budget  Control Act caps. There is one member of our caucus who claims that  this budget is somehow fiscally irresponsible. It is not. It actually  leads to a surplus.   There is nothing in this budget that allows for more defense  spending. The overseas contingency operations account is money set  aside for our military and State Department to deal with the wars we  are fighting that are not part of the Budget Control Act. We have been  doing that for years. So for anybody to suggest that this authorizes an  explosion of spending on the defense side--you literally don't know  what you are talking about. If you looked at the details of the budget,  you would find that it cuts spending by $5.1 trillion and actually has  a $197 billion surplus 10 years from now.   But I want to let the body know--and the Presiding Officer will be  right in that fight--that I, along with Senator McCain, President  Trump, General Mattis, Senator Sullivan, Senator Blunt, and many  others, am going to do everything I can to give the military more  resources to fight wars we can't afford to lose.   I look forward to this debate with some of my colleagues on the other  side and a few on this side.   Really, is it smart to have the smallest Navy since 1950? Is it  really smart to have an Army 1940s-size given what is going on in the  world, having fighter squadrons grounded not because the enemy shot us  down but because the Congress shot us down?   We are spending about 3.2 percent of GDP on defense. Historically,  since World War II, it has been about 5. Tell me how you justify  spending that much less today given the world we have to deal with.  Where is the peace dividend?   Since 2011, when sequestration was passed, the world has  deteriorated. President Trump is promising to rebuild the military,  give them the capability they need to keep the enemies at bay and not  fight wars with one hand tied behind their back. So I will be working  with Senator McCain and many others to make sure that our military is  replenished; that we do have a 350-ship Navy, not 278; that we have an  Army consistent with the threats--about 520,000 versus 420,000.   The No. 1 job of the Congress and the Federal Government is to defend  the Nation. That is a different debate. That is not part of the budget.  The budget resolution doesn't change defense spending caps. Hopefully,  we can do that later, working with our Democratic friends.   This is the last best chance we will have to cut taxes. If this  budget resolution fails, the ability to cut taxes on President Trump's  watch goes away.   To those of you on the Republican side who have been claiming that we  need tax cuts and a simpler tax code, this is your chance. If we don't  succeed now, we are going to fail for the entire term of President  Trump. That will be the end of us as a party, because if you are a  Republican and you don't want to simplify the Tax Code and cut taxes,  what good are you to anybody?   Our friends on the other side have really invested in ``the  government.'' Somebody needs to be involved in American politics who  would actually like to send more money to you and less money to the  government in a responsible way.   So I hope we are going to cut the corporate tax rate to make us  competitive. We are going to double the standard exemptions so working  people will have more money in their pockets. We are going to clean up  some of the deductions and exemptions for the few at the expense of the  many. But we can only do that if we pass a budget resolution.   A final thought. From the Republican Party point of view, we have the  House, the Senate, and the Presidency. We have nobody to blame in this  exercise but ourselves. If you are a Republican and you are frustrated  with the lack of progress, count me in. The President is a willing  partner to help us repeal and replace ObamaCare and to get a healthy  tax cut to grow an economy that is dying to grow. But we have to help  ourselves.   If we can't muster the votes necessary to pass this budget resolution  to cut your taxes, then everybody who supported us for all these years  should feel let down, and we will have let you down. I hope that  doesn't happen. I am confident it won't. But to those Republicans who  believe that a ``no'' vote is good for the future of conservatism and  the future of the economic well-being of the country, I could not  disagree with you more. You will never balance the budget by dealing  with discretionary spending alone. We are at 2008 levels of  discretionary spending. What balances the budget is entitlement reform.  If you want to balance the budget, vote for Graham-Cassidy because it  finally puts Medicaid on a sustainable path.    We have to deal with our entitlement problem, but that is not in this  budget reconciliation instruction. This instruction allows us to cut  taxes with a  [[Page S6601]]  majority-only vote and gets to balance or a surplus in 2027.   From a Republican point of view, this is the most important vote we  are going to cast in 2017. If we fail, that is the end of this party's  ability to grow. All of those who worked hard to get us here are going  to be disappointed, and they should be.   We are not going to disappoint you. We are going to pass this budget  resolution. We are going to cut your taxes, and we are eventually going  to rebuild and replace ObamaCare, which is failing, with a block grant  that gets the money and power closer to where you live, in the hands of  the people you can vote for. We are going to succeed.   With that, I yield the floor.   