 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Gallagher for his  bipartisan leadership on the term limits initiative, and my friend  General Bergman for his leadership on this issue.   I don't think term limits are a partisan issue. The Economist had an  article that the turnover rate in the people's House is less than  European monarchies. European nobility turnover is at a faster rate.  Incumbency reelection is 96 percent. When folks say, ``Why can't you  just vote people out of office,'' it is not looking at the actual  statistics. Ninety-six percent of folks here are reelected, and that is  not what our Founders intended.   James Madison and Alexander Hamilton agreed: ``The security intended  to the general liberty consists in the frequent election and in the  rotation of the Members of Congress.''   They envisioned a place where people would come, serve, and go back  home to their communities.   Thomas Jefferson said that people ought to live, lawmakers ought to  live under the laws that they pass. The only way we get back to our  founding ideals is if we pass some version of term limits so that  people do their public service, and then return to the communities  where they reside.   This bill on term limits is really a move against political dynasty,  and that is one thing that this election showed us people really were  not for. They don't like the idea of a few families, or people  connected, holding the reins of power.   Let me end with someone who I think summed this up so eloquently,  which is Barbara Bush, our former First Lady. She said: ``If we can't  find more than two or three families to run for high office, that's  silly, because there are great governors and great eligible people to  run. And I think that the Kennedys, Clintons, Bushes, there are just  more families than that.''   This is from Barbara Bush, who understood the essence of democracy is  to have new voices, new families, new ideas. That is why I hope that  people across the aisle will support the initiative for term limits.   