 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, healthcare for our Nation's children is  something we ought to be able to all come together on, but this  Congress, which has not done much of anything, is always able to find a  way to help Wall Street. Think about the middle-of-the-night vote last  night, where the Vice President of the United States came to the rescue  of Equifax and the rescue of Wells Fargo and the rescue of Wall Street  overall. Think of the celebrations last night on Wall Street because of  that tie vote, which stripped consumers of their days in court. It  stripped consumers of their consumer rights.   This Congress, when it came to the Children's Health Insurance  Program, allowed it to expire at the end of last month. It left  millions of families afraid they will lose healthcare for their kids.  Think about what this uncertainty means for parents. Trying to make  sure your children are safe and healthy is enough to worry about.   Families shouldn't have to fear losing coverage for their kids  because of some politicians in Washington. All of us have taxpayer- funded health insurance. Some politicians in Washington don't seem to  care much about these kids.   In my State, more than 200,000-plus children have insurance under  CHIP. So even if something happens to their parents--even if they lose  their job or their insurance--those 200,000-plus children in Ohio have  insurance because of CHIP. But it expired on September 30.   Governor Kasich is a Republican. I am a Democrat. We stand together  on  [[Page S6807]]  this, as we stand together protecting Medicaid and as we stand together  protecting the Affordable Care Act. He tells us that there is still a  little bit of money left over in Ohio to get us through these next few  weeks until Congress does its job. But that doesn't mean parents don't  worry about their children possibly losing their health insurance.   Kids on CHIP are a little more likely to have asthma or a little bit  more likely to have an illness, in part because they are low-income  kids and they may live near a bus line and the air they breathe may not  quite be so good. Or they live in Appalachia, where they might not be  able to get to the doctor quickly. Those kids are more at risk, and  those parents are worried, even though Governor Kasich assures them and  I assure them we are going to do this.   Congress worked into the middle of the night last night and debated  for hours on a giveaway to Wall Street. They debated for hours on  helping Equifax, which abused the public trust of 145 million people--5  million in my State. They bailed out Wells Fargo, which fraudulently  attacked, for want of a better term, 3.5 million customers. Congress  can bail them out, but it can't pass the Children's Health Insurance  Program?   Because of CHIP, 209,000--I said more than 200,000 before; more  precisely, 209,000 Ohio children have access to affordable healthcare  today--healthcare they may not have received otherwise. That is the  importance of this program. It used to be bipartisan until this  Congress, always in its rush to help Wall Street, forgot about these  children.   This program provides peace of mind for parents. Regardless of  income, when a parent knows that a daughter or a son has health  insurance, it provides peace of mind. They know if their child has a  sore throat or earache, they don't have to wait until the child is so  sick they take her to the emergency room. They won't have to hesitate  or wonder if they can afford the doctor visit or antibiotic. They get  the care their kids need.   Most of us in this body are parents. Most of us in this body have  insurance provided by taxpayers. Wouldn't you think that this would be  important enough to Leader McConnell and the leaders of this body and  to President Trump and to Speaker Ryan? Wouldn't you think it would be  important enough?   We all talk about loving our kids. We talk about grandchildren. Most  of us are at the age where many of us have grandchildren. We don't care  enough about these children as we get insurance from taxpayers. We  don't care enough about these kids to do this?   It has already been 3 weeks now since CHIP expired. CHIP means a  child in Cincinnati or Dayton or Portsmouth or Akron or Youngstown or  Mansfield can see a family doctor when they need it, preventing a  costly ambulance ride and emergency room visit. CHIP means getting  vaccines and shots. It means having dental coverage. We know what  happens to low-income kids who don't get good dental care.   The State of Ohio probably has enough money to help protect CHIP kids  through the end of the year, but Congress needs to act now.   I have met with CHIP families across Ohio. Let me tell you some  stories. Josh, whom I met in Cleveland--his children were covered by  CHIP when he was laid off from his job. He said, ``The ability to take  health insurance out of the equation, feeling confident that my family  will continue to get the same quality of care they had while I was  working, was a huge weight lifted.'' Think about that.   This father, knowing that he has insurance--he had plenty of things  to worry about. He lost his job. Who knows what that means about their  home and their lifestyle and their family? But at least he knew he  could rely on insurance--until now. Look what this Congress has failed  to do.   Think about Noble from Columbus, who came to my office earlier this  year with his mom to talk about how important CHIP is. Noble relies on  CHIP for coverage for the five pediatric specialists he sees at one of  America's great hospitals, Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus.   My colleagues need to think about Josh and his kids in Cleveland and  Noble and his mom in Columbus. We need to think about the mother of a  son with diabetes, worrying about whether her son will be able to see  the same doctor next year or about a father with a daughter with  asthma, praying she doesn't lose her inhaler on the playground because  in a few months they might not have insurance to pay for that inhaler.    My wife has asthma, and I know what that means. She had a father who  had health insurance through his union plan with the Illuminating  Company in Northeast Ohio. He worked maintenance. It was a good blue- collar job. It didn't pay enough to send her to college, but it did pay  enough with good insurance that it gave them a decent lifestyle. They  didn't have CHIP back then. More people had union plans. More people  were protected.   We used to have CHIP until September 30, when this Congress didn't  care enough to provide it. We should not be playing politics with  families' lives.   Two years ago, I led the fight in this body to protect CHIP. Because  of that work, with the support of advocates all across Ohio--and there  are so many of them across the country--we extended funding for CHIP  for 2 years. Again, this was with bipartisan support, back when  Congress operated that way.   We have already come a long way this year. We passed a 5-year  extension of CHIP out of the Senate Finance Committee. It had every  vote in that Committee, with the exception of one. I thank Senator  Hatch and Senator Wyden and my colleague from Ohio, Senator Portman,  and so many of our colleagues for their help with that.   But this process is taking too long. Josh and Noble and the 209,000  Ohioans and 9 million children across the country are in a situation in  which their parents are unsure of whether they will have insurance  through the end of the year and next year and the year after.   It is time for us to come together to ensure that the families we  work for have the healthcare they need for their children.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Radhika  Gharpure, who is currently serving as a legislative fellow in my  office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of this Congress.   