 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of  H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief Act. It is simply good  governance to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission,  which has been operating without authorization since 2013. I think this  legislation represents the kind of thoughtful and bipartisan approach  to policymaking that is often lacking in this place.   In the 114th Congress, I served as chairman of the Subcommittee on  Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, and during several of the  hearings on this reauthorization, we heard diverse perspectives from  end users, from market participants, and from regulators. That  testimony, coupled with the testimony from numerous other hearings at  the subcommittee and full committee level in past Congresses, was  instrumental in drafting the legislation before us today, which is the  same legislation that passed the House of Representatives last Congress  in June 2015.   This bill includes needed reforms to clarify congressional intent,  minimize regulatory burdens, and, most importantly, preserve the  ability of necessary risk management markets to serve those who need  them.   Time and again we have heard how end users--who, I want to point out,  were not the cause of the financial crisis--have been the collateral  damage of  [[Page H412]]  Dodd-Frank reforms. These end users are our farmers, ranchers,  manufacturers, and electric and gas utilities, and they rely on the  derivatives markets to manage their risk, thereby helping to keep  consumer costs low.   It is essential that we provide end users with much-needed relief and  clarity in order to prevent the cost of unnecessary regulatory burdens  that lead to increased costs and uncertainty being shouldered by the  American citizens in my district and across the country.   I want to note that this legislation in no way undermines the goals  of Dodd-Frank. Instead, it simply eases the regulatory burden on those  who use the derivatives markets not so they can speculate, but so they  can hedge risk. Ultimately, this bill is about protecting the American  producer and the American consumer.   I want to close by thanking Chairman Conaway for his strong  leadership on the House Committee on Agriculture, and the ranking  member of the Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit Subcommittee and  my colleague from Georgia (Mr. David Scott), who has been a steady  partner throughout this effort.   We have worked diligently to produce legislation that provides needed  reforms to ensure our regulatory framework protects the integrity of  our markets, while not limiting the ability of end users to access  those tools to conduct their business.   Mr. Chairman, I believe the CFTC should be reauthorized, and I am  proud to support H.R. 238, the Commodity End-User Relief Act, and I  urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this legislation.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Yes, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Chairman, I would point out that  there is over $200 million in the account. If somebody were going to  make $200 million subject to the appropriations process, I imagine any  bureaucrat would object if that was going to happen to their agency.   But the fact of the matter is, that is one of the ways that we as  Members of Congress are able to make sure that taxpayer funds are spent  where we expect them to be spent. This does not in any way, shape, or  form hinder the ability to pay out to whistleblowers. I firmly believe  we should be paying whistleblowers.   If the fund needs additional resources, we have the ability to  appropriate it, but it would prevent the agency from maintaining  balances well in excess of what was anticipated in the Dodd-Frank  legislation.  [[Page H423]]    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   