 Mr. Speaker, I am all in favor of keeping our government  open. The difference that I have with my Republican colleagues is that  I want to keep it open for everyone.   Here, at Christmas, we think of the children first, but the children  are not put first in this underlying bill. The Children's Health  Insurance Program (CHIP) is barely left on life support.   There are children out there right now, some with dreaded diseases or  disabilities, and their access to a family physician is not assured  because this Congress has not acted on the Children's Health Insurance  Program. Instead of Christmas cards, they are about to get cancellation  notices.  [[Page H10352]]    And there are children who were brought here to America, through no  fault of their own, without a visa. They grew up here. They only know  this country. They have since passed a criminal background check. They  had paid a fee, but their future is uncertain. They are called DREAMers  because they have a dream of giving back to America and being full  Americans, which they are, in everything but those legal papers.   And we, in Congress, have our own responsibility. It is a  responsibility to respond to their passionate pleas. We should not  support another partisan Republican continuing resolution or  appropriations process that does not assure the future of our 800,000  DREAMers.   I can tell you, from meeting with them personally, I think of a  cardiac nurse, I think of a county prosecutor, I think of a number of  teachers whom I have met and many students, all of whom are DREAMers,  who want to be full Americans. And I think of the groups in Texas like  RAICES and TOPS and JOLT and the University Leadership Initiative and a  number of others that are working with these DREAMers to secure their  future.   Even President Trump, in one of his few reasonable tweets, in  September, said:   ``Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated, accomplished  young people who have jobs, some serving in the military?''   I think the answer here, if given a free vote, Republicans and  Democrats, the majority would say absolutely not; we need these young  people.   This holiday season is one that you would hope would open closed  hearts to see the humanity in these young people. But amidst all the  self-congratulatory high-fives and patting on the back yesterday down  at the White House, nothing was said about the DREAMers. The Republican  leadership has apparently decided to leave town without doing anything  for them.   I believe that the Dream Act, the DACA authorization they have now,  was terminated by the President just to use them as a bargaining chip.  That was way back in September. And since that time, the majority has  had ample opportunity to act.    Mr. Speaker, I would just say that all of us as Members  of Congress are eager to return to our families as soon as possible  across America, but our DREAMers are left with fear and uncertainty  about returning to their families and about their future.   These deserving young people should not be used as bargaining chips  for a wish list of anti-immigrant policies. Let's reject this rule,  enact the Dream Act, reauthorize CHIP, and offer a truly Merry  Christmas and Happy New Year to all of America's children.   