 Mr. President, I come to the floor today painfully  aware of the many reasons to oppose this reckless, wasteful Republican  tax plan. It is a shame because I still believe we need smart tax  reform that puts working families and small businesses first and that  prepares America to compete in the 21st century, but that is not what  we will be voting on this week.   We are voting on the Trump tax plan this week--a plan Republicans  hope to ram through the Senate with a simple majority vote, 51 votes.  With 51 votes, Republicans will raise taxes on millions of middle-class  families and those working to join the middle class. With 51 votes,  Republicans will hand huge tax cuts to big corporations with no strings  attached and no guarantees that workers will see higher wages. With 51  votes, they will take healthcare coverage away from 13 million  Americans and hike premiums for everyone else. With 51 votes, they will  saddle our children and our grandchildren--like my new grandchild--with  another $1.5 trillion in debt.   Now, any one of these reasons is reason enough to oppose the Trump  tax plan, but, for me, as the senior Senator from New Jersey--a State  of nearly 9 million people, a State with the eighth most productive  economy in America--I cannot and will not support a tax bill that reads  like one giant hit job on New Jersey's middle class.   Just how bad is the Trump tax plan for New Jersey? Well, take the  House version--which is a bill so awful that 11 out of 12 Members of  Congress from New Jersey voted against it, many of them Republicans-- take that plan and make it worse in the Senate. The Senate bill is  worse because it totally eliminates the State and local tax deduction,  otherwise known as the SALT deduction.   Even President Trump's external economic adviser, Larry Kudlow,  recently said ending the SALT deduction will hurt ``a lot of different  people,'' and a lot of these people who will get hurt live in States  like New Jersey.   In 2015 alone, nearly 1.8 million New Jersey households deducted a  combined $17 billion in State and local taxes from their Federal tax  bills, and over 1.5 million New Jersey homeowners with sky-high  property taxes deducted nearly $15 billion that same year. These  taxpayers aren't high rollers. They are middle-class families who had  to work hard to achieve the American dream. In fact, tax data tells us  that 83 percent of New Jerseyans who claim the State and local tax  deduction make under $200,000 a year, and about half of those make  under $100,000 a year. So the families who get hurt live in every  corner of our State--from Ocean County, where it will cost taxpayers  $1.3 billion, to Burlington County, where it will cost taxpayers $1.37  billion, to Passaic County, where it will cost taxpayers $1.16 billion  in deductions. That is wrong. It is just plain wrong to ask these hard- working families--folks who weren't born with a silver spoon in their  mouth, who had to work hard for every dollar they have, who had to  fight their way into the middle class--it is wrong to ask them to pay  more just so big corporations pay less, and do so permanently, and  those born to multimillion-dollar inheritances pay nothing at all.    Ending the State and local tax deduction will literally force New  Jersey families to pay taxes twice on the same money, and rubbing salt  in their wounds is the fact that Republicans let corporations keep on  deducting their State and local taxes on top of the huge tax cuts  lavished on them by the Trump tax plan.   If protecting the State and local tax deduction is so important for  big corporations that make billions of dollars a year, surely my  Republican colleagues can imagine how important it is for a middle- class family in a State like New Jersey to keep it.   Quite frankly, I am sick and tired of Congress treating States like  New Jersey as America's piggy bank. My constituents already pay too  much in taxes. New Jerseyans can't afford to subsidize the rest of  America more than we already do. Yet Republicans now want to dig even  deeper into the wallets of New Jersey's middle class with the Trump tax  plan. To borrow an old phrase as you come into New Jersey from the  Lower Trenton Bridge: ``What New Jersey makes, the GOP takes.''   Some have speculated that this tax bill was designed to punish  Americans who live in so-called blue States. Certainly, I don't know,  but I wouldn't put it past an administration as cynical as this one to  punish States that voted against Trump in the 2016 election, but  ultimately this isn't about red States or blue States. It is time we  start calling these States what they really are. These aren't blue  States. They are America's blue-chip States. They are America's  innovation States, America's economic powerhouse States.   States like New Jersey are home to millions of makers, not takers,  and we are proud of it, but our success didn't happen overnight. It  didn't happen by accident. New Jersey's success is predicated on our  priorities and our investments. New Jersey is a donor State precisely  because we invest in public schools and higher education so New  Jerseyans continue driving innovation in fields like biotechnology,  agriculture, and medicine.   New Jersey is a donor State precisely because we invest in mass  transit and infrastructure so workers can commute to high-paying jobs,  whether in New York City or Philadelphia or in the financial district  in places like Jersey City and Hoboken, and family and friends in  nearby States can easily travel to the Jersey Shore.   New Jersey is a donor State precisely because we invest in public  health and law enforcement because we are stronger when we have safe  communities and a healthy workforce. In fact, the Fraternal Order of  Police says ending the State and local tax deduction will hurt States'  ability to ``recruit the men and women that keep us safe.'' That is  their quote.   In short, New Jersey is a donor State. We see the States ranked by  their deduction, their per capita income, their education rank. There  is a correlation. It is a donor State because we believe in opening the  doors of opportunity to as many people as possible. That is how a small  State like New Jersey continues to punch above its weight economically  to the benefit of all Americans and especially the Americans who live  in less productive States that are more reliant on Federal spending.   For more than a century, the State and local tax deduction has  encouraged  [[Page S7387]]  States to invest in education and infrastructure and opportunity for  all. It is ironic that Republicans, who talk so much about supporting  the States, want to single out those like New Jersey, Virginia, and  Massachusetts that invest in the middle class. That is why Senator  Cantwell and I will be introducing an amendment to protect the State  and local property tax deduction, and I hope a majority of our  colleagues see the value in that.   For as long as I can remember, I heard my colleagues on the  Republican side talk about protecting--not punishing--success. No  matter how you slice it, ending, limiting, or capping State and local  tax deduction is a massive tax on the success of States like New  Jersey.   The Trump tax plan will raise taxes on millions of middle-class  families across America, not in a few years, not in a decade-- immediately.   I refuse to support a tax bill that enriches the few at the expense  of the many, that saddles our children with trillions of debt, that  sets the stage for Republican cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and Social  Security because when that debt rises, the next thing we will hear is  we have to deal with the entitlements--but not entitlements given to  corporations permanently--and that punishes the success of millions of  hard-working, middle-class families in States like New Jersey. That is  not something I am willing to do.   I yield the floor.   