 Mr. Speaker, those of us in this institution talk about  we are a country of laws. However, over time, more and more of the  statements that we have to live by are not laws. They are rules and  regulations. Therefore, when the Whistleblower Protection Act was  passed in 1989, I am not sure at the time whether it was intended to  cover rules and regulations, but, as a practical matter, I think  Federal employees will run into problems in which they are asked to  disobey rules and regulations even more than statutory laws themselves.   On June 7 of last year, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal  Circuit ruled in Rainey v. Merit Systems Protection Board that, while  laws were covered by the Whistleblower Protection Act, rules and  regulations were not, at least if you weren't a Federal employee.   Why is it relevant that we have to make up for the problems caused by  this decision? Dr. Timothy Rainey was a State Department employee who,  while serving as a contracting officer in 2013, was ordered by his  superior to violate the Federal Acquisition Regulation. Dr. Rainey  refused and was subsequently removed from his duties.   When Dr. Rainey invoked the right-to-disobey provision of the  Whistleblower Protection Act, the Merit Systems Protection Board ruled  the law only protected him from violating Federal laws, but such  protections don't apply to rules or regulations. Dr. Rainey appealed  the case, and the U.S. Court of Appeals upheld the Protection Board  ruling and, in doing so, exposed a glaring inconsistency in the  application of the act.    What does this mean? Federal whistleblowers play an important role in  exposing mismanagement, the rampant mismanagement at Federal agencies,  and supporting the oversight work of Congress. Critical to them is the  Whistleblower Protection Act which provides Federal workers with  certain legal safeguards to disclose information that an employee  reasonably believes evidences gross mismanagement, waste of funds,  abuse of authority, or a violation of the law.   This ruling will take away the protections when they stand up to bad  actors in the Federal workforce. In effect, this ruling will give  permission to supervisors in positions of authority to force Federal  workers to violate the rules and regulations that Congress, through  law, directs the agencies implement.   Regardless of your opinion about certain rules, we should not leave,  exposed, Federal workers who are just trying to follow the rules  instead of obeying supervisors who want them to disobey the rules and  regulations. The bipartisan Follow the Rules Act, which I am an  original cosponsor of, will close this loophole created by the court's  ruling and ensure that Federal employees have protections for refusing  to violate the rules and regulations in addition to the law.   I ask support for this bill.   