 I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' and defeat the  previous question so that we can bring up my amendment, which would  block the House GOP majority from cutting Medicare, Medicaid, and  Social Security.   President-elect Donald Trump has promised many times throughout his  campaign that he would not cut Social Security benefits for seniors nor  would he support cuts to Medicare or Medicaid benefits. In fact, at  least 15 times he said he would not make cuts to Medicare or Social  Security. He even tweeted it; so we know he really, really meant it.   If it is important to the Democrats and if it is important to the  President-elect and if it is important to the American people, let's  make sure it is absolutely certain that no one has to worry about a cut  in one's Social Security and Medicare benefits--not a single cut to  anyone. If we could do that, that would be the single biggest success  of the 115th Congress.   If you support the idea that you will not cut Social Security and  Medicare and that you will protect the promise to our constituents,  then support this amendment. But if you are not sure yet or if you  might be willing to cut Social Security and Medicare or if you are  actually considering cutting these programs, then you should oppose  this amendment.   Again, our amendment would block any legislation before the House or  Senate which cuts guaranteed, earned benefits under Social Security,  Medicare, or Medicaid programs; which increases the retirement age for  these benefits or which privatizes Social Security. Nationally, over 64  million people receive benefits from Social Security.   I want to read a couple of comments from constituents from the State  of Wisconsin, the home State of Speaker Paul Ryan and mine.   Robyn from Mount Horeb, Wisconsin, said: ``Please do everything in  your power to oppose Speaker Ryan's legislation to privatize Social  Security and Medicare. These are our earned benefits for a lifetime of  working as dairy farmers.''   Carol from Madison said: ``I am a retired Navy veteran and a cancer  survivor. My grandfather, a World War II  [[Page H481]]  and Korean war vet, is living in a home on Medicaid and Medicare. What  is going to happen to him if . . . Republicans are successful in  drastically altering these programs?''   Democrats believe we need to protect our senior citizens and the most  vulnerable in our society. Democrats believe we need to strengthen the  middle class through the preservation of Social Security and Medicare,  and so do the American people.   Do Republicans share our belief? Let's make it crystal clear. Do you  want to protect Social Security and Medicare, or do you want to cut  these earned benefits? You can decide that with this vote.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' and defeat the previous question  so we can bring up the CPC--the Pocan-Ellison-Grijalva-Lee-Schakowsky  amendment--and find out who truly supports Medicare and Social Security  in this House.   