 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding and for his tireless work over the last couple of Congresses  in bringing this to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1033, the Open Book on  Equal Access to Justice Act. I introduced this legislation with a  bipartisan group of cosponsors to provide additional transparency and  oversight of taxpayer dollars awarded through the Equal Access to  Justice Act.   I want to thank all of the original cosponsors of this legislation  for their support, but, in particular, I would like to thank my friend  from Tennessee, Steve Cohen, a member of the Judiciary Committee. These  are the kind of areas where we find agreement, and transparency is one  of those. I want to thank him for his support and also the gentleman  from Maryland as well, for his support of this.   Additionally, there is one former Member I would like to thank, Mr.  Speaker, Congresswoman Cynthia Lummis, for her leadership on an earlier  version of this legislation. She is looking forward to bringing this to  fruition.   Current and past bipartisan support for this legislation demonstrates  a consensus that we need to address this issue, and that Americans  deserve to know how taxpayer funds are being spent. Almost identical  legislation passed both the Judiciary Committee and the full House on a  voice vote in the 114th Congress.   This bill reinstates the needed transparency and accountability  measures to ensure the Equal Access to Justice Act is helping  individuals, retirees, veterans, and small businesses as originally  intended.   Congress originally passed the Equal Access to Justice Act in 1980,  to remove the barrier to justice for those with limited access to  resources it takes to sue the Federal Government and recover attorneys'  fees and costs that go along with those suits. The law was written to  provide citizens with the opportunity to challenge or defend against  unreasonable government actions where they otherwise might be deterred  by large legal expenses.   To be eligible for payment under the EAJA, an individual's net worth  must be less than $2 million, or a business or an organization must  have a net worth of less than $7 million, although the cap does not  apply to certain tax-exempt organizations.   The Equal Access to Justice Act was intended to address the David and  Goliath scenario, where wronged citizens have to go to court and face  the Federal Government's vast financial and legal resources. It is past  time that we ensure this law is working for the citizens in need and  for taxpayers alike.   Payments of the attorneys' fees come from the budget of the agency  whose actions give rise to the underlying claim. While the original  Equal Access to Justice Act legislation included a requirement to track  payments and report to Congress annually, Congress and the agencies  halted tracking and reporting of these payments made through the Equal  Access to Justice Act in 1995.   Since then, there has been no comprehensive Federal report, and we  are sorely in need of the oversight responsibilities which H.R. 1033  takes the steps to address.   A GAO report indicated that, without any direction to track payments,  most agencies simply don't do it, and Congress and taxpayers are unable  to exercise oversight over these funds. In fact, we have only anecdotal  evidence about how much we are spending on attorneys' fees, the  agencies paying out these fees, and what types of claims are being  recovered. This is simple, commonsense transparency that we are  bringing forward today.   H.R. 1033 requires the Administrative Conference to develop and  implement an online searchable database to facilitate public and  congressional oversight over the Equal Access to Justice Act payments  in both agency adjudications  [[Page H1336]]  and court proceedings. Agencies would be required to provide  information requested by the ACUS for the development of the database,  but, importantly, the ACUS would be required to withhold information  from the database if disclosure is prohibited by law or court order,  the privacy that was just recently mentioned.   The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act ensures that agencies  are operating under the watchful public eye and that taxpayer dollars  are being spent properly.   Our Federal Government is too big, in my opinion, and I believe it  needs to be downsized; but until we make that happen, transparency  should be the minimum requirement. That is why H.R. 1033 is important.  It is common sense, plain and simple. When the Federal Government is  spending money, Congress needs to exercise oversight to ensure it is  being done the way the law requires.   For most people who are facing a lawsuit against the Federal  Government, it is a once-in-a-lifetime challenge and a daunting suit to  undertake, even if they are completely in the right. It is only fair  that when the court rules in favor of an American in litigation against  a Federal agency, the American should be permitted to recoup their  legal costs from that Federal agency.   This act gave Americans the power to take on our vast and sprawling  bureaucracy by removing barriers to justice for those with limited  access to resources. However, since the original reporting requirements  were halted by Congress, information on these payments under law is  severely lacking. This tracking will ensure the integrity and the  purpose in which the Congress had set forth.   It is past time we shine light on this issue. We owe transparency to  the taxpayers who are financing the law, and we owe it to the citizens,  the small businesses, the veterans, and the Social Security claimants,  who rely on the law.   H.R. 1033 represents a bipartisan agreement that transparency over  payments that were made under the Equal Access to Justice Act needs to  be restored. The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act will help  ensure that taxpayer dollars are being spent as intended under this  law. This will bring the transparency and accountability back to a  program where it is sorely needed; and that is just as simple and plain  as it can get. So I would urge my colleagues to support this  legislation.    