 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friends, colleagues  from Colorado for their work on this, for their support of this  important legislation.   I rise today to speak in support of the rule providing for  consideration of H.R. 1343, the Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of  2017. I am proud to be a sponsor of this legislation, and I am grateful  for the consideration it has been given by the House, and I am  encouraged by its strong record of bipartisan support. The bill has  passed the House in prior Congresses as part of larger capital markets  packages, but this is the first time the legislation will be considered  on its own.   We have had very constructive debate on the bill in the Financial  Services Committee over the last few years. This debate has allowed us  to build a strong consensus around this uniting principle: What is good  for the company should also be good for the employee, and vice versa.   We want it to be easy for companies to offer stock compensation to  their employees. This is a company issue, and this is a jobs issue, but  this is also a workforce issue. The title of this legislation does not  betray its intent. We believe encouraging employee ownership is  important.   Agreement on the benefits of employee ownership has contributed to  the strong bipartisan support enjoyed by this legislation. It has three  Republican and three Democratic original cosponsors. Furthermore, the  majority of Republicans and Democrats voted in favor of the Encouraging  Employee Ownership Act when it was considered in the House Financial  Services Committee just last month. We are simply expanding on  something that is working.   The Securities and Exchange Commission, the investor protection  regulator, has never raised issue with reduced disclosures available  under rule 701, so we are simply saying this tool  [[Page H2644]]  should be made available to more companies and to their employees. We  do this by adjusting for inflation the threshold for the amount of  securities that can be issued each year under rule 701.   Again, I want to thank my colleagues from Colorado. I want to thank  all for the work in the Financial Services Committee, and I look  forward to the House's consideration and, hopefully, passage of this  important legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman.   I do want to thank my colleagues for being here. I think this is a  really important discussion that we are having today. It is such an  honor to serve with all of my colleagues.   I do think some who have spoken opposed to this legislation really  don't understand the impact. There is nothing in this legislation that  takes away any disclosures. Disclosures still remain. The same  disclosures that have been in place for 30 years remain exactly there.  This does not have anything to do with Enron, a publicly traded  company. It is completely different. This is private sector. This is  opening up opportunity. I think, by arguing against this, ultimately,  it is taking away opportunity from employees to benefit.   It is such a privilege to serve with people like the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Delaney), who was part of this, opening up opportunities  to hundreds of families. Congressman MacArthur, similarly, opened up  opportunities that changed lives, as well as Congressman Trott, who is  going to be speaking as well. They opened up opportunities to people  who would never have had opportunity to own a company, to own that and  to have it completely change their family and their future.   I rise to support H.R. 1343, the Encouraging Employee Ownership Act  of 2017.   My legislation is based on a simple principle: Employees who own a  stake in the company they work for every day want to see it do well and  will do their best to make sure that that business succeeds. Their  sense of ownership over details, large and small, makes a real  difference to the bottom line and, just as importantly, to the quality  of life of the employers and employees. When the company succeeds, the  employee succeeds. The business, in turn, receives a large boost in  productivity, enabling it to expand its reach and invest in new  technology and equipment.   EEOA would make it easier for companies in Illinois and nationwide to  let hardworking employees own a stake in the business they pour their  sweat into every single day. This benefit also helps companies attract  top talent, even if the company is just starting out.   Warren Ribley of the Illinois Biotechnology Industry Organization,  which represents companies that employ thousands of residents in the  14th Congressional District, believes: `` . . . offering an ownership  stake to employees is a critical tool in recruiting top talent to job- generating companies. And there is no doubt that an equity stake  encourages employees to drive hard for success of that enterprise.''   Unfortunately, some companies are shying away from offering employee  ownership because of regulations that limit how much ownership they can  safely offer. SEC rule 701 mandates various disclosures for certain  privately held companies that use more than $5 million worth of  securities for employee compensation per year.   This threshold was arbitrarily set by the SEC in 1999. For businesses  that want to offer more stock to more employees, this rule forces those  businesses to make confidential disclosures that could greatly damage  future innovation if they fell into the wrong hands; this includes  business-sensitive information, including the financials and  corresponding materials like future plans and capital expenditures. The  SEC's original rulemaking acknowledged these concerns.    And these disclosures aren't just risky, they are costly. As the  Chamber of Commerce has explained, the Encouraging Employee Ownership  Act would instead ``help give employees of American businesses a  greater chance to participate in the success of their company.''   EEOA builds off the JOBS Act reform to rule 12(g), which increased  the number of shareholders of record that a company could have without  SEC registration from 500 to 2,000 and exempted employee compensation  securities from the registration requirements. This idea championed in  the JOBS Act,  [[Page H2672]]  that the law should treat employee compensation securities differently  than traditional securities, has not been extended to the SEC rule 701.   My bill is simple. It is a bipartisan fix. EEOA raises the outdated  threshold for enhanced disclosure from $5 million to $10 million,  keeping pace with inflation every 5 years. We are taking something that  is already working and making it available for even more companies and,  more importantly, more employees.   To be clear, issuers who are exempt from enhanced disclosure would  still have to comply with all pertinent antifraud civil liability  requirements. Furthermore, the employees purchasing these securities  observe the business they work for every day and have a closer  perspective on its operation that is not available to the traditional  investor, thus negating the need for additional disclosure. We should  applaud the employee ownership from the board room to the shop floor.   I thank the bipartisan cosponsors of this EEOA legislation,  especially Congressman Delaney for his hard work and Congressmen  Stivers, Sinema, Higgins of New York, MacArthur, Gottheimer, and Trott.  I thank Speaker Ryan and Chairman Hensarling for their support in  advancing this critical legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr.  Polis) for offering this important amendment to study the impact of  this legislation on employee ownership.   I believe that employee ownership opportunities should be made widely  available to all employees of a company, from the boardroom to the shop  floor.   As the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Polis) stated, this legislation  is an important step forward to increasing ownership opportunities and  gives companies more flexibility to make those opportunities available.   We should understand how this legislation would help increase  participation for employees at all key levels. A study will help us  understand what we can do in the future to incentivize employee  ownership and increase employee ownership participation.   If the gentleman would withdraw his amendment, I would like to work  with him in requesting GAO to carry out this study.   