 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment to H.R. 5 at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to  H.R. 5, which will ensure children's products are safe for use.   In 2015, there were an estimated 254,200 toy-related injuries treated  in emergency departments across the Nation. Tragically, 15 children  were killed in toy-related incidents that same year. As an emergency  medicine physician, I have treated children who have fallen victim to  these accidents.   H.R. 5, the Regulatory Accountability Act, prioritizes cheaper  alternatives for companies over the safety of our children. To me, this  is unconscionable. It is wrong. It is not the direction we should be  taking our Nation.   My amendment to H.R. 5 will ensure that an agency rule regarding the  safety of children's products or toys is not delayed by the  bureaucratic hurdles that H.R. 5 imposes on Federal agencies. My simple  amendment provides a straightforward safety net for our sons and  daughters across the country.   Our children should always be our priority. The facts are clear: a  vote against my amendment is a vote to put a company's bottom line  above the safety of our children. So I urge all of my colleagues to  support this commonsense amendment to protect our children.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to emphasize what is at stake here. We  are talking about delay or forgoing regulations that protect our  children, regulations that give parents like me the peace of mind that  when I buy a bottle for my daughter, Sky, I know it is safe for her to  use, and that when I buy a product that is labeled age-appropriate for  my daughter, Sage, I can reasonably expect it will not contain small  parts that Sage could swallow and send her to the emergency room with  an obstructed esophagus that will require emergency surgery.   For me as a dad it is personal, and for our Nation it is essential.  This is commonsense legislation.   I urge my colleagues to put aside partisanship, politics, and  corporate greed and to think about the children in their lives who  could be harmed by this bill. Vote ``yes'' on my amendment to protect  children and save lives.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   