 Mr. Speaker, I thank you and the chairman. I want to  commend the chairman. I want to commend Mr. Engel for his foresight in  this bill and for bringing it to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I was just recently in Auschwitz. It was my first visit  to Auschwitz and, obviously, seeing something like that is not  something you are going to forget very quickly. Seeing something like  that and an industrial machine put together to eliminate people is not  something that people thought humanity was capable of  [[Page H4289]]  until they found out that it actually was possible.   So in preserving Auschwitz, the purpose was to say: Hey, this is  possible. Never forget that this can happen again.   Mr. Speaker, it was just recently that we learned about the  crematorium that was built in the Syrian prison.   Now, why was this built?   It was built to hide the massive amounts of bodies coming out,  tortured to death; destroyed the lives cut short in this Syrian prison.  It was used to disguise that. It was used to prevent mass graves from  being dug.   I think that proves that Bashar al-Assad is actually a modern-day  Hitler. In fact, if you look at when, as was mentioned prior, Caesar  came to our committee and showed us the images of brutality--the  government cataloging the victims of the Syrian regime with markers  written on the body, a numbering system, and a catalog to say, in  essence, document these massive amounts of death--it became very clear  to us in a very visual sense what was going on in Syria.   Mr. Speaker, oftentimes it is easy in the United States of America,  where we have a lot of comforts and we have a lot of things granted to  us that we take for granted, to look at a situation happening overseas  and think it doesn't apply to us or doesn't affect us; and it is really  tempting sometimes to get into that because it is easy sometimes to  pretend something doesn't affect us. But it does.   We see the massive amounts of migration from Syria, the young 7-, 8-,  and 9-year-olds who are not going to school now because they have been  disrupted and their lives have been disrupted, and in 5 or 6 years, if  they don't get an education and don't get hope and opportunity, they  will provide now the next recruiting ground for ISIS, or ISIS two, or  al-Qaida three, because people without hope and without opportunity are  easy to bring into a terrorist ideology like those.   Mr. Speaker, the President rightly decided to enforce the red line in  Syria when it came to the use of chemical weapons--something that the  Western world has held very dear, that chemical weapons on the  battlefield have no place--and he destroyed a Syrian airfield. It was  the right move. It began to shift the balance of power in Syria, but  way more needs to be done.   I have called for action in Syria, as many on this committee have for  a very long time, and this, the Caesar bill, is a fantastic first step  to doing it. It would increase sanctions on the Assad regime and its  supporters for continued atrocities committed against the Syrian  people. It requires this administration and any future administration  to stand up and impose costs on the Russians, on the Iranians, and on  the Syrian backers for the barrel bombing and gassing of innocent  civilians.   Think about that, a barrel filled with explosives dropped  indiscriminately on a population center intended to commit the largest  amounts of casualties possible; a GPS-guided bomb, or a laser-guided  bomb intentionally dropped into a hospital, and then a delay of 20  minutes so they can hit it again, or hit areas where first responders  have responded to.   Mr. Speaker, this isn't a legitimate way of fighting war, if there is  a legitimate way of fighting war. This is brutality to the top level,  and this is a great step for this Congress to take. We unanimously  passed this the last time. I sure hope we can do that again.   Again, I thank the leadership for leading on this. I thank Mr. Engel  and Chairman Royce for their leadership.   I ask my colleagues to join me and join us in supporting this very  important bill.   