 Mr. President, I would like to thank my friend and  colleague Senator Hirono for her words and her willingness to share how  this bill could impact the millions of Americans with preexisting  conditions. I, along with everyone else in this Chamber, wish her the  best and a speedy recovery so she can continue to fight for the people  of Hawaii and the people of the United States.   After weeks of secret meetings, Senate Republicans released their  healthcare legislation last week. In many ways, it is even worse than  expected. It is no wonder that the Senate Republicans kept this  legislative malpractice hidden behind closed doors. For working  families and the elderly, for the disabled and for those suffering from  opioid addiction, this legislation is a death sentence. This bill takes  a machete to Medicaid. It abandons people with preexisting conditions.  It punishes Grandma and Grandpa, who live in a nursing home, and 25,000  seniors in Massachusetts' nursing homes who are on Medicaid.   It causes the single greatest rollback of civil rights for people  with disabilities in a generation, by taking away the funding for those  with disabilities. It creates an age tax for those over the age of 50.  It shreds a critical healthcare program for the disabled, working  families, and children just to bestow billions in tax breaks for the  wealthiest in our country.   This is an amazing number. The richest 400 billionaires in the United  States will get a tax break of more than $33 billion, which is roughly  equivalent to the cuts from ending Medicaid expansion in four States.  That is more than 700,000 people in just those four States who could be  kicked off of their health insurance coverage to benefit just 400  billionaires in America who do not have to worry about their healthcare  or their family's welfare. But for those who are going to lose the  coverage--people with cancer, people with Alzheimer's, people who need  opioid addiction treatment, people with diabetes--they will have their  healthcare coverage slashed so that 400 billionaires can get a tax  break, which they don't need and they don't deserve. That is at the  heart of this Republican healthcare bill. It is what it is all about.  This legislation is of the rich, by the rich, and for the rich.   It is a ``wealth care'' bill for the upper 1 percent in our country,  and it says to everyone else: Your healthcare is going to suffer in  order to take care of that 1 percent with their tax breaks. It is a  more than $500 billion tax break to corporations and individuals making  $200,000 or more. It is no wonder that President Trump has kept his tax  returns secret, because he knew he was about to get a massive tax break  through this legislation from slashing healthcare for people with  cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's, heart disease, and substance use  disorders. This selfish Senate Republican legislation will increase  premiums and out-of-pocket costs, while decreasing the quality of  health insurance coverage for most Americans.   This bill would result in many Americans--especially those over the  age of 50--paying thousands more in premiums for skimpier health plans.  It will put insurance companies back in charge of our healthcare by  allowing them to waive coverage of the essential health benefits like  emergency care, prescription drugs, maternity care, or mental health  treatment.   That means that someone with a preexisting condition, like a cancer  survivor or a child with asthma, might have insurance but not actually  be covered for the treatment they need, because under this bill, the  anxiety of suffering from an illness or the constant fear of relapse  will once again be exacerbated by financial insecurity.   Yet some of the most damaging provisions of this legislation are the  brutal cuts to Medicaid, which already serves more than 70 million  Americans, including, very importantly, two-thirds of all seniors in  nursing homes in America, who are on Medicaid. Let me say that again:  Two-thirds of all seniors in America are on Medicaid. Half of all  seniors over the age of 85 have Alzheimer's, and 15 million baby  boomers are going to have Alzheimer's. They are going to need some  help. People have a hard time paying $60,000, $80,000, $100,000 a year  for a nursing home bed. What are the Republicans planning on doing over  the next 15 years? Slashing that funding in Medicaid for seniors in our  country who will need that help just to stay in a nursing home, or else  they are going to have to go home to their families who will be  responsible for providing the care for them.   The Senate Republicans doubled down and opted for even steeper cuts  in their bill than in the House version. In  [[Page S3755]]  3 years, the Senate bill will start the process of kicking millions off  of their Medicaid coverage by ending Medicaid expansion in States  around the country. It will mean 22 million Americans are kicked off of  coverage.    Then, as if that wasn't enough, starting in 2025, the plan will  institute even more drastic Medicaid cuts that every year become a  deeper cut than the year before, and it will literally mean death by a  billion cuts for millions of Americans who will lose their healthcare  coverage, especially those suffering from substance use disorders.  Medicaid covers about one-third of Americans with an opioid use  disorder and pays for nearly half of the medication-assisted treatments  in Massachusetts. Taking away this treatment would be a death sentence  for thousands of Americans.   A vision without funding is a hallucination. The Republicans are  saying: We will find the will to take care of these people with opioid  treatments. Well, you can't will your way to dealing with an opioid  crisis. It is a disease. You need funding. You need treatment. And  right now, there are millions of Americans who don't have the treatment  they need. Medicaid is the way in which it will be provided, but the  Republicans are just going to slash it, and the consequences are going  to be catastrophic.   Now, here is what the Republicans are saying: To make up for the cuts  to Medicaid, the Senate Republican healthcare legislation creates an  opioid fund of $2 billion for 2018. Compare that to the $91 billion in  funding for opioid use disorder treatment that would be provided by the  Affordable Care Act over the next 10 years. A $2 billion opioid fund is  pocket change for a crisis that took 2,000 lives just last year in  Massachusetts and 33,000 lives across the country. And if people were  dying from opioid addiction at the rate they are dying in  Massachusetts, that would be a 100,000 people a year--two Vietnam wars  a year dying from opioid addiction. They are going to slash the funding  for treatment for these families. It will be a death sentence for these  individuals if they do not have access to the funding.   So the formula of this bill is simple: First, increase the cost of  care, so working families pay more. Second, decrease the quality of  care for seniors and the sick. Finally, hand over the hundreds of  billions of dollars in tax breaks to the wealthiest people in our  country--billions in tax breaks to people who don't need them, who  don't deserve them, paid for by people who can't afford it. It is  healthcare heartlessness.   To add insult to injury, it will devastate the budgets of already  strapped States, which may be forced to raise taxes or cut other  benefits, such as education or housing assistance, to make up for the  billions of dollars States will lose because of this bill.   It is cruel. It is inhumane. It is immoral. It is just plain wrong to  cut healthcare benefits for those who need them to give tax breaks to  those who do not need them. That is the Republican plan.   The Republican leadership is trying to catch a political unicorn with  this bill--to make moderate Republicans happy while satisfying the most  conservative elements of the Republican Party. But there is no  treatment for TrumpCare. It is dangerous for healthcare, and there is  no reviving Medicaid if this bill passes.   This Republican proposal has never been about policy. It isn't about  covering more people or decreasing costs of healthcare or making it  more patient-centered. The Republican proposal has always been about  slashing healthcare for ordinary Americans to give a massive tax break  to the wealthy in our country. That is the Republican policy agenda,  not patient-centered care, because this will hand back over the power  to insurance companies in our country, not to patients.   If Republicans were really concerned about reducing the deficit, then  every single dollar in this bill would go to reducing the deficit--the  crocodile tears which they shed about the deficit. No, ladies and  gentlemen, they are shoving this money straight to the biggest number  of billionaire beneficiaries than any tax bill in our country's  history. They are, in fact, the party of the wealthy. They are the  party trying to make sure that those who are in charge of funding the  Republican Party now receive their pay back in the form of tax cuts at  the expense of the healthcare of the ordinary people in our country.  That is selfish, that is unconscionable, and that is why the Democrats  are going to fight this every step of the way this week in order to  protect healthcare for every American.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.   