 Mr. Speaker, I would also like to remind the gentleman  from Ohio that the latest poll put the will of the American people at  17 percent in favor of this bill.   I would like to read a message from my Republican constituent:   ``The American Health Care Act would strain the fiscal resources  necessary to support the Commonwealth's  [[Page H2408]]  continued commitment to universal health coverage.''   This constituent is the Republican Governor of Massachusetts, who  knows that TrumpCare destroys our ability to ensure access to quality,  affordable healthcare coverage.   Another Republican in my State, Governor Mitt Romney, worked with the  Democratic legislature to create the Nation's first system to provide  affordable, comprehensive health care. RomneyCare wasn't perfect, but  Republicans and Democrats worked together to improve it, and they  created a system with higher approval ratings than TrumpCare or even  ObamaCare.   We can do this. Health care should not be partisan. It should be  about investing in our people, in our families, and in our future so  that Americans can live healthy, productive lives. But that is not what  this Republican TrumpCare bill does.   Michael is a constituent from Gloucester, the old fishing city. He  was prescribed OxyContin by his doctors, and then became addicted. But  he was able to enter a treatment program through Medicaid, the kind of  program that will be cut by TrumpCare. He is now back at work as an  electrician, and he says that the Affordable Care Act saved his life.   I am a veteran, and I get my health care at the VA. Sometimes it  takes me weeks to get an appointment. If this Republican bill passes,  it will throw 8 million veterans off private health care, forcing them  into the VA, and creating even longer wait times. That is no way to  treat those who have put their lives on the line for our country.   Perhaps it's no surprise that this bill is being jammed down the  throats of Congress and the American people like a dead fish.   Nobody wants it and it will make a lot of people sick.   What we should be doing here in Washington is coming together as  Republicans and Democrats to have an open, honest debate, and improve  the health care system.   Everyone says Congress doesn't work--don't prove them right.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on this terrible bill and to instead  come to the table like we did in Massachusetts.   