 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for  yielding time and commend him for his continuing leadership on national  security. I also thank the chairwoman of this subcommittee, Ms.  Granger, and the ranking member, Mr. Visclosky, for their continuing  work on national security.   Mr. Speaker, it is important that we pass this bill now. The  Department of Defense is currently operating under a continuing  resolution, which means you have got to spend the same money this year  that you spent last year, and you have to spend it on the same things.  Even if you don't need to spend money on something this year that you  spent last year, you have to. So it is wasteful. But you also can't  spend money on new things, even though new threats arise. It is not  good for any part of government. It is particularly bad for the  Department of Defense. It is important to pass this bill now to remove  this continuing resolution and have a regular appropriation bill.    Secondly, this bill is consistent with the Defense Authorization  Conference Report which passed this House in December. All but four  Republicans and all but 30 Democrats in the House voted for that  measure in December. This is very consistent with that, and I hope it  gets at least as much support as that bill did in December.   There are a few differences. We are further into the fiscal year, so  the committee was able to fund some additional priorities that were in  the House-passed authorization bill that we were not able to put in the  conference report. I just think it is important for all of us to  remember, Mr. Speaker, that the only answer to some of the readiness  problems we are facing is modernization. We have had testimony that it  takes twice as long to maintain an old F-18 aircraft, for example, as  it does a new one. Well, this bill has some additional F-18s, and that  is good for the pilots, good for the services that receive them. It  also frees up maintenance to work on other things.   Finally, it is important also to remember that this bill is just a  first step in repairing and rebuilding the military. I am afraid all of  us have underestimated the deep damage that has been done through  sequestration, budget cuts, and a high tempo of operations. Just  yesterday, I was out at Fort Campbell to see some of this and hear  about some of this firsthand from the Army.   This is an important essential first step, but shortly we should  receive a supplemental appropriation to do more of the work of repair,  and then we need to move toward an FY18 bill that really begins the  rebuilding that, I think, on a bipartisan basis, most all of us in this  Chamber would support. Remember, Mr. Speaker, the first job of the  Federal Government is to defend the country. This is an important first  step to help us fulfill that responsibility.   