 Mr. Speaker, the American Dream is what  separates us from the rest of the world. It promises that, with hard  work and determination, you can improve your station in life and that  your children have an opportunity for a better life than yours. But for  many in the generation coming of age in the last decade, the American  Dream has been a little tarnished and just out of reach.   The last time we did tax reform was 30 years ago. At that time, we  were the world's uncontested economic leader. Our economic system and  Tax Code were competitive. But for decades, we have sat by as the world  passed us by.   In 1990, the middle class was about 50 percent of American families;  today, only 40 percent. Today, the middle class makes just about the  same take-home pay as it did in 1990.   When we all worry about income disparity and the gulf between the  rich and the poor in this country, this is the source of the problem.  The American middle class is smaller and has not had a raise in 30  years.   How could this happen? It has everything to do with a bloated,  overregulating, and overtaxing Federal Government, a government that  sucks the life out of the economy and forces our companies, our  innovators, and our job creators out of our country to survive.   Some folks say it doesn't matter that we have the highest business  tax rate in the world. That is not why our companies left. They say  those jobs aren't coming back.   Well, I say the outdated Tax Code is an anchor around the neck of our  businesses, our innovators, and the American middle class. I say the  American worker can compete with anyone on a level playing field if we  just get government off their back.   Since January, we have been working to correct that. We have made  dramatic steps in reducing regulation. You can already see the economic  lift.   Today, we undertake a tax cut, which will restore economic growth,  put more take-home pay into the pockets of hardworking Americans, and  restore opportunity for a generation of Americans. It will bring  American jobs back to America, which will grow our middle class and,  finally, after 30 years, our middle class will get the pay raise it  deserves.   If you really wish to grow our economy, you should vote for this  bill.   If you really wish to give the middle class a pay raise, you should  vote for this bill.   If you really wish to reduce income disparity, you should vote for  this bill.   If you really wish to give hope to Americans who have given up and  left the workforce and wish to reduce crime and addiction in this  country, you should vote for this bill.   If you want America to have the economic strength to remain a force  of peace and stability in the world, you should vote for this bill.   And, finally, if you truly believe what Thomas Jefferson said 240  years ago, that all men are created equal and that they are entitled to  pursue their own happiness, you should vote for this bill.   