 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Walden and  Chairman Upton for their cooperation and input. The teams on both sides  of the aisle, the chairman of the full committee, and the chairman of  the subcommittee have worked really hard to advance this important  bill, and I thank them.   Hydropower is an essential component of an all-of-the-above energy  strategy. We have a tremendous opportunity to expand renewable  hydropower production. However, without some much-needed licensing  improvements, we risk losing investment opportunities in new hydropower  infrastructure.   In particular, closed-loop pumped storage hydro projects offer the  opportunity to store energy for use when it is needed. In essence, it  is a giant natural battery. H.R. 2880, the Promoting Closed-Loop Pumped  Storage Hydropower Act, establishes an expedited licensing process for  these projects.   This bill cuts unnecessary red tape that currently accompanies  approval of these projects, hindering energy security and job creation.   I am excited about the possibility that some are exploring to build  these facilities in abandoned mines and/or the coal fields of central  Appalachia. As a part of this, H.R. 2880 also requires FERC to hold a  workshop to explore the potential opportunities for development of  closed-loop projects in abandoned mine sites.   I am hopeful this will be a real benefit to our coal field regions in  the form of jobs, economic development, and energy security; and I am  proud of what we are doing here in an effort to make this happen.   If we can repurpose some of these mines or bring jobs in to central  Appalachia that don't currently exist, it is an energy region and it is  a region that understands the energy issues, and as people want to get  rid of coal--I support keeping coal--but all of the above requires we  also do hydropower.   I urge my colleagues to help us create new jobs in these regions by  supporting this bipartisan, commonsense legislation promoting closed- loop hydropower development.   