 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment made in order under the  rule.    Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. McClintock for managing this bill  and for his help on this.   I am pleased to support the bill, the GROW Act, which, contrary to  some claims, protects northern California water rights and keeps more  water in the north than the status quo. I should know because I  represent the source of the overwhelming majority of California's  usable water.   The underlying bill improves water efficiency by allowing junior  water contractors in the Sacramento Valley to carry over water supplies  from one year to the next in Lake Shasta, retaining access to those  supplies the following year, which promotes efficiency when you are  banking that additional water for future use.   This amendment improves the bill by ensuring that all Federal water  contractors in the Sacramento Valley have the same ability to  reschedule their water supplies.   Mr. Chair, under the current system, water contractors are forced to  use it or lose it. If water allocations are not fully used each year,  the ability to access that water is lost.   Now, around Washington, D.C., that use-it-or-lose-it attitude usually  means a lot of money that sits in certain agencies' bank accounts or in  their pots, it is just used up. Why would we want to do that kind of  thing with water? We need to be banking it and saving it, where  practical, to be usable in the next year or to pass to others who could  use it as well.   During wet years, farms and ranches may choose to reschedule a  portion of their water for the following year. This bill and this  amendment will significantly improve planning and delivery of water  supplies by ensuring maximum flexibility, flexibility which we need,  and allowing water to be accessed when it is needed most.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, providing flexibility for more parts of  California does not, indeed, punish any other part of northern  California. With that, we have to dispel some of these notions about  what the end goal is for this legislation and for my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time    Mr. Chair, I am very pleased to be able to work with my  colleague, Mr. Costa, to ensure that these concerns are met and  addressed as the bill moves through the Senate.   I believe the ability to reschedule water deliveries for these  periods when they are needed should be offered as widely as possible,  and I appreciate the support in that goal.   Indeed, the opportunity that we can help the Central Valley with  this, I relish that opportunity to do so. More facilities to store more  water is, indeed, very important so we have more flexibility for Mr.  Costa and his neighbors, constituents.   I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California  (Mr. McClintock).     Mr. Chair, indeed, whether it is a drought period where  we have to work even harder to spread that water around or in a year of  abundance like what we had, we have to be wise about storing it where  we can and having the flexibility to put it where we need to and having  additional facilities in the future to store farther into the drought  years that, no doubt, will come. This is what we are looking for in  this legislation and what I am trying to promote for my particular area  in northern California with this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, indeed, the water battles in California  have been very difficult for many, many years, but what I hear from the  other side of the aisle is a whole lot of ``no.'' What I hear from  normal Californians who aren't in positions of elected leadership who  seem to be more interested in catering to a few environmental groups  instead of the needs of Californians, especially on the heels of  drought, what these Californians are saying is: Get this stuff done.  Get these projects done. Help us out. Help us to have jobs in our State  and not cater to just a handful of interests here that will help us  through another election.   Mr. Chair, I am pleased to present the amendment and proud to work  with these folks, and I yield back the balance of my time.   