 Mr. President, on January 18, 2017, two days before  President Obama left office, he finalized a rule and put it in place to  require States--regardless of their decisions in their State--to have  to use Planned Parenthood, removing the decision making from each  State.   In the past, it had been very straightforward. States were allowed  the opportunity to be able to examine who was the best decision maker  to be able to help and the best provider of care in their community for  title X funding. For that family planning funding, when it occurs and  when it goes through the process, the States made the decision, looked  at the providers, found out who the most comprehensive provider was,  who could provide the best healthcare, and they made that final  decision.   President Obama, two days before he left office, finalized a rule to  remove that right from States and to compel each State to be able to  use Planned Parenthood.   States like mine and many other States said: We want to do family  planning in our State. We want to have comprehensive healthcare in our  State, but we do not want to provide Federal funds to the single  largest provider of abortion in the country. That was a reasonable  decision that our State lawmakers could make to be able to protect the  lives of women in our State and to protect the lives of children for  the future. That reasonable, commonsense method was removed two days  before President Obama left office.   I am proud to say that the House of Representatives and the Senate  today voted to strike that rule from the last two days of President  Obama's term to compel States to be able to use Planned Parenthood in  their States, to be able to give the option back to the States again.   I look forward to President Trump signing it. I would remind the  President of this one simple thing, though. This does not strike  funding away from women's care. This doesn't take funding away from any  of the family planning. This doesn't even force States to not use  Planned Parenthood. It is a simple statement of where we used to be:  States could choose to have Planned Parenthood as a part of their title  X funding, or not. It is their choice. If some States want to do that,  they may continue to do that. Other States should not be compelled to  do that with taxpayer funds, though.   That is the new status quo as soon as President Trump signs it--to be  able to return to a basic doctrine: States should not be compelled to  have taxpayer funds used toward Planned Parenthood title X funding.   I am proud that this Senate just passed this resolution. It is a  reasonable act for us to be able to do, and I look forward to the  President's signature.   I yield the floor.   