 Mr. Speaker, this resolution of disapproval will repeal  the CFPB's Arbitration Agreements rule, a rule that consumers are going  to be able to be protected by, according to the CFPB. That is their  stated mission: to protect the consumers.   Let us look at the data that has been provided by the CFPB. Just 13  percent of the class action suits actually provided a benefit to the  consumers. And what was that whopping benefit? Thirty-two dollars.  Thirty-two dollars that they are willing to celebrate over as  compensation for people who have been harmed.   Let us look at the other side of the ledger. What are trial lawyers  receiving? On average, $1 million. So while our friends may want to  stand up for the trial lawyers, for their million-dollar paychecks, we  are going to choose to stand with the American consumer to make sure  that they are going to be able to receive the justice that they  deserve, and one way to be able to do that is going to be through  arbitration.   When we look at the CFPB's own statistics, the average arbitration  payout is not your $32. It is almost $5,400, which has been received in  terms of compensation that is going to be paid.   This latest rule, Mr. Speaker, joins a growing list of CFPB actions  that have hurt consumers. Since the Bureau's inception, they have  rolled out rules and regulations 3\1/2\ times faster than other Federal  agencies, and according to the research from the American Action Forum,  just 26 of these regulations have added an additional $2.8 billion in  regulatory costs.   The practical effect of the Bureau's actions are measurable,  especially in rural districts like mine: no mortgage credit for young  families trying to purchase their first home, community banks that  spend more time on compliance than serving their community, and small  businesses that cannot get the capital that they need to grow.   The Arbitration Agreements rule is nothing more than the latest  sleight-  [[Page H6273]]  of-hand by the Bureau taking money out of pockets of consumers and  gifting it to trial lawyers.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Valadao). The time of the gentleman has  expired.    Mr. Speaker, the CFPB would lead you to believe that a  multiyear class action lawsuit--and that is according to the CFPB's own  estimates, average attorneys' fees of $388 million, and that is a win  for consumers.   The judgment is not on the side of consumers. They may want to stand  for the trial lawyers. We are going to stand for the consumers. Let's  repeal this and institute the CRA for the arbitration rule.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Capuano), a senior member of the  Financial Services Committee and a strong progressive member.   