 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished  chairman Ed Royce for yielding. I thank him for his leadership on  trafficking, for this bill in particular, for the markup, and for all  of the assistance he provided. I also thank Eliot Engel, our ranking  member. I thank them from the bottom of my heart.   I want to thank Karen Bass, the lead Democrat on the bill, for her  exceptional leadership and her collaboration on this legislation.   I want to thank Speaker Ryan and Majority Leader McCarthy. I have to  say--and I have been working on human trafficking since about 1995,  chaired probably more than 30 hearings and written four laws--I have  never seen such a deep commitment to fighting trafficking and  protecting victims  [[Page H5501]]  than our leadership. It is unparalleled and it is inspired.   Kevin McCarthy helped ensure timely consideration. There are eight  committees of referral. Sometimes that is a death knell for any bill.  It is so hard to secure agreements and vote them out. Well, each of  those chairmen and their staffs worked diligently and in good faith. At  the end of the day, the leadership was there. They had our back on the  legislation.   I want to thank Chairman Royce, again, for his extraordinary  leadership as well.   Mr. Speaker, ever since the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of  2000 became law in 2000, combating human trafficking has been a major  priority in the United States and, indeed, globally.   Over the last 17 years, police and civil society organizations--many  of them faith based--have identified and rescued more than 250,000  victims worldwide. Some put that number at close to 300,000.  Prosecution of traffickers in the U.S. has increased by more than 500  percent, but, frankly, our task is far from accomplished.   The International Labor Organization suggests that nearly 21 million  people in the world today are enslaved, most of them women and  children. That is unconscionable. Every human life is of infinite  value. We have a duty to protect the weakest and most vulnerable from  harm.   The Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection  Reauthorization Act of 2017 is comprehensive. It is bipartisan, and it  is designed to strengthen, expand, and create new initiatives to  protect victims, prosecute traffickers, and prevent this cruelty and  exploitation from happening in the first place.   Title I of the bill focuses on combating trafficking in the United  States. Title II focuses on the world. Title III authorizes  appropriations of more than half a billion dollars over 4 years,  including reauthorization of the TVPA of 2000.   The legislation, Mr. Speaker, is named in honor of the incomparable  Frederick Douglass on the eve of his 200th birthday. Born a slave in  1818, he escaped when he was 20 and heroically dedicated his entire  life to abolishing slavery and, after emancipation, to ending the Jim  Crow laws in order to achieve full equality for African-American  citizens. A gifted orator, author, editor, statesman, and Republican,  he died in 1895.   Human trafficking, Mr. Speaker, is modern-day slavery that needs a  Herculean effort to eradicate.   Among its numerous provisions and one that is of special interest to  the Frederick Douglass Family Initiative--and we worked very closely  with them on this--it authorizes HHS grant money to ``establish,  expand, and support programs'' to provide age appropriate information  to students all across America to avoid becoming victims of sex and  labor trafficking as well as to educate school staff to recognize and  respond to signs of trafficking.   It adopts a number of best practices, like for example making sure  that when government employees book rooms, that we utilize hotels where  they have initiated efforts and sponsored training to eradicate child  sex trafficking. We do the same thing with airlines. The flight  attendants--Delta is a classic example--once trained, can spot  trafficking in progress, inform the pilot, and when that plane lands or  jet lands, ensure that if there is a situation, there is an arrest of  the traffickers and a rescue of the woman or children who are being  trafficked.   We will now try, to the best of our ability, to hold the airlines to  account. There needs to be reporting. It is already the law that they  should provide this training. Now we want to ensure that training  actually happens.   Chairman Royce talked about the TIP Report. Just a couple weeks ago,  Secretary Tillerson announced the 2017 TIP Report. It is a voluminous  and very accurate report about what is happening in 190 countries  around the world, including the United States. Those countries that are  designated Tier 3, egregious violator, are subject to sanctions.    Mr. Speaker, I just want to commend the  Trump administration for finally holding China to account as a Tier 3  violator. A worst offender.   The pending bill makes a number of important reforms to the TIP  Report and how it is prepared. My hope is that we will have an even  better, more accurate, and more effective effort at holding countries  to account.   Again, this legislation applies to the United States for labor and  sex trafficking as well as to the world. Again, I do want to thank all  those who have been involved in it.   Let me just say we worked on this bill for well over a year with  ATEST; Polaris; IJM; World Vision; United; Humanity; ECPAT; United  States Conference of Catholic Bishops; Shared Hope International; CATW;  Ambassador Swanee Hunt; the National Center for Missing & Exploited  Children, which provided valuable insight; and others. They were all  very much a part of our effort.   I also want to thank critical staff, including Luke Murray and Kelly  Dixon, from the Majority Leader's Office, who are outstanding--they get  the job done, and they ask all the right questions about substance and  process and helped us along--Doug Anderson, counsel of the House  Committee on Foreign Affairs; Mary Noonan; my chief of staff, Piero  Tozzi; Allison Hollabaugh; Krystal Williams, Karen Bass' staff member;  and so many others on the committees that also made such a huge  difference in enabling us to get this through all the committees to the  floor today.   I urge my colleagues to pass the bill.   