 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his leadership in this most important area.   Mr. Speaker, the heroin and opioid scourge is running this country  into the ground, and, unfortunately, the problem appears to be getting  worse, not better. That grim reality is particularly true in my  district in Cincinnati, where, during a single week last summer, city  health officials reported 174 overdoses in 1 week.   Deaths caused by opioids have doubled in my district, where, during  the first 4 months in 2017, the Hamilton County Coroner's Office had  already logged in hundreds and hundreds of opioid overdoses-- heartbreaking numbers.   But numbers only tell part of the story. The circumstances  surrounding the spike in overdoses can, at times, be horrifying.   A couple of months ago, in Cincinnati, Ohio, a 9-year-old girl called  911 about both of her parents, who overdosed on heroin in their SUV.  She told the dispatcher she was scared and that her parents wouldn't  wake up. The girl didn't know where she was or what was wrong with her  parents, but she, fortunately, knew how to call 911. That call saved  her parents' lives.   But no little girl--or little boy, for that matter--should ever be  placed in that situation by their parents, or by anyone.   These types of stories are becoming all too common. Opioids don't  discriminate based on age or race or socioeconomic class. Opioids can  kill anyone, in any neighborhood. Every day, there are more headlines  about how heroin and other opioids are basically taking over the  country.   The simple fact is that nearly every Member of Congress could come to  the floor today and share a similar story from their own district. That  is why, Mr. Speaker, it is imperative that we work together to find new  and more successful ways to combat the opioid epidemic. We need to put  politics aside and help people in need.   Last year, we came together in a bipartisan manner to pass the  Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, and I think there is  a good chance that the expanded treatment and recovery options that  legislation created will help some of those suffering from addiction to  turn their lives around.   While CARA will give local law enforcement and healthcare officials  more resources to fight opioid addiction, we need additional  legislation to help combat the importation into the United States of  extremely dangerous synthetic drugs like fentanyl and carfentanil,  which many have blamed for the spike of heroin overdoses. According to  the DEA, much of the supply of these two dangerous drugs on our streets  originates overseas, particularly from China and India.   Bipartisan legislation is being led by Representative Tiberi and  Senator Portman, the Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention, or  STOP, Act. It would update the customs process to require that advanced  electronic notice of all packages, large or small, be provided to  Customs officials. Providing this information to Customs before the  packages arrive will help them, meaning the Customs agency, to  intercept more illegal shipments and prevent these dangerous drugs from  reaching drug traffickers within our borders.   I am hopeful that this legislation will be embraced with the same  bipartisan enthusiasm that we saw with CARA because the heroin and  opioid problem in this country is too serious, too significant, and too  widespread for us not to work together at every level of government to  find a solution to this epidemic. It is way overdue. We need to work  together in a bipartisan manner about this.   I again want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his  leadership in this area.   