 Mr. Speaker, on December 20, 2016, the stream rule was  finalized in the last days of the Obama administration by the Office of  Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, OSM. Ostensibly, the rule  is about keeping American waterways clean. In reality, it is a power  grab aimed at giving Federal regulators more authority to make coal too  expensive for anyone to mine or use.   But no one should be surprised. In 2008, then candidate Barack Obama  told the San Francisco Chronicle that while people would still be free  to build a coal-powered electricity plant under his energy policies, it  would bankrupt them because of the high costs his regulations would  impose. And that is exactly what President Obama has tried to do.   Under the stream protection rule, Federal regulators will have  expanded power to draw up new standards that make it harder to get a  coal mining permit. OSM's Federal water standards would suddenly take  precedence over the State standards that have long governed the  industry under the Clean Water Act. The Fish and Wildlife Service would  also gain the power to veto coal permits.   The aim is to take permitting power from States and impose a one- size-fits-all standard. When this process started, 10 States signed on  to Interior's rulemaking process as State cooperating agencies. But 8  of the 10 later withdrew because Interior wasn't interested in what  they had to say.   The subcommittee I chaired held 13 hearings to expose the flaws  behind this rule. The rule provides no discernable environmental  benefits, while duplicating extensive existing environmental  protections at both the Federal and State levels.   In fact, the rule's only purpose appears to be to support the  environmental lobby's ``keep it in the ground'' platform, locking away  up to 64 percent of our domestic coal reserves, putting tens of  thousands of Americans out of work, and raising energy costs for  millions of Americans.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the joint resolution of  disapproval under the Congressional Review Act.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Representative  Himes be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 611.   