 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am proud to stand today and support Scott  Pruitt, President Trump's nominee to head the Environmental Protection  Agency.   I can think of no one who is better suited or more fully qualified to  lead this Agency and to advance within it the reforms it so desperately  needs. I look forward to voting to confirm Mr. Pruitt as EPA  Administrator, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same.   In many ways, the EPA epitomizes the broken status quo in  Washington--a status quo that is increasingly and rightfully viewed  with suspicion and a certain amount of contempt by the American people.  That broken and discredited status quo has been described in various  ways: out of touch, arbitrary, inflexible, unreasonable, heavyhanded,  unaccountable. These words could apply to any number of institutions or  offices here in Washington, DC, but they are the hallmarks of the rule- writing departments that make up our Federal bureaucracy.   Technically, these bureaucratic agencies are creatures of the  executive branch--creatures that exist to assist the President in  fulfilling his constitutional duty to take care that the laws, written  by the legislative branch, are to be faithfully executed. But over the  past several decades, they have been recast as the Federal Government's  center of gravity, both writing and enforcing and, in many cases, even  interpreting, the vast majority of laws governing America's society and  America's economy.   Elevating the unelected, unaccountable bureaucracy to the driver's  seat of the Federal Government--to the driver's seat, specifically, of  Federal policymaking--is mostly the work of Members of Congress, of  both Chambers and of both political parties, who understand that the  best way to avoid being blamed by voters for unpopular laws is not to  make them--at least not to make them completely--but rather to empower  unelected bureaucrats to make the laws for them. But the regulatory  agencies themselves sometimes deserve some of the blame as well.   Congress is guilty of writing laws that are couched in vague terms,  centered around gauzy goals, instead of strictly defined as  understandable rules. But Federal regulators are guilty of  interpreting--and repeatedly reinterpreting--those laws in order to  accommodate their ever-expanding conception of their own power, of  their own authority to work their own will on the American people.   For instance, in the years since Congress passed the Clean Air Act  amendments in 1977, Federal bureaucrats have used the law to enact more  than 13,500 pages of regulations, which works out to roughly 30 pages  of regulations for every 1 page of underlying legislative text.   The fundamental problem with this expansion and centralization of  regulatory authority is the tendency of  [[Page S1262]]  Washington, DC, bureaucrats to be ignorant of--and often very  indifferent to--the interests of the people who live in the various  communities who are affected by the rules they make and the rules they  also enforce.   This isn't a knock on the individual men and women who work within  the Federal bureaucracy, most of whom are well-educated, well- intentioned, and highly specialized. But there is no doubt that a  regulator in Washington, DC, knows a whole lot less about a melon farm  in Emery County, UT, and cares a lot less about the fate of the people  who work at that melon farm in Emery County, UT, than what the  regulators say in Salt Lake City.   The Environmental Protection Agency, in particular, is notorious for  its top-down, Washington-knows-best approach to regulation, which often  runs roughshod over the immense diversity of local circumstances in our  large country.   Too often, the EPA treats States and State regulators not as partners  but as adversaries. It treats the States themselves not as laboratories  of republican democracy but, rather, as lab rats to be tested upon for  their own amusement and for the exertion of their own political power.   Scott Pruitt understands this well because he has seen it firsthand  as attorney general of Oklahoma. Mr. Pruitt has spent many years being  ignored and pushed around by Washington, an experience that has taught  him the need for the EPA to work with and not condescend to the States.   In his Senate confirmation hearing, Mr. Pruitt explained why  improving the relationship between the EPA and State-level regulators  is the best way to protect our environment and uphold the separation of  powers that is the cornerstone of our constitutional system. He said:  ``Cooperative Federalism is at the heart of many of the environmental  statutes that involve the Environmental Protection Agency.''   The reason for that is that it is the States that many times have the  resources, the expertise, and an understanding of the unique challenges  of protecting our environment and improving our water and our air. We  need a true partnership between the EPA in performing its roll, along  with the States in performing theirs. If we have that partnership, as  opposed to punishment, as opposed to the uncertainty and duress that we  currently see in the marketplace, I think we will have better air and  better water quality as a result.   For many Americans--and certainly for many of my fellow Utahns--the  EPA is pejorative. It is synonymous with an out-of-touch and out-of- control government.   This is a shame. Americans want--and Americans certainly deserve-- clean air and clean water. The EPA has the potential to help them  achieve these goals, but only if the EPA itself returns to its core  mission and works well, works wisely to accomplish that mission, and  works within our constitutional system.   That is why I am so pleased that Scott Pruitt is on his way to lead  the EPA. The Agency exists to protect the American people, not advance  the narrow agenda of some special interests while punishing others.   I am confident that Mr. Pruitt is the right man for the job and that  he will remain independent while correcting the troubling course that  the EPA has taken in recent decades.   I thank the Chair.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   