 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Gallagher for his  leadership on this issue, and the leadership across the board here as a  Member of what we--I think most of us smile when we say the freshman  class, because when I look across the experience level of all of the  freshman Congressmen, no matter Democrat or Republican, what this  country is blessed to have today, as Members of this 115th Congress,  are people who come here with the sense of mission, a sense of purpose,  a sense that we know what we have here in this country.   We may have disagreements as to how we are going to get to where we  need to go, but we all agree that we need to go there. The question is:  How do we do it?   One of the ways you create an environment where you have fresh ideas  and fresh ways of looking at it is to change the people who are  presenting and acting those ideas.   I find myself asking many times as we stand on the floor here: What  would the Founders say if they were here today with us? How would they  look at how we are enacting their vision of what it means to be a  constitutionally-based Republic that is ``We the People''? How would  they react?   I think there are probably a few things that they could not have  imagined. Twitter or Snapchat might be one of them--pick your way of  communicating across the spectrum that we now have today as our  reality. I am not saying those things are bad. They are just the new  reality that we have.   So how do we take what was given to us as a framework and move it  forward?   Well, again, my colleagues have all eloquently very well stated that  they believe that we need to have a higher turnover in Congress. Term  limits is going to be a very good first step in ensuring that we  maintain the freshness of ideas.   When you look at the challenges that face our country, we know that  there are people out there who have chosen not to run, for whatever  reason, because of the fact that they view they  [[Page H2343]]  can make more of a difference outside of Congress. That is too bad,  because we need good people. We need them. We need them to be here, to  be part of us.   One of the brutal realities as--author Jim Collins of ``Good to  Great,'' you know, he talks about facing the brutal realities. One of  the brutal realities that I believe we have to face is the professional  politician. That wasn't written about anywhere 240 years ago. It just  occurred over time.   It is our responsibility--especially as a freshman class, you can  feel the passion that we believe is the right passion to be put behind  term limits to begin to make the change necessary. So we are all in  this together. In fact, I am proud to be a member of the freshman  class, and I am proud of the fact that we signed a commitment to  civility a couple of months ago that put us in a position where we are  finding our voice. And what you are hearing today from our colleagues  is part of that voice says: We need to do some things a little  differently.    So let's move forward; let's expand the debate; and let's make sure  that we are inclusive in everyone who wants to get their opinion heard  on this issue; and make sure that those who have questions about what  we mean, we articulate it because in so many areas we have got big  decisions to make. This is going to be a big one.   In the Marines, we accept the mission that is assigned; we plan and  train for it, and then we execute it, and we get it right. And that  doesn't mean we don't make a few tweaks in the process, but the bottom  line is that we accomplish the mission.   Mr. Speaker, I would ask all of my colleagues to seriously consider  getting behind support for term limits in the United States Congress.   