 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act, sponsored by my good  friend and true American hero, Sam Johnson. I encourage all of my  colleagues to do the same. This bill is an important tool to help  empower small businesses to offer more affordable healthcare options to  their employees.   Mr. Speaker, as a former small-business owner myself, I know that  most small-business owners want to do the right thing and offer health  insurance to their employees. We did so in my practice.   But many of these businesses are struggling with the cost and  complexities of offering health insurance to their employees. ObamaCare  has exacerbated this problem for small businesses. Thousands of jobs  and thousands of small businesses have closed.   We have a better way. We are going to start by passing the American  Health Care Act, which will repeal many of ObamaCare's taxes and  mandates and replace it with free market reforms.   But there is much more that can be done. Perhaps the only thing that  has prevented ObamaCare from causing even more widespread damage was  the success of ERISA, employer-sponsored health insurance.   We believe small businesses deserve the same protections that large  businesses do, and that is why we are passing this legislation today.  The Small Business Health Fairness Act takes positive steps toward  creating a more competitive healthcare marketplace, lowering insurance  costs for many small employers.   Mr. Speaker, why would anybody care if association health plans got  together and allowed me to purchase insurance across a State line?   I have a community in my district where the State line on one side of  the street is Bristol, Virginia, on the other side is Bristol,  Tennessee. Why would it matter? Why couldn't I purchase that insurance  across the State line if it helped my employees and lowered costs?   And, by the way, Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act is working so  well for consumers that 18 out of 23 of the co-ops went broke, leaving  hundreds of thousands of people to search for insurance coverage.   For the past 8 years, House Republicans have engaged the  administration and encouraged them to work with us to implement a more  patient-centered healthcare system; but, instead of working with us on  a common goal, they have layered on additional costs for small  businesses.   I again want to encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 1101.   