 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, tomorrow the House will announce its plan  for tax reform as a starting point. I doubt everybody here will agree  with everything that is in it, but I imagine we will find a lot of good  in it, and it will be a good starting point for this debate. But it  actually is about a broader  [[Page S6911]]  topic that I hope will be a part of our conversation about tax reform  because it hasn't been enough of a part of our national discourse over  the last 20 years.   When we think about the history of this country, one of the things  that truly distinguishes us is not that we have rich people. Every  country in the world has rich people. We have an extraordinary amount  of success. We have earned success in this country, and we celebrate  it; we don't criticize it. But every society in the world has rich  people.   Sadly, we are also not the only country that has people who are poor,  who are struggling. That is something that challenges our principles,  as a nation founded on the idea of equal opportunity to life, liberty,  and the pursuit of happiness. But the one thing that really  distinguishes America is that, by and large, the overwhelming number of  Americans do not consider themselves to be either rich or poor; they  consider themselves to be hard-working people. We can come up with any  term we want, whether it is middle class or working class, but these  are basically people who work hard every single day to provide not just  a better life for themselves--to be able to retire with dignity and  leave their children better off than themselves. They take pride in  that. What they value is not how much money they make or how many  things they own; it isn't even the title of the job. They value the  dignity that comes from the work they do, and, more importantly, they  value what it allows them to do, and it is not complicated things. It  allows them to own a home in a neighborhood that is safe--not a  mansion, but a home. We see that every weekend. People spend countless  hours to constantly keep up the home that they take great pride in, and  they take great pride in their children and their churches and their  synagogues and their religious organizations and the voluntary groups  that they belong to. This has been the fundamental core of our country.   That does not mean that others who do not fit that profile are not  important to the country, as well, but it is what distinguishes us  because most countries in the world don't really have that. In most  societies in human history, you are either rich or poor. There are a  lot of poor people and a handful of people in whom all of the wealth is  concentrated. That sort of dynamic is what has separated us from the  rest of the nations on Earth and, to this day, in many ways still does.   This is something I talk about not because I read about it or because  I saw a documentary about it last weekend, but because, in many ways, I  lived it. My parents were that. Neither one had much of an advanced  education. I don't know how far my dad went in school--probably not  beyond third or fourth grade; my mom, perhaps not much more than that.  They actually came to this country and barely spoke any English when  they arrived. They had to struggle to learn it, but they did. They  ended up being a bartender and a maid. People who know me or who have  heard me speak before know that story. It is one I tell not because I  want you to know more about me but because I want you to understand  what motivates me in public policy.   Even though my dad worked in the service sector his entire life and  my mother did as well, they owned a home and they retired with dignity.  All four of their kids went to college. That was possible through  a combination of things: jobs that paid enough and the ability to have  programs like Social Security and Medicare that allowed them to retire  with dignity--programs they paid into all of the years they were  working.    The reason I raise this is that people who fit that profile have been  hurt more than anyone else over the last 15 to 20 years. It is not  necessarily anyone's fault. The economy has changed. For example, the  jobs my parents once did don't pay nearly enough to afford today what  they could afford back then. As a bartender and a maid today--if my  parents were doing that now, I am not sure what house they would buy in  Miami-Dade County, where I live. I am not sure they would be able to  buy one anywhere near where we live now, not because our neighborhood  is some fancy place but because everything costs so much compared to  how much those jobs paid then.   So everything costs more, the jobs aren't paying enough, and then  they were hit with the recession. That is just the nature of changes in  our economy. Many people lost their jobs altogether. The industry they  were once in vanished. It went to another country or machines took  their place or they just don't need as many people as they used to  because they are able to do more with fewer employees.   Then they were hit with this recession, and it really hit them badly.  Maybe it wiped out their retirement savings; it cut in half the value  of their home, the most important investment they have, and to this day  they haven't fully recovered.   Then you add to all of that the idea that in American politics today,  we spend an extraordinary amount of time debating how we can help  everyone else except for them. I don't think we do that on purpose or  that people around here don't care about people like that. I don't know  why it happens; I am just telling you that it has.   The result is somewhat of a little bit of resentment, but certainly  there is a sense of isolation and the notion and the belief that they  have been left behind. They are upset about it, and they have a right  to be. It is not just about money, and it is not just about economics;  it is about the values of hard work and dignity and responsibility and  doing what you need to do to be a good citizen of this country and  contribute to its future but also doing what you need to do to raise  your family and instill in them the values you think are important.   I think it would be a terrible mistake to enter into tax reform-- perhaps one of the most meaningful public policy debates we will have  had in this city, certainly in the time I have been here and perhaps  for the better part of two to three decades in terms of our economy-- without in any way talking about what tax reform means for the millions  of Americans I just described. The one thing it should mean is that for  those jobs that have left, some of them should be able to come back  because, frankly, our own policies have forced some of those jobs to go  somewhere else. When other countries are making it easier to open up  factories and create jobs over there instead of over here, we are going  to lose some of those jobs. I am not saying all of them were a result  of that, but a lot of them were. If we have tax policies, as we do,  that do not allow us to compete and create those jobs here, we have to  reverse that.   Tax reform should be about that, but it also has to be about working  Americans--not Americans who are rich and can hire fancy accountants  and lawyers and even lobbyists to help them create special tax  statuses. I am not talking about Americans who are depending on  government programs. I am not talking about disability or Medicare or  Social Security--programs they have paid into; I am not talking about  programs that assist anti-poverty programs--a whole other topic that we  should talk about one day because some of them aren't working the way  we hoped they would in terms of helping people escape poverty. I am  talking about people who work and they make just enough to not qualify  for any of that stuff but not nearly enough to afford the cost of  living. That is just them. You add to that the cost of raising those  children. It is more expensive to raise kids today than ever before,  and the costs keep going up, and the paychecks are not keeping pace.   There is nothing we can do in tax reform by itself that solves all of  those problems, but there is no way we can do tax reform without  addressing the millions of Americans who feel as though every time  there is a debate in Washington, it is about helping everyone else  except for them.   Take, for example, the issue of the child tax credit, which is called  the child tax credit, but it really is about helping families--parents  and children. Take, for example, a married couple with two children.  Let's say one of them works in a warehouse and the other one is a home  health aide. These are not unusual jobs to find in the economy.   Let's say, based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics, their annual  income combined is going to be around $55,000 a year. Depending on  where you live--that is not a lot of money probably  [[Page S6912]]  anywhere in the country, and it certainly isn't a lot of money where I  am standing now or where I am living now in Miami. If we do the whole  framework on tax reform but do nothing on the child tax credit and  leave it as it is, that couple making $55,000 with two children--if we  do nothing--they are going to have a tax increase of $738. I cannot  imagine a single person here voting for a tax reform package that does  nothing on the child tax credit and thereby raises taxes on a couple  making $55,000 a year with two children by a penny, not to mention $700  a year.   What if we do a little less, as some people are suggesting? Let's  just raise the tax credit to $500, but let's not make it refundable  against payroll tax. They will get a tax cut of about $263. When you  compare that to some of the tax cuts we are going to see in other parts  of this tax reform, I would say that is not nearly enough, certainly  not enough to make a difference.   But what if you do this: What if we double the value of the tax  credit from $1,000 to $2,000 and make it refundable toward payroll tax?  That couple with those two children will have a tax cut of $1,263. That  doesn't solve all of their problems, but it makes a difference.   I can give other examples. Others we will get to in the weeks to come  and the days to come, but let's just take a family like the one I grew  up in--a bartender and a maid. The median income of the bartender and  the maid is about $42,000, $43,000 a year. They have three children.  Without anything in the child tax credit--we just leave it the way it  is and do the framework--they are going to pay $1,276 more in taxes.  Can you imagine a tax reform plan that raises taxes on a bartender and  a maid with three children, making $43,000 a year, and it raises their  taxes by almost $1,300 a year? Who here is going to vote for that? I  dare you. You won't. Actually, I don't dare you. I don't want you to  vote for that. That is not what we are going to do.   So let's just do this symbolic thing: Raise it by $500 and make it  nonrefundable. They will get a tax cut of about the same--$233. You  might as well keep it because it won't make any difference. But what if  we doubled the value of the child tax credit and made it refundable  toward payroll tax. Then, their tax cut is $1,733. That is a tax cut.  That is the direction we have to go.    I have heard some people say we shouldn't make it refundable to  payroll tax because that is just more people who aren't paying anything  in taxes. They are talking about the income tax. That is the way people  here talk and think. That is the way economists think and the way  accountants might think. But for the people who work and get a paycheck  every week or every two weeks, when they get that paycheck, it shows  that money came out of their paycheck. It doesn't matter if that money  went into income tax or payroll tax; that is money they earned that you  took away, using the power of government. They are paying taxes.  Whether they are paying income tax or payroll tax, they are paying  taxes. If you want to help people who are working but who don't make  enough, then the only way--and they are trying to raise a family--the  child tax credit is the best way to do it.   So as we move forward, I truly hope that some of these voices I hear,  treating the child tax credit as some sort of welfare program or  giveaway or gimmick, well, reconsider that attitude. Reconsider that  attitude because the child tax credit applies only to families who are  working, who make less than a certain amount of money, and who are  raising children, our future taxpayers.   I am going to ask this: If our Tax Code does not help working  families, given all the other challenges they face, how--that is  inexcusable. How can we pass tax reform that is loaded up on how we are  going to help the business sector--and it should, because it creates  jobs and it will have higher pay down the road and billions upon  billions of dollars to help the poor--but do nothing for the backbone  of our economy, the one thing we all say that we take extraordinary  pride in, the working class, the working people of this country? There  is no way we can have a tax plan that doesn't do those things--no way.  If we do head in that direction, that will convince millions of  Americans that they were right all along, that the people in charge of  this country, in both parties, and the people who advise them don't  care about, look down on, and have no idea about what life is like for  people like them, who work hard every day, who seek nothing from the  government other than a fair chance. That is all they want.   All I am advocating for is that we allow them to keep more of their  own money so that they can provide for their families and a better  future and rebuild those working-class values and that working-class  backbone that I believe are what has made America so great.   I look forward to continuing to work in this direction. We better do  something real, and we better do it right; otherwise, I don't know how  we pass tax reform. I am hopeful that is where we are headed. I know we  still have some work to do, and I know tomorrow is only a starting  point. But I will repeat, once again, any tax plan that doesn't cut  taxes for working families with children is not one worth supporting. I  hope that is the direction in which we will move.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.   