 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the Federal  Communication Commission's welcome proposal to end utility-style  regulation of the internet by reversing the 2015 open internet order.   Anyone who has followed the hyperbolic debate about net neutrality  has likely heard that the FCC is moving to squelch competition, limit  consumer choice, raise prices, and perhaps even destroy the internet.  That is my favorite one. At least that is what some activists and  crusading late-night comedians claim. But none of this is true--none of  it.   Rather, the FCC is reviewing the light-touch regulatory environment  that, from the outset, facilitated the kind of innovation that produced  the internet and expanded internet access to millions of Americans over  the course of many years.   In order to understand this complicated issue, we need to be honest  about what led us to where we are today; that is, the FCC's 2015 open  internet order. The Obama-era FCC claimed that its order implemented  net neutrality, or the equal treatment of all data over the internet,  but that isn't quite right. The actual change was far broader than  that.   The FCC reclassified broadband internet access service as a title II  telecommunication service, instead of a title I information service.  That might sound like a small change, but this soundingly small--some  might even say soundingly innocuous--change applied a whole host of New  Deal era regulations that were meant to apply to monopolistic telephone  companies, monopolistic utility companies, and they applied those to  the internet.   It subjected 21st century technology to the same rules that governed  rotary telephones in the 1930s. Why, then, did the FCC do this? It  wasn't because a free and open internet was harming Americans. The  activists and entertainers clamoring for more government control of the  internet claimed that it was under attack by predatory internet service  providers but, strangely enough, none of them actually provided  evidence for that very serious assertion.   If you are going to make that claim, back it up, point to evidence.  Instead, they speak about imaginary or hypothetical harms. The 400-page  order uses words like ``may,'' ``could,'' ``might,'' or ``potentially''  not just here and there, not just a few times but several hundred  times. Nor did the FCC issue the open internet order because Congress  told it to.   On the contrary, nearly 20 years ago, our colleague Senator Wyden,  along with then-Senator John Kerry and others, expressly argued against  the drastic action that would later be taken by the FCC in 2015. After  passing the bipartisan Telecommunications Act in 1996, this group of  Senators affirmed  [[Page S3081]]  the internet's status as a free and open information service, stating  that ``nothing in the 1996 Act or its legislative history suggests that  Congress intended to alter the current classification of Internet and  other information services or to expand traditional telephone  regulation to new and advanced services.''   Finally, the FCC did not intervene because it had evidence of market  failure. When the FCC issued its order, the internet was still an  explosive source of growth and innovation throughout America and  throughout the world--as it had been for decades--when greater and  greater numbers of Americans gained access to the internet for the  first time. Perhaps, because of this inconvenient fact, the FCC hardly  considered the possible economic effects of its regulations. The FCC's  chief economist at the time went so far as to say the rules were an  ``economics-free zone.''   What the internet does need is regulatory certainty, which is why I  recently introduced the Restoring Internet Freedom Act, along with  several of my colleagues. This bill would fully repeal the FCC's 2015  internet takeover. More importantly, it would prevent the FCC from  interfering with the internet in the future unless such actions were  specifically authorized by Congress.   We shouldn't stop there. Instead of waiting for regulators and  activists to find new excuses to restrict the internet, we should open  it further to extend more choices to American consumers. In other  words, we should ensure that Federal policy promotes competition.   As we know from experience, heavy-handed regulations like the FCC's  order tend to favor large, deep-pocketed companies over startups that  can't afford an army of lobbyists in Washington. Removing these  regulatory barriers will allow upstart entrepreneurs to compete with  incumbents for consumers' loyalty. Those consumers--ordinary Americans  and their families--will benefit from the improved service and lower  prices that this kind of competition inevitably creates.   Most American households currently have access to at least one  internet service provider. Many have access to two or more, which might  look like a competitive market exists for those households, but  regulations can keep these different options from being adequate  substitutes for one another.   The government restricts access to valuable resources that could be  used for high-quality internet services. According to a 2012 report by  the Obama administration, the Federal Government is sitting on upwards  of 60 percent of the best radio spectrum, so-called ``beachfront''  spectrum, which could be put to use for commercial internet services  like 5G wireless broadband.   Meanwhile, excessive permitting, licensing, and environmental impact  regulations delayed broadband deployment over Federal and public lands,  especially in the West.   Finally, the Office of Management and Budget found that private  parties spend nearly $800 million each year to comply with FCC  paperwork requirements. The bill for this ends up being paid entirely  by ordinary American families.   Thankfully, my colleagues in the Senate have already identified many  of these problems and have done work to address them. Senators  Klobuchar and Daines have spent considerable time on policies to  streamline broadband internet deployment through their ``dig-once''  proposals. Senator Heller is a champion for reducing barriers for  deploying broadband throughout the West. Senators Thune and Nelson, the  chairman and the ranking member of the Senate Committee on Commerce,  have introduced measures in the past to free up radio spectrum held by  Federal agencies and organizations.   These are just a few of the many thoughtful ideas to reduce barriers  to entry and increase competition, which has the potential to improve  quality and bring down prices. The bipartisan nature of these policies  demonstrates a clear understanding that improvements can be made, and  everyone should be able to agree that more competition is better for  American consumers, especially those in rural or low-income housing.   Everyone should also be able to agree that consumers should be  protected from unfair and deceptive business practices. Thankfully, the  Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission already enforce  fair rules that protect Americans' enjoyment of a free and open  internet.   The combination of competition and strong enforcement of antitrust  and consumer protections provides the benefits of an innovative  marketplace while avoiding problems that come from tired, anti- consumer, outdated regulations like title II and like the 2015 open  internet order.   For the sake of American consumers and innovators--not for entrenched  business interests--I hope to work with partners in the House, Senate,  and the FCC to promote competition in the technology sector, including  among internet service providers. If that means underperforming  companies have to work a little harder for their customers, that is all  the better, because the end result of lively competition is more  investment and innovation by businesses, which translates into more  choices and better service for consumers.   I encourage my colleagues, regardless of party or ideology, to work  with me on this project. If they are truly interested in a better  internet--not just government intrusion and control for its own sake--I  am sure they can help me identify other barriers to entry to the  information superhighway.   For now, a good start to ensure that American consumers and small  businesses benefit from the internet is to repeal the FCC's 2015  internet takeover, enforce antitrust, unfair, and deceptive practice  standards, and encourage competition among internet firms. Only then  can we guarantee an internet that is free and open for everyone.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   