 Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support  Mr. Barr's legislation, the Otto Warmbier North Korea Nuclear Sanctions  Act.   North Korea has continued to prove a dangerous and destabilizing  force to the northeast Asian region, as well as to the United States  and its allies. Its repeated missile tests, nuclear weapons tests, and  heinous human rights violations demand that the United States continue  its diplomatic and economic isolation campaign.  [[Page H8103]]    Today's bill is named for my constituent, Otto Warmbier, from  Wyoming, Ohio, in the greater Cincinnati area.   Otto passed away on June 19 after spending 18 months in detention by  the North Korean regime, the brutality of which was far beyond human  decency or civility. The pain and heartache endured by Otto, his  family, and his friends can never be undone or erased, but Congress can  continue to take action by passing H.R. 3898 today and imposing the  most far-reaching sanctions yet to be directed at North Korea.   There is no simple solution to countering such complex national  security threats, but it is critical that we utilize both economic and  diplomatic tools to hold hostile regimes like North Korea accountable  when they act repeatedly and aggressively against our interests, our  allies, our citizens, and our security.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly and sincerely urge support of this bill by  every Member of this Chamber.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   To my colleague on the opposite side of the aisle who was responding  to part of my statement, of course there are many in this country who  worry about President Trump's reckless threats, his promise of fire and  fury, his vow to destroy the Kim regime, his name-calling,  warmongering, and rejection of diplomacy.   It directly contradicts his leading Cabinet officials who continue to  stress the importance of imposing pressure on the Kim regime. It also  demonstrates a Commander in Chief who lacks the discipline and the  capacity to convince our allies to join us in dealing with the North  Korean threat.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman is reminded not to engage in  personalities toward the President.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. The gentlewoman will happily not  engage in personalities except to say that the rhetoric to call Kim  Jong-un the little rocket man is not productive and it does not do us  well.   We have a situation in which nearly every high-level official in the  U.S. Government believes the threats posed by the North Korean nuclear  and missile programs must be front and center in U.S. national security  decisionmaking.   This is a time for U.S. diplomatic and foreign policy efforts to be  aggressively focused on intensifying economic and diplomatic  coordination with our allies and China in a strategy that would entail  sophisticated policymaking capacity and coordination across the U.S.  Government. Instead, a week ago, in a move that I believe history will  strongly condemn, President Trump refused to recertify the Iran nuclear  deal, throwing into question continued U.S. support for the landmark  nuclear accord.   Whether you support or hate the Iran nuclear deal, it is widely  viewed, at least so far, as successfully containing Iran's nuclear  ambitions, and will for many years.   There can be no question that President Trump's threat to walk away  from the international nuclear accord will have a direct and profoundly  negative effect on our ability to convince Kim Jong-un or our allies  that America will honor any commitment to integrate North Korea into  the global community if it gives up its nuclear and missile programs.    In short, the President's threat to withdraw from the Iran nuclear  deal undermines our credibility as a negotiating partner and throws  into question the prospect of any effective nuclear diplomacy with  North Korea. At a time when we are facing a nuclear crisis with North  Korea, raising questions about our commitment to the Iran nuclear deal  not only defies strategic logic, but it also undermines our national  security.   On that issue, I would welcome, as I do with the legislation before  us today, a stronger, more unified, bipartisan front.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   