 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, as we head into the month of August, many  Americans are planning to spend time along our beautiful coasts. Our  country is fortunate to have such a wide variety of natural resources  along the Gulf of Mexico, Alaska, Hawaii, and the east and west coasts.  However, I am partial to America's best coast: The 4,500 miles of U.S.  coastline along the Great Lakes.   Our coastal resources make it possible to move cargo and goods around  the world. They provide opportunities for outdoor recreation like  fishing and boating and trips to the beach. Our coasts are not only  beautiful, providing some of the most scenic vistas and picturesque  landscapes our country has to offer; these ecosystems also provide many  tangible benefits. They serve as flooding buffers, critical habitats  for fish and wildlife, and locations for ports and other marine  infrastructure.   In the Great Lakes, our freshwater coastline contains one-fifth of  the entire world's fresh water and provides drinking water for over 40  million people. We must be stewards of these areas  [[Page S4710]]  so that future generations can also benefit from them. In order to do  so, we must properly document and keep track of this precious resource.   That is why I partnered with Senator Young to introduce the  bipartisan Great Lakes Environmental Sensitivity Index Act of 2017 to  require NOAA to update environmental sensitivity index maps and map  products. The bill passed unanimously out of the Commerce Committee  this morning by a voice vote and now heads to the full Senate floor for  consideration.   Environmental sensitive index--or ESI--maps provide an inventory of  our valuable natural and human-use resources along our coasts. These  maps chronicle sensitive ecosystems and the presence of various species  as they migrate through regions and habitats for threatened and  endangered species. They also document where we can access coastal  resources from beaches and parks to docks, ferries, and boat ramps.   We must maintain an up-to-date inventory of these precious coastal  resources so that we know exactly where we need to focus our response  efforts in a worst-case scenario of a harmful oil or chemical spill.  Accurate documentation of these resources and their vulnerabilities is  critical to both deploying the right response effort when a spill or  accident occurs and assessing the damage and restoration efforts needed  after the fact.   In places like the Straits of Mackinac, where a 64-year-old oil  pipeline sits at the bottom of the lake bed, it should be our top  priority to have a current inventory of what shoreline resources could  be impacted by a pipeline leak. Models have shown that a pipeline spill  in the Straits of Mackinac could likely result in oil reaching the  shores of Mackinac Island within hours, which would be an absolute  catastrophe for Michigan's top tourist attraction.   ESI maps don't just help with oilspill response; they can also be  used for coastal development activities, and they even have significant  research applications. They provide a clear reference point prior to  natural disasters or major storms that may damage, destroy, or  significantly alter resources along our coasts. Decision makers at the  local and State level may use them for restoration efforts or to make  informed decisions about how to balance all of the various uses in that  coastal zone.   ESI maps need regular updates in order for them to be truly  effective. These updates are happening now for other areas of the  country. Stretches of the west coast, along the Gulf of Mexico, and  along the east coast have all received updates over the last 5 years.   One region is continually absent from these updates: my home region  of the Great Lakes. In fact, the most recent updates for some of the  Great Lakes were completed over 20 years ago, but Lake Erie and parts  of Lake Michigan haven't been updated for over 30 years. This bill  gives the proper direction and resources to make sure these long  overdue updates move forward.   Supporters of the bill so far include the Great Lakes Charter Boat  Association, the Coastal States Organization, the Great Lakes  Commission, the Alliance for the Great Lakes, the National Wildlife  Federation, the Great Lakes Fishery Commission, and the group For Love  of Water. With nearly 3,300 miles of coastline in Michigan, the second- most coastline of any State in the Nation, we need to update Great  Lakes environmental sensitivity index products as soon as we can.   Modernizing these maps will provide a better picture of what  resources could be at risk in the event of a disaster and will be an  important tool to help us keep our Great Lakes safe and clean for  future generations.   I look forward to working with Senator Young and the rest of my  colleagues in the Senate to move this bill forward and make sure that  we have the tools we need to make the best decisions for the Great  Lakes, no matter the challenges and opportunities facing us.   Thank you.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   