 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for allowing me this  opportunity.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington  (Mrs. McMorris Rodgers).   Mrs. McMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Chairman, America is home to some of the most creative,  innovative, inspirational people imaginable. When empowered, Americans  design and build in ways that change the world, and change it for the  better.   But far too often, our innovators are bogged down by red tape, thanks  to a government that thinks it knows better how to think, how to  believe, how to run their businesses, and how to live their lives. It  is not only making life more difficult. It costs us nearly $2 trillion  a year. That is about $15,000 a family. So we are rolling back these  regulations and offering much-needed relief to families and businesses  across the country.   Thanks to my good friend, Representative Jason Smith's leadership,  the SCRUB Act provides another powerful tool that gives control back to  the American people through their Representatives. This bill creates a  long, overdue process to identify ineffective, outdated, and  duplicative regulations for repeal, with priority being given to the  older, major, more expensive rules.   We made a promise to the American people. Their voice matters in our  government. We are going to do whatever we can to restore that voice  and put it at the center of every decision we make.   I am proud of Representative Smith's work to rein in government. I am  proud to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Smith).    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Farenthold).    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   You know, some time ago, when I first got involved in this political  processing, I made it known that I felt that the silent killer of  American business was the regulatory regime that we have in place,  where over 50 years this Congress has ceded its authority to  unelectable, unaccountable bureaucrats. Today we have 175,000 pages in  the Code of Federal Register that is evidence of that. It is time that  we, as a Congress, on behalf of our constituency, on behalf of the  future well-being of this country, take back that authority with  oversight and accountability through this SCRUB Act.   It has been said that there is approximately, on average, $20,000 a  year per employee of a manufacturer that is attributable just to  compliance with regulation. We need to make sure that we have our  manufacturers, our businesses, doing that which they do best within a  reasonable regulatory scheme, and that is what this act offers: a  reasonable regulatory scheme that allows Congress who has the  authority--actually has the only authority--to hold accountable these  unelectable bureaucrats. The SCRUB Act will allow us to do that.   It will allow due process through a discovery process. More  importantly, the review board, the commission, the five bipartisan  members who are appointed by the President must be confirmed by the  Senate. This, in and of itself, is a sense of due process, a sense of  accountability, and, more importantly, a strong sense of purpose that  the American people would want to see this Congress be able to go in  and take back the authority that they have delegated--at sometimes  recklessly--to these bureaucratic organizations.   We talk about the $30 million. I know the $30 million is always big  in any equation that you have, but when you allow the $30 million to be  spent over 5 years and you allow that to have the removal of certain  regulations, you will pay for this $30 million 10 times over in no time  at all.   So it is with a sense of advocacy on behalf of not only congressional  authority, but also a sense of advocacy on behalf of American business  and the future economic growth of this country, that I ask my  colleagues to wholeheartedly support the SCRUB Act.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Madam Chair, although I am not in opposition to the  amendment, I do wish to speak in support and further explain my  support, because I believe that the gentleman from Virginia offers some  very good merit to his amendment.   The amendment clarifies that the commissioners are covered by the  Ethics in Government Act, which is in line with current law.  Commissioners should be free from financial conflict as much as any  other Federal employee should. The Beyer amendment prohibits the  appointment of a commissioner to the retrospective regulatory review  commission who has been a registered lobbyist in the previous 2 years.   Ensuring commissioners are not lobbyists with financial interests in  the commission's work is in line with the commission's goal of  identifying wasteful or unfair regulations. The 2-year ban allows  genuine experts with some past lobbying experience to contribute their  knowledge to the commission. This provision is very similar to the  President's 2-year ban on former lobbyists working in the  administration.   For those reasons, I do support the amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am  not opposed to the amendment.    Madam Chair, this commission that we have here in the SCRUB  Act is established to clear out old and unnecessary regulations. It  currently requires the commission to consider whether the rule could be  repealed without significant adverse effects, whether the rule is  unnecessary, whether the costs are justified by the benefits, and  certain other criteria.   I think that the consideration of public health certainly fits within  whether the rule would have significant adverse effects, whether it is  necessary, and whether the benefits justify the cost. Health, safety,  and welfare of the American people is foremost to what we do, and I  laud my colleague from California for filing this amendment.   This amendment clarifies that the commission should consider the  impact on public health of repealing any regulation. I think that,  again, my colleague from California gave fine examples of that  particular balance.   We agree that we want regulations that are necessary to protect  public health. I am excited to see one of my Democratic colleagues  working with us to improve regulatory reform legislation. I look  forward to future opportunities to continue this work.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, the commission is permitted, under this bill,  to spend $30 million over 5 years for administrative purposes. By  removing the funding in this amendment, the commission will not be able  to hire staff, rent office space, establish the public website as  required in the bill, or hold the public meetings, which are also  required in the bill. This amendment essentially guts the bill.   The commission established under this bill has a momentous job ahead  of it. The Code of Federal Regulations totals more than 178,000 pages.  This is approximately 36,000 pages of regulations for review every year  of the 5 years the commission has to conduct its work.   But it is not just simply reading the pages. There is work behind  understanding whether the regulations are effective. There is outreach  and public hearings to understand how the regulations are or aren't  effective.   I believe the savings from eliminating unnecessary costs and the  improved efficiency from weeding out unneeded regulations will far  outweigh the resources applied to this effort.   The Competitive Enterprise Institute estimates that regulations  impose a cost on the economy of $1.8 trillion. Who bears that cost but  the consumers? This amendment would gut the bill. $30 million over 5  years is more than reasonable, considering the economic impact that  these regulations have had on the American business and the American  economy. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and support the  bill.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this bill requires the commission to identify  regulations that should be repealed. These are all regulations under  the bill. While I appreciate my colleague from California's efforts in  his amendment, I just cannot support it.   The commission focuses on rules and regulations that are out of date,  no longer useful, and otherwise unnecessary or obsolete. No regulations  should be exempt from this bill.   Ensuring the physical and cybersecurity of the bulk power system is  absolutely important and critical. We should know whether or not the  existing regulations are effective and are useful.   This amendment would prevent the commission from reviewing these  important regulations and ensuring that they are current and effective.   I would urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, as I mentioned earlier, the bill requires the  commission to identify regulations--all regulations--which should be  repealed. The commission focuses on rules and regulations that are out  of date, no longer useful, and otherwise unnecessary or obsolete.  Again, no regulations should be exempt from this bill.   Ensuring the safety of the National Airspace System is critically  important. We should know whether or not the existing regulations are  effective and useful. This amendment would prevent the commission from  reviewing these very important regulations and ensuring that they are  not only current but also effective.   I, therefore, urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, while I appreciate the argument about an  unelected commission, I must say that these regulations are already  being promulgated by unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats.   Again, if we are going to have to have a review--an oversight--of our  regulatory scheme, we should not exempt any regulations. I, therefore,  would submit that this amendment would do just that. It would create a  slippery slope of exceptions. Therefore, I, again, would urge my  colleagues to oppose the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, everyone agrees that airport noise is very  annoying.   Effective regulations that protect our communities from unwarranted  noise are very important. However, regulations that impose excessive  and costly restrictions that are ineffective at achieving their goals  do not help anyone.   Why not take a look at these regulations and just consider whether  they are working?   If they are, then the regulation stays in place and we continue to  protect our communities from unwarranted noise. If those regulations  are not working, then we repeal them and put in regulations that  achieve the goals and reduce costs.   There is no reason why we should create special carve-outs from the  commission's consideration.   For those reasons, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I will tell you that regulations are  regulations. They need to be reviewed at every level. What the SCRUB  Act offers is that opportunity. What this amendment does is limit that  ability.  [[Page H1383]]    For those reasons, I, again, urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   