 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Thornberry for  his leadership on this matter.   The North Atlantic Treaty Organization was formed in the ashes of  World War II, bringing decades of considerable peace and prosperity.  Still, there are powers today that wish to challenge the order from  which millions throughout the world have benefited.   My amendment to the NDAA, amendment No. 98, is a straightforward and  simple amendment. It would call on all NATO allies to fulfill their  mutual defense commitments, secure national and regional security  interests, and recognize our NATO allies who are achieving those  objectives.   The underlying bill takes steps to strengthen our national defense on  many fronts. It improves our overseas contingency operations, provides  significant resources to rebuild our military, and increases funding  for initiatives to deter Russian aggression.   My amendment builds upon those principles. As we begin to rebuild our  military capability, it is time for our allies to do the same,  especially when it pertains to our NATO alliance.   For far too long, the United States has shared an unequal financial  burden in contributing to the global and regional security that NATO  provides. With new challenges from an increasing belligerent Russian  state, instability across the Middle East and North Africa, and  emerging cybersecurity threats, it is time for all allies to honor  their commitment and invest in defense spending.   In order for NATO to be completely effective, all NATO members must  meet their GDP commitment for defense spending and investment. This is  out of fairness--for our effort to evenly share this responsibility and  fairness to American taxpayers.   My amendment calls on the President to demand that our NATO allies  honor their mutual defense commitment they agreed to by committing 2  percent of their gross domestic product to defense spending and  research and to secure their national and regional security interests.  Only 5 of 29 member nations currently honor these commitments. While 24  NATO members fail to meet their NATO commitment, my amendment also  recognizes the few NATO allies who actually achieve those objectives.   Full commitment from our NATO allies will make a notable difference  in our effort to achieve peace around the globe. We must share equally  the necessary burden of peace through strength.   The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.  Scott) will control the time of the gentleman from Washington (Mr.  Smith).   There was no objection.   