 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman very much for yielding.  I thank the chairman also for organizing, once again, an opportunity  for us to speak directly to the American people, and for his tremendous  leadership on the values that we conservatives hold very dear.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to talk about a piece of  legislation tonight that we plan to bring to the floor of the House  this fall. The right to defend yourself doesn't end when you cross  State lines, which is where my Concealed Reciprocity Act of 2017, also  known as H.R. 38, comes into play. We currently have 196 cosponsors  from both sides of the aisle.    My bill simply provides law-abiding citizens the right to carry  concealed and travel freely between States without worrying about  conflicted concealed carry State codes or onerous civil suits.   As it stands, the patchwork of agreements is confusing for even the  most cautious concealed-carry permit holder, and it has caused law- abiding citizens, like Shaneen Allen, a single mother from New Jersey,  to unwittingly break the law and suffer arrest and detention.   Now, the Constitution's very clear. If you look at Article IV,  section 1, it says: ``Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each  State to the public Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of every  other State. . . . ''   That is why a driver's license is recognized in other States. That is  why a marriage license is recognized in other States. That is why  divorce proceedings are recognized in other States; in the same way the  concealed-carry permit or the right to carry concealed should be  recognized.   In the Senate, Senator John Cornyn introduced companion legislation.  Senator Cornyn has long been a champion for our Second Amendment  rights, and I am pleased to work with him as he continues his strong  leadership on national concealed carry reciprocity.   I have already received a tremendous amount of support from my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle who recognize our constitutional  right to keep and bear arms. However, the left continues to spread  misinformation and employ fear tactics about this bill, erroneously  saying it will increase crime and arm criminals.   First of all, under this law, an individual who travels to a  different State has to follow the laws of that State. In the same way  with a driver's license, when you drive into another State, they  recognize that you are a legal driver, but you have got to follow their  laws.   Second, every single person who wants to buy a firearm still has to  go through the Federal background check. My bill does nothing to change  that.   Further, statistics have shown that violent crime has decreased as  gun ownership and concealed-carry permits have increased. Since 1991,  25 States have adopted right-to-carry laws. The number of people with  carry permits has risen to over 12 million people, and the Nation's  violent crime rate has decreased 51 percent.   Also, if a criminal with malice intent wants to get a gun, I can  guarantee you that he or she isn't worried about following the laws  that are on the books. Unfortunately, we can't change that, but we can  ensure that law-abiding citizens can legally carry concealed firearms  to defend themselves.   As a shock to no one, big city liberal Michael Bloomberg has promised  to spend $25 million to stop this legislation. He could spend all the  money he wants, but our gun rights are not for sale.   With a groundswell of support from Americans across the country and a  pro-Second Amendment President, we will make national concealed carry  reciprocity a reality this Congress. More and more States are  recognizing the rights of law-abiding citizens to carry a concealed  handgun without permission from government, including two this year,  bringing that total to 12.   In my home State of North Carolina, lawmakers in the House voted in  favor of House bill 746 to make a concealed-carry permit no longer  necessary in locations where it is currently permissible to openly  carry a handgun. It is a commonsense bill. I am proud of the leadership  of the folks in Raleigh. It just demonstrates that all across this  country, the American people are recognizing that our right to keep and  bear arms shall not be infringed.   So I would just offer this very simple piece of legislation,  following the Constitution that says a law-abiding citizen trying to do  the right thing is not going to be criminalized because they have  crossed an invisible line in the ground.   I am pleased to be here today to talk about it, and I am thankful for  having this opportunity and support.   