 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business.    Mr. President, this is my ``Time to Wake Up'' speech  No. 159. In giving these speeches, I have come to realize that some of  my colleagues seem to have a hard time wrapping their heads around the  basic understanding of climate change. Some of President Trump's  Cabinet nominees seem to have the same problem.   They say the scientific community is split on the issue. It is not.   They say the climate has always been changing. Not like this, it  hasn't.   They say we can't trust projections and complex computer models. But  overall, they have actually been right.   And, of course, they have the notorious ``I'm not a scientist''  dodge. Well, if a colleague doesn't understand this, then perhaps he  ought to trust the scientists at NOAA and at NASA, at our National  Labs, and at universities in Rhode Island and across the country--the  scientists whose job it is to understand this.   I must say, in addition to trusting the scientists, I also trust  Rhode Island fishermen who see the changes in their traps and nets and  our shoreline homeowners watching the sea steadily rising toward their  homes. You don't need fancy computer models to see the ocean changes  already taking place; you just need a thermometer to measure rising  temperatures, basically a yardstick to measure sea level rise or a  simple pH kit to measure the acidification of our oceans.   Let's look at ocean acidification. The oceans have absorbed about  one-third of all the excess carbon dioxide produced by humans since the  industrial revolution, around 600 gigatons' worth. When that carbon  dioxide dissolves into the ocean, chemistry happens, and it makes the  oceans more acidic.   Carbon dioxide reacts with water to form carbonic acid. Carbonic acid  isn't stable in ocean water, so it breaks down into bicarbonate ions, a  base, and hydrogen ions, an acid. The increase in acidic hydrogen ions  is the crux of the chemistry of ocean acidification. More hydrogen ions  lower the water's pH,  [[Page S1630]]  and the lower the pH, the higher the acidity.   Regular viewers of my ``Time to Wake Up'' speeches or people who  spent the night up with us while we objected to Administrator Pruitt's  nomination may remember that I demonstrated this in a simple experiment  on the Senate floor just a few weeks ago. I took the glass of water on  my desk, and I used the carbon dioxide in my own breath. Blowing  through an aquarium stone, I was able to show, with the help of a  little pH dye, how easy it is to actually measure the effect of  CO2 on the acidity of water. With just a few breaths into  the water, I was able to visibly make this glass of drinking water more  acidic.   That little experiment is a microcosm of what is happening in our  oceans right now, except, instead of bubbles blown through a straw, it  is a transfer of excess CO2 from the atmosphere into the  surface waters of the ocean all around the globe.   Scientific observations confirm that what the laws of chemistry tell  us should happen is actually happening. Massive carbon pollution  resulting from burning fossil fuels is changing ocean acidity faster  than ever in the past 50 million years.   Now, you start talking in big numbers, and it all goes into a blur-- 50 million years, compared to how long the human species has been on  the planet, which is about 200,000 years. So 50 million years is, what,  250 times the length of time that our species has inhabited the Earth.   This chart shows measurements of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere  taken at the Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii. That is the redline of  climbing carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. And it shows carbon dioxide  in the ocean, which is the green measure, which is also climbing in  tandem with the rise of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Finally, it  shows the pH of ocean water in the sea. Of course, as the chemistry  would tell us, as the carbon dioxide goes up, the pH comes down, and  the acidity rises; the water becomes more acidic.   We measure that surface seawater on the Earth's oceans has, since the  industrial revolution, become roughly 30 percent more acidic. NOAA  predicts that oceans will be 150 percent more acidic than now by the  end of the century. Coastal States, like Rhode Island and Florida, will  feel the hit.   Ocean acidification disrupts life in the sea when those loose  hydrogen ions we talked about latch onto free carbonate ions. Usually  that carbonate is plentiful in ocean water. Shell-forming marine  creatures, like oysters and clams, use this loose carbonate to help  form their shells. But if the carbonate they need is bound up by  hydrogen ions, they can't get enough carbonate to build their shells.   We have even seen acidification scenarios in which shells start to  dissolve in the water. Shellfish hatcheries on the west coast have  already seen devastating losses of larval oysters due to acidic waters.  When ocean pH fell too low, baby oysters couldn't form their shells,  and they quickly died off. Dr. Julia Ekstrom, the lead researcher for  Nature Climate Change's 2015 study on ocean acidification, told PBS  that it has cost the Pacific Northwest oyster industry more than $100  million and jeopardized thousands of jobs. Her research flagged 15  States where the shellfish industry would be hardest hit, from Alaska  to Florida, to my home State of Rhode Island.   Toward the bottom of the oceanic food web is the humble pteropod.  Pteropods are sometimes called sea butterflies because their tiny snail  foot has evolved into an oceanic wing. In 2014 NOAA found that  more than half of pteropods sampled off the west coast were suffering  from severely dissolved shells due to ocean acidification, and it is  worsening.    This is a pteropod shell degrading over time in acidified water.   Of course, we are here in ``Mammon Hall,'' where it feels laughable  to care about anything that can't be monetized. We talk a good game  here in the Senate about God's Earth and God's creation and God's  creatures, but what we really care about is the money. So let's  monetize this.   Who cares about this humble species? Salmon do. As the west coast  loses its pteropods, that collapse reverberates up the food chain, and  the salmon care because many of them feed on the pteropods. The west  coast salmon fishery is a big deal, so salmon fishermen care about  this.   Another foundational marine species, krill, is also affected by ocean  acidification. In the Southern Ocean, nearly all marine animals can  thank krill for their survival. From penguin diets to whale diets,  krill is king.   A 2013 study in Nature Climate Change found ocean acidification  inhibiting the hatching of krill eggs and the normal development of  larvae. The researchers note that unless we cut emissions, collapse of  the krill population in the Southern Ocean portends ``dire consequences  for the entire ecosystem.''   Closer to home, the University of Alaska's Ocean Acidification  Research Center--yes, ocean acidification is serious enough that the  University of Alaska has an Ocean Acidification Research Center, and it  warns that ocean acidification ``has the potential to disrupt [Alaska's  fishing] industry from top to bottom.''   Turning to warmer waters, coral reefs are also highly susceptible to  ocean acidification. A healthy coral reef is one of the most productive  and diverse ecosystems on Earth, home to 25 percent of the world's fish  biodiversity. Those reef-building corals rely on calcium carbonate to  build their skeletons.   Since the Presiding Officer is from Florida, I know how important  coral reefs are to the tourism industry in his State.   Coral depends on a symbiotic relationship with tiny photosynthetic  algae, called zooxanthellae, that live in the surface tissue of the  coral. There is a range of pH, as well as temperature, salinity, and  water clarity, within which this symbiosis between the coral and the  zooxanthellae thrives. Outside that comfort range, the corals get  stressed, and they begin to evict the algae. This is called coral  bleaching because corals shed their colorful algae. Without these  algae, corals soon die.   The effects of acidification on sea life are far-reaching. Studies  have found ocean acidification disrupts everything from the sensory  systems of clownfish--those are little Nemos, for those who have seen  the movie--to phytoplankton populations, to sea urchin reproduction, to  the Dungeness crab, another valuable west coast specialty.   I asked Scott Pruitt, our ethically challenged Administrator of the  Environmental Protection Agency, about ocean acidification. He gave  these answers: ``The oceans are alkaline and are projected to remain  so,'' and two, ``The degree of alkalinity in the ocean is highly  variable and therefore it is difficult to attribute that variability to  any single cause.''    Let's look at those answers.   The first answer is plain and simple nonsense because the harm to  ocean creatures from acidification comes from the dramatic shift in  ocean acidity, not from where along the acid-based spectrum the shift  takes place. The observation he made is irrelevant to the question.   His second answer is no better. It exhibits purposeful ignorance of  the role humans' carbon pollution plays in damaging the ocean, because  the chemical principles at issue here are indisputable. You can  replicate them in a middle school laboratory in any Florida school. As  I showed in my little demonstration, you can replicate them even here  on the Senate floor. Like its carbon cousin, climate change, ocean  acidification doesn't care whether you believe in chemistry. It doesn't  matter to chemistry if you swallow the propaganda pumped out by the  fossil fuel lobby. The principles of science operate notwithstanding.  The chemical interactions take place by law of nature whether you  believe them or not. If you believe in God, then you have to  acknowledge that these laws of nature are God's laws, the basic  operating principles He established in His creation. But, of course,  here at Mammon Hall, it is always about the money.   Any decent EPA Administrator is obliged to trust in real science and  to take action to protect human health and the environment. I am deeply  unconvinced that Administrator Pruitt will live up in any respect to  those obligations, but I would welcome being proven wrong. Likewise, I  similarly challenge my colleagues here in the Senate.  [[Page S1631]]    This Chamber and our Nation will be judged harshly by our  descendants, both for our pigheaded disregard for the basic truths, the  basic operating systems of the world we live in, and for the shameful  reason why we disregard them. Mammon Hall indeed.   Mr. President, it is time for the Senate to wake up before it is too  late.   I yield the floor.   