 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Wyden for his  leadership on this issue and so many issues, his position as the  ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee. He serves this body  very well, and he has done that today in outlining the flaw of the  healthcare bill that was presented a week ago by the Republican  leadership and what it would do to our healthcare system.   I want to acknowledge that I am very proud that I was in the Congress  when we passed the Affordable Care Act. Today, millions of Americans  have coverage who didn't have coverage prior to the enactment of the  Affordable Care Act. I am also proud about the quality of that  coverage. That coverage has guaranteed benefits so that individuals  know they will be covered for their needs--no preexisting conditions,  no caps. It is affordable, and we made sure it was affordable to the  people of this Nation.   I have listened to the debate from some of my Republican colleagues  about how the Affordable Care Act is collapsing under its own weight.  Nothing could be further from the truth. The problems we are  experiencing with high increases in the individual marketplace are  caused in part by the actions of the Trump administration to try to  undermine the Affordable Care Act.   Let me give an example in my own State of Maryland, where CareFirst-- the largest carrier in the individual marketplace--sought about a 50- percent increase in individual rates, and they were very direct. At  least half of that increase is as a result of the uncertainty of the  Trump administration putting the cost-sharing payments into the budget.  That raises the premiums for all of those individuals in the individual  marketplace. There is also the uncertainty as to whether the Trump  administration is going to enforce the requirement that people buy  insurance, which means only the people who have higher risks are likely  to buy the insurance, raising the price for those who want to buy  insurance.   When we talk about the fact that there are increased costs beyond  what we think are reasonable, recognize that it is the actions of the  Trump administration that are causing a large part of that premium  increase, which brings me to the bill that was unveiled last week by  the Republican leadership. It moves us in the wrong direction in trying  to fix the problems. It does that because it decimates the Medicaid  Program. The largest expansion of coverage has been in the Medicaid  Program.   This bill will significantly cut back--CBO has scored that a total of  22 million individuals who have insurance today will lose their  coverage, but it does more than that. It does that for what reason? Not  to make healthcare more affordable--it does that in order to give tax  cuts to the very wealthy.   I am glad that we now have a little cooling-off period. We are not  going to come back to the bill for about another 10 days, it looks  like.   I want my colleagues to know that as proud as I am of the Affordable  Care Act, I acknowledge that we can make it better. I hope Democrats  and Republicans will work together to move in the right direction on  improving the Affordable Care Act. Let me give some examples.   We know there is a high cost on the premiums, a higher increase than  we would like. Why don't we join together to make sure there is  predictable cost sharing provided to the companies that are in the  individual marketplace? That would remove the uncertainty and reduce  the premiums significantly in the individual marketplace. Why don't we  work together, Democrats and Republicans, to increase the subsidies we  provide to low- and middle-income families so that the premiums will be  more affordable? We intended to do that under the Affordable Care Act,  but after we got the cost scoring, we had to trim that back. Let's work  together, Democrats and Republicans. Those two changes alone would deal  with the concern that in the individual marketplace, we are seeing  large premium increases. Together, we can solve that problem.   Why don't we work for more competition? I have heard my colleagues  talk about the fact that some of the insurance companies are leaving,  and some are mainly because of the uncertainty as to whether they are  going to get their rightful payments for cost sharing. We can do  something about that.   Why don't we, Democrats and Republicans, come together and say that  there should be a public option with no public subsidy, so it is a  level playing field of competition? That way, we are guaranteeing to  every market in the country that there will be coverage for the people  in your community. That encourages more competition. That gives  stability in the marketplace. We could do that together.   Then, Democrats and Republicans, let's work together to bring down  the  [[Page S3786]]  overall cost of healthcare in this country. We made proposals that--why  are we paying more for prescription drugs, twice as much as our  Canadian friends? Because they have an organized market, and they  negotiate as an organized market. Why don't we come together and say:  Let's take the entire market that we have for the government paying  prescription drugs and have one negotiation? That would significantly  bring down the cost of prescription medicine.   Why don't we build on efforts that we have done for collaborative  healthcare, for value-based reimbursement? That would significantly  reduce the cost. We have seen that in mental health and addiction. We  could see the same savings in kidney care and in diabetes and heart  disease.   There are ways we can improve the Affordable Care Act. Democrats are  ready to work with Republicans to get that done. What we will not do is  make this current system worse. We are not going to cut the Medicaid  Program in order to provide tax cuts to the wealthy. Join us in  improving the law to make premiums more affordable in the individual  marketplace, to bring more competition into the program, and to drive  down the overall cost of healthcare in this country. That is what  Democrats stand for, and we are ready to work with Republicans today in  order to get that done. I would encourage our colleagues to work  together, and let's improve the healthcare system.    I yield to my friend from Oregon.    Senator Wyden is exactly right. I have met with the  largest insurer in Maryland. I have gone over their rate requests for  this year. They told me directly that the largest amount of their  premium increase request is based upon the uncertainty.   They don't know whether the cost sharing is going to be put in the  budget, and they have to make their decisions on rates now. Not knowing  that, they have to cover themselves, and they are asking for a rate  increase under the concern that the cost sharing may not be in the  payment.   That was not only envisioned, we thought it was mandated in the  Affordable Care Act. Now the President is talking about: Well, maybe I  am not going to put it in. And we see some of his other activities. So  if you are an insurance company and you are answerable to your board of  directors and you know that this payment is how you are able to get low  deductibles and copays, but you are not sure you are going to get the  Federal payment, and you know that your customers are going to want the  low cost sharing, you have to charge a higher premium just to cover  yourself. That is exactly what was done in Maryland.   If the President of the United States had said that money is going to  go into the program because that is what Congress intended, we would  have had significantly lower rates in Maryland in the individual  marketplace. Predictability is critically important.    I will be glad to yield to my friend from Delaware.   