 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for yielding me  time, and the ranking member, both of the gentlemen, for their  leadership, and also our Senator from Florida, Senator Rubio, for his  leadership on this bill.   This is a great bill, and that is why I couldn't be more happy than  to rise and speak about this bill. For a long time, our veterans have  deserved better, and this bill is exactly that: It is better.    Veterans across the board--Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force, Coast  Guard--they have common experiences and common healthcare challenges as  a result of certainly combat, but also as a result of just simply the  austere life of being in the military. Whether it is a daily life of  jumping out of planes or roping out of helicopters or kicking in doors  or jumping off the back end of trucks, you live an austere life.   Oftentimes, I hear people say a year in the military can be like a  dog-year. It is tough on you, and that is why the VA is so critical. It  is so critical that the VA maintain an expertise in providing for our  unique healthcare needs.   I get my healthcare from the VA. I know many VA employees who are  hardworking and certainly unyielding in their dedication, but I have  also encountered many who are not, plain and simple, many who lack the  hunger or who lack the appropriate mentality or the decorum to care for  our men and women who are willing to give their last breath in defense  of our country. This is the reality.   Every single veteran needs to be treated like the most important  patient ever to be seen every single time they walk into the VA.  Anything less is a failure.   In the past several years, this bureaucracy of rules, it has  obstructed the VA's ability to go out there and fire employees who have  been charged with armed robbery, who have been accused of being drunk  while performing surgeries, and this simply cannot stand.   There should never be somebody allowed to service our veterans who  would receive a dishonorable discharge in the military for what their  actions are. They shouldn't be allowed the honor of serving people who  served this country in World War II or Korea or Vietnam or Panama,  Kosovo, Bosnia, Somalia, the Gulf war, Iraq, Afghanistan. Folks  shouldn't be given that honor lightly.   It is exactly why this bill, the Department of Veterans Affairs  Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is so important. The  bill establishes whistleblower protections so that we can ensure  veterans get the best possible care and make sure that no veteran is  ever dishonored twice by the same person.   I want to thank you again for yielding me time. I want to thank you  on behalf of every single veteran across this country for this great  bill.   