 Mr. Speaker, today I voted against H. Res. 11, the  Object to UN Security Council (UNSC) Resolution 2334 as Obstacle  [[Page H164]]  to Israeli-Palestinian Peace resolution. The resolution expresses the  House's disapproval of UNSC Resolution 2334, which passed 14 to 0 with  the United States abstaining from the vote.   H. Res. 11 mischaracterizes the UN resolution and falsely claims that  the United States has never abstained from votes on similar  resolutions. The UN resolution reaffirms that Israel's settlements in  the West Bank and East Jerusalem are a ``major obstacle'' to peace,  which has been long-standing US policy. H. Res. 11 states that the  Obama Administration took an unprecedented step by abstaining from the  vote when in fact the decision is not unique. The Reagan Administration  took a similar step when it abstained from voting on UNSCR 605 that  identified Jerusalem as part of the Palestinian and Arab Territories  which is now occupied by Israel. Both Republican and Democratic  presidents have continued similar U.S. policies.   Representatives Price, Engel and Connolly offered a more balanced  resolution as an amendment to H. Res. 11, but unfortunately House  leadership refused to allow it a vote. The text of the amendment is now  H. Res. 23, of which I am a cosponsor.   H. Res. 23 supports the longstanding policy that it is in the best  interest of the international community that a two-state solution is  reached only through direct negotiations between Israel and the  Palestinian Authority. It reiterates United States support for Israel  by opposing any outside efforts to impose a solution on the parties but  rather to help facilitate peace negotiations. It includes continued  opposition to the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign  which calls for boycotting certain products and companies, divesting  from various organizations, and encouraging the use of sanctions  against Israel.   I have always supported a two-state solution with Israel and a  Palestinian state through direct negotiations between the two parties.  As an ally of Israel, the United States has an interest to ensure a  lasting peace is reached between Israel and Palestine. Let me be clear,  while I support the United States' strong relationship and alliance  with Israel, Israel's proliferation of settlements around the West Bank  and East Jerusalem is directly at odds with establishing a two-state  solution.   