 Mr. Speaker, this bill is truly about one thing and one  thing only. It is about lavishing tax breaks on Donald Trump  personally, his family, and all of his billionaire buddies. It is about  lavishing tax breaks and incentives on the very same giant  multinational corporations that have shipped away so many American  jobs, that have refused to pay their fair share of our national  security by hiding their profits in offshore island tax havens.   It is about doing all that and hoping that, at this time of the year,  here at Halloween, that they can trick American middle-class families  into believing that a little of those tax benefits will trickle down to  them. Because if they can do that, if they can pass this bill, they  will treat themselves, the billionaires, and the job exporters, to tax  benefits of almost astronomical proportions.   To suggest that there is anything bipartisan about this bill or  anything bipartisan about the tax proposal that Republicans will unveil  next week is truly a farce. There is no bipartisanship here.   They learned nothing from their failed healthcare repeal efforts. No,  they plan to use surprise, jack-in-the-box tactics to pop out a bill at  the last minute, force it through this House, through our Ways and  Means Committee, and foist it off on the American people.   With Halloween coming, there is a simple ``trick or treat'' test that  you, as an American family, can use. If you are in the top 1 percent,  you get 80 percent of the individual benefits out of this bill.   So just look at your income. If you are not up there in the $700,000  or $900,000 range, don't count on getting much benefit out of this  bill. In fact, a number of studies show your taxes may actually go up  while others see a significant decline in the revenue the richest few  are asked to pay to finance our country.   And what about the idea of growing jobs? After all, growing our  economy is what we should all be about and what is claimed for this  bill. Well, I turned to that objective source, Goldman Sachs, the home  of the Treasury Secretary and top economic advisers. Goldman Sachs,  within the last month, has advised its own investors: Don't expect much  out of this tax bill because any momentary growth at the beginning will  be offset by the trillions of dollars of additional debt from the same  people who have been telling us for years we can't afford another  dollar for abused children, and we can't afford dollars for children's  healthcare because we are so very worried about the national debt.   Well, there is reason to be worried about the national debt and not  to explode it by trillions of dollars with this giant unpaid tax bill.    A zombie of supply-side economics is returning from the  dead. We know it didn't work for President Bush. We know it didn't work  in the Reagan era. They are bringing it back again, saying, if you just  give a little more to those who have so much already, it will benefit  everyone else. The data does not show that.   This is a tax bill that needs to be rejected because it is so unfair  and inequitable to the American people. This is much worse than the  healthcare repeal because its ramifications in leading to cutting  Medicare and Social Security will be far-reaching. There will not be a  family in America that goes untouched.   Reject this budget. Reject this awful tax bill.    Mr. Speaker, certainly, my constituents in Texas would  like to see the same spirit of togetherness that we have just heard  about. How has that been handled in our Ways and Means Committee, and  why do I call the claims of bipartisanship here a farce?   Well, people in Texas would like to know: What is the effect of being  taxed on our payment of property taxes? People in Michigan want to  know: What is the effect of putting a cap on how much we can contribute  to our retirement savings? Other people were concerned about adding  $0.20 and a border adjustment tax to every purchase made from Mexico,  or Canada, or elsewhere.   Since May, I have been asking for hearings on these matters. I have  been asking for one single Trump administration official to have the  courage to come in front of our committee and answer questions about  their proposal and the great gap between what President Trump says one  day, and what they do the next.   They have refused every day. We have been here all of September. We  have been here all of October. They have refused to have a single  hearing with a single Trump official because they plan to jam through-- while they yell ``kumbaya,'' they plan to jam through a gift to the  superrich and the multinationals that keep shipping these jobs  offshore. And they don't want any accountability for it.   They don't want any public involvement either. They want the public  to know as little about the details of their sham as possible. That is  why they will have it introduced next week, passed in committee the  following week, forced onto this floor and into the Senate, and the  American people have to understand and speak up and say ``no.''   