 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 1873,  legislation sponsored by my colleagues from the Western Caucus, which  improves the reliability of our electrical grid while, at the same  time, protecting our Federal lands and forests from the ravages of  wildfires.   This bipartisan legislation is common sense, plain and simple. This  bill allows electric co-ops to prune or remove a tree that would fall  on a power line in an electricity corridor if left unmanaged.   Maintaining healthy and well-managed rights-of-way is important for  many reasons, not the least of which are the safety of our communities  and reliable electricity delivery.   Now, if you knew that a tree was going to fall on a power line and  potentially cause a massive blackout or spark a fire, you would  probably want to cut it back or get rid of it, right? Of course you  would. It is common sense.   Unfortunately, inconsistent and unpredictable viewpoints between  Federal land managers at the Departments of Interior and Agriculture  have prevented co-ops from ensuring safety along the corridors, putting  many at risk.   Timely decisionmaking is crucial for these co-ops to protect the  land, but for far too long, bureaucratic red tape has delayed the  removal of hazardous trees for weeks and, in some cases, months. Too  many times, co-ops have notified the proper Department of a dangerous  situation only to have the request to remove a hazardous tree either  denied or bogged down by unnecessary and duplicative reviews. Not only  that, but when the very tree they reported inevitably falls on a power  line and sparks a fire, the co-op is left holding the bill for the  damages.   Mr. Chairman, this is absurd, and I am pleased that this legislation  shifts liability for a fire started under those circumstances back to  the party responsible for inaction.   Rolling the dice on forest health is not just unwise, it is flat out  irresponsible. I thank the gentlemen from California and Oregon for  sponsoring this much-needed legislation, and I urge my colleagues to  vote in support of this bill.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in  opposition, although I am not opposed.   The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman?   There was no objection.   The CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this amendment to  H.R. 1873. This bipartisan amendment would ensure that personnel  involved in vegetation management decisions understand the benefit that  unmanned aerial vehicles, or UAVs, or drones, can add to the  maintenance and management of transmission lines.   In 2017, not only does this policy make sense, it is essential. Our  electric grid and forests should be protected with this effective and  cost-efficient technology, which has proven its worth in so many other  areas, including national defense and private industry.   In my home State of Arizona, UAVs have proven to be highly valuable  tools in forest management. Utilizing UAV expertise from Embry-Riddle  Aeronautical University in Prescott, Arizona, as well as Northern  Arizona University in Flagstaff, land managers have greatly improved  their ability to monitor forest conditions both at scale and down to  the detail of individual trees and branches.   Proper vegetation management around transmission lines is essential  to preventing power outages and dangerous forest fires. UAV technology  makes transmission line monitoring safer, cheaper, and more effective.   As Members of Congress, we have a responsibility to our constituents  to pursue smarter, safer, and cheaper approaches to public policy and  resource management. This amendment and this bill allow us to do so in  a bipartisan way. I am proud to partner with the gentlewoman from  Arizona on this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   