 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1698,  and am proud to cosponsor the Iran Ballistic Missiles and International  Sanctions Enhancement Act because we must do everything in our power to  curb, and ultimately put an end to Iran's malign behavior in the Middle  East region and across the globe.   United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231, which governs  implementation of the JCPOA, contains travel restrictions for certain  Iranian individuals. One such individual is Commander of the IRGC's  Quds Force, General Qasem Soleimani. There are troubling reports that  General Soleimani has traveled to Russia, and other countries, in  violation of UNSCR 2231, yet, the United States and the United Nations  have failed to act.   I am pleased my amendment to require a report on any credible  information regarding violations of the UN travel restrictions and any  exemptions that have been approved by the Security Council is included  in this bill. These travel restrictions were put in place for good  reason and we deserve to know whether in fact violations have occurred  and what the U.S. and UN plan to do in response.   I urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 1698.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3329,  the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amendments Act. This  important legislation builds on the Hizballah International Financing  Prevention Act of 2015. I was pleased to have originally introduced  this bill in 2014 with my colleague Mark Meadows.   Hizballah at the behest and assistance of Iran is active in Syria and  has helped Assad maintain regime control. Hizballah fighters are  returning to Lebanon more battle-tested and more capable than ever  before.   In Lebanon, again with assistance from Iran, Hizballah has been able  to amass more than 150,000 rockets--a ten-fold increase compared to  15,000 in 2006.   Iran uses several means to transfer weapons to Hizballah, including  by land, sea, and air and is now reportedly building missile production  facilities in Lebanon to enable an indigenous rocket-producing  capability for Hizballah.   Hizballah is not only a grave threat to our ally Israel, they are a  threat to regional security and America's national security interests.  Hizballah will be far more dangerous than ever before with an  indigenous rocket-producing capability.   That is why I am pleased that an amendment I offered during the full  committee markup of H.R. 3329 was included in the bill to ensure the  U.S. Government is focused on this urgent threat. My amendment would  require the President to report to Congress on the foreign and domestic  supply chain that advances Hizballah's domestic missile capabilities.  This includes how Iran is able to transfer goods and technology, a list  of those who facilitate missile transfers, and the steps being taken to  disrupt the supply chain that advances Hizballah's missile  capabilities.   The United States cannot stand by while Israel faces such a grave  threat on its northern border. We must decisively act and we deserve to  know what exactly the U.S. Government is doing to combat this threat.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3329.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 359,  which I am proud to co-lead and cosponsor with my colleagues. This  important resolution urges the European Union to designate Hizballah in  its entirety as a terrorist organization.   There is no distinction between the military and political wings of  Hizballah. They are part and parcel of the same entity, that is a  terrorist organization that threatens the United States and our allies,  and contributes to instability and violence in the Middle East.   The EU designated Hizballah's military wing as a terrorist  organization in 2013, and has made notable progress in countering  Hizballah activities, but more must be done. This resolution urges the  EU to take practical and tangible steps to reduce the terrorist threat  posed to the United States, Europe, Israel, and our other allies in the  Middle East by Hizballah. For example, increasing cross-border  intelligence sharing, freezing Hizballah assets, prohibiting Hizballah  fundraising activities, and issuing arrest warrants for Hizballah  members and supporters in Europe would not only send a strong message,  but would have a concrete impact inhibiting the ability of Hizballah to  operate with impunity.   I urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 359.   