 Mr. Speaker, in the dying days of the Obama  administration, and over vigorous protests by many wildlife and user  groups, not to mention the State of Alaska itself, the National Fish  and Wildlife Service imposed the rule that Congressman Young's  resolution overturns. In violation of the Alaska Statehood Act, the  [[Page H1262]]  Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, and the National  Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act, the Fish and Wildlife Service  removed Alaska's authority to manage the fish and wildlife populations  within its own borders on 76 million acres. That is a land area larger  than 45 States.   As part of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act of  1980, the State agreed to several national wildlife refuges within its  borders. In exchange for the Federal Government assuming control of  these lands, Alaska was given explicit authority to manage its wildlife  populations. This new agency rule breaks this promise. It begins a  dangerous process of seizing control of fish and game management  decisions which have by right, by law, and by custom belonged to the  States.   The North American model of wildlife conservation has been a huge  success and has sustained healthy wildlife populations for many  generations. Not only is the Fish and Wildlife Service rule illegal, it  threatens to reverse these successful land management relationships; it  places severe restrictions on the public's right to hunt and fish on  these public lands; it interferes with the State's success in managing  wildlife populations to assure that they don't overrun the ability of  the land to support them; and it shreds the cooperative relationship  that Alaska and the Federal Government have enjoyed over these lands  since Alaskan statehood.   We have three overarching objectives in the Federal Lands  Subcommittee: to restore public access to the public lands, to restore  sound management to the public lands, and to restore the Federal  Government as a good neighbor to those communities and States impacted  by the public lands. In adopting this rule, the agency violated all of  these principles.   The Federal Lands Subcommittee will spend this Congress working on  legislation to restore our public lands from the policy of benign  neglect that has plagued our land management to the point where we are  losing entire forests in the West and that has strained the  relationships between our communities and our Federal agencies. The  resolution sponsored by Congressman Young is an excellent start. I urge  my colleagues to support this resolution.    