 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the White House started out this week with  all kinds of activities on the White House grounds pertaining to things  that we make here in America and the importance of manufacturing and,  frankly, the kinds of good jobs that have traditionally come with  manufacturing.   When we have an economy that focuses on making things and growing  things, that has always been the strongest economy for working American  families--an economy that competes, an economy that produces. Where the  Presiding Officer and I live in Louisiana and in Missouri, in the  middle of the country and close to that great transportation corridor  and close to the resources of the country, we always particularly  thrive when we are in an economy that is focused on making things.   With all of the other discussions this week, it would be a shame to  not think about those products from every State that the President  talked about this week, that were on the Capitol grounds, and that are  reflective of companies that are almost brandnew and companies that are  a century old, where people had figured out how to be competitive  enough in what they were doing that they could make a living for  themselves and lots of other people, doing just that. In fact,  manufacturing employs 12.3 million people in the country today,  including more than 260,000 people in my State of Missouri. There is no  doubt that we benefit from those kinds of jobs.   I was glad that in 2014 we were able to get the Revitalize American  Manufacturing and Innovation Act signed into law. This was a new way, a  new opportunity for businesses to link with each other and to link with  training facilities, maybe research universities. You have to have that  kind of public partner, as well, to see what we could be to be even  more competitive than we are. When we looked at Germany and other  countries, they were not only doing this sort of thing, but they were  doing it in a way that made it really hard for us sometimes to keep up  with that level of interaction between innovation and manufacturing,  innovation and labor.   Businesses are really very much impacted, jobs are very much impacted  by the decisions that government ultimately sets the stage for. If you  are going to make something in America today, the first two boxes I  think you would have to check would be can you pay the utility bill and  does the transportation system work with what you are trying to do. If  you can't check those two boxes, no matter how great that workforce and  that location might be, you are not going to take those jobs there. So  government, either as a regulator or as a provider, is going to be very  involved in whether you can pay the utility bill.   That is why I was really glad to see the new director at the  Environmental Protection Agency look at the power rule. The courts  fortunately had already said you don't have the authority to do that-- only Congress can do what you want to do here--which is look at the  power rule and look at States like many of our States in the middle of  the country where, in my State, the so-called clean power rule would  have doubled the utility bill for families and the places they work in  about 10 or 12 years. By the way, nobody pays the utility bill for you.  The utility bill is paid based on how many utilities you use. There is  no mythical big government to come in and pay the utility bill unless  we are going to have a totally different system than we have now. The  utility bill would have doubled.   I have often said that in the last three years in this fight to see  that this didn't happen to Missouri families--and I said it again on  the radio this morning in an interview, thinking that this fortunately  had not happened--I said: If you want to test what happens if the  utility bill is allowed to double because of some needless government  action--and double before it has to because you are doing things before  they have to be done--the next time you pay your utility bill, just as  you are writing your checks out of your checkbook, pay it one more time  and see what you are going to do with the rest of your family's money  that month, which suddenly you can't do because you are paying the  utility bill twice.   There are ways--when we need to transition to some other kind of  utility provider if we want to transition in fuels or sources or  whatever--there are ways to do that. The way to do that is to say that  the next time you have to build something, the next time you have to  borrow money that the utility users are going to pay back over 20 or 30  years, once you have paid for what you are doing now that has met all  the requirements, you have to do it differently than what that silly  rule would have said, because it would have said you have to pay for  what you already have, but you have to also be paying for what you  immediately had to replace it with.   This would have been like if you had the CAFE standards, the miles- per-gallon standards, if that same agency would have said: OK, we are  going to have new miles-per-gallon standards and they are effective  immediately, and if you have a car that doesn't meet those standards,  you of course have to keep paying for your car, but you also have to  have a new car. That is what we were about to tell utility users and  families. And if you don't think that would have had an impact on jobs,  you are just not thinking about jobs.   There was a water rule, the waters of the United States, that would  have done about the same thing. Both of those have been pushed back by  the courts, and hopefully we are walking toward a more reasonable  situation where we are thinking about how to accomplish the same goals  in a way that lets families accomplish their dreams.   Then the second thing, the transportation issue: Does the  transportation system work for what you want to make? Can you get the  material where you need to get it? Can you get a product in a way that  continues to make you competitive? And the State and Federal Government  and local governments are very, very much in charge of the decisions  that make that environment whatever it is.   So when we are thinking about ``Made in America,'' we have to think  about those things. Then we have to think, with that infrastructure in  place, what is the third and crucial piece of that puzzle coming  together? It is a workforce that is competitive and prepared and an  education system that is prepared to help with whatever comes next.   If we think we know what the average person, or any person, is going  to be doing and how they are going to be doing it 20 years from now, I  suspect none of us are quite that able to predict what 20 years from  now is going to look like. In fact, if we had thought about the way we  do most of the work we do now 20 years ago, it would be amazing: Oh, it  is just 20 years later, but we didn't have the cell phone, we didn't  have an iPad, we didn't have a computer. There was nothing at the  factory that did what that machine does right now. We have to have a  workforce that is ready, and we have to do all we can to make that  workforce ready.    On the infrastructure front, we need to look not only at the  infrastructure bill that is coming up, but also how many more tools can  we put in the tool box. Senator Warner and I reintroduced the BRIDGE  Act to provide one more tool to create more incentive for private  sector partnerships, to do things differently than we have done them  before. If we are going to get different results, we have to do  different things. If we do just exactly what we have been doing, we are  going to get just exactly what we have been getting.   So as the President focuses, I think properly, on the kinds of  American jobs that create stronger families and more opportunities, we  don't want to lose  [[Page S4107]]  this week without also thinking about those jobs, thinking about the  12.3 million Americans who work at making things, thinking about the  more than a quarter of a million Missourians who do that. Think about  the others who work at growing things and how an economy that makes  things and grows things is a stronger economy than an economy where  people just trade services with each other. There is nothing wrong with  trading services, but if you do that on top of a productive economy, it  has a much better likelihood for everyone involved to serve the people  who provide the services, as well as the people who are out there  making things that are competitive in the world to have better  opportunities.   I appreciate the President and Vice President this week calling  attention to that important part of what we do as we move toward  transportation and infrastructure and other things.   