 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R.  1219, the Supporting America's Innovators Act of 2017. This is another  example of great bipartisan legislation that has been produced by the  House Financial Services Committee. Mr. McHenry and Ms. Velazquez  should be commended for their hard work on this important piece of  legislation.   Startups and small businesses are the primary job creators and  engines for growth in our economy. Unfortunately, the Securities and  Exchange Commission has not been focused enough on capital formation  aspects of its tripartite mission. This has left thousands of companies  interested in raising capital stuck complying with outdated regulations  that make it more difficult for them to invest in growing their  businesses. This means job creation and wealth building are not  reaching their full potential.   Certainly, the SEC should not overlook investor protection, but the  number one concern of my constituents is jobs. This directly impacts  their ability to put food on the table, get the car repaired, and pay  for college.  [[Page H2762]]    Today we have the opportunity to consider a noncontroversial bill  that will make it easier for companies to raise capital without  undermining investor production.   The Supporting America's Innovators Act of 2017 increases the limit  on the number of individuals who can invest in certain venture capital  funds before those funds must register with the SEC as investment  companies. Currently, the Investment Company Act limits the number of  investors in an investment company fund to 100 if the fund is to be  exempt from registration with the SEC, a burdensome requirement.   This would permit angel funds, which run syndicates that allow  accredited investors to participate in investing in startups, to obtain  funds from a greater number of investors. As a result, investors will  benefit from investment opportunities that otherwise they would have no  access to.   As noted by Kevin Laws of AngelList in written testimony before the  Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities and Investments:   ``With online fundraising and general solicitation becoming more  common because of the JOBS Act, companies are bumping up against the  limit more frequently. The current limit now acts as a brake on the  amount of money the company wanted to raise, leaving tens of millions  of dollars on the table that did not go into startups.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote in support of this  legislation. A nearly identical bill passed the House last Congress  with 388 votes in support, and we passed the bill out of the Financial  Services Committee with almost no opposition.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Foster), a member of the Subcommittee  on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments.   