 Mr. Speaker, before the minority whip departs, I want  to thank him for his work on this. This has really been a bipartisan  effort, and it is really putting the country first. The gentleman is  correct: This might not make headlines, but this will have a greater  effect on our government being more efficient, effective, and  accountable. We thank him for his work on it.   Mr. Speaker, there are some things we get used to hearing, but when  you think about it, it is amazing just how much things have changed.   I hear a friend say that all of the photos he took on his phone  automatically updated to his cloud--not surprising there. But how long  ago was it that we couldn't even take pictures on our phone, much less  have them saved automatically on a cloud?   Nowadays, it is not uncommon to cash your checks online, manage your  accounts on Mint, pay individuals back online. Many millennials don't  even carry cash anymore. That is a revolution in money management that  just happened in a matter of years.   So, Mr. Speaker, why in the world would the Department of Defense use  a 54-year-old system as a backup to send and receive emergency messages  for our nuclear forces, a 54-year-old system that relies on floppy  disks? Why would the master file of the public's taxes at the IRS run  on a 1950s code?   Eighty percent of the $80 billion we spend each year on IT is used to  maintain legacy systems, to buy expensive parts that nobody uses  anymore for a 54-year-old system we shouldn't even have.   We would expect more from the private sector. We would expect mobile  cameras, cloud computing, online banking. Heck, we would even expect to  upgrade our phones and apps and  [[Page H4265]]  technology on a rolling basis every single week. Well, why should we  expect less from the Federal Government?   I would say this is about more than expectations. We all saw what  happened over the weekend with the massive global cyber attack:  hospitals shut down, transportation systems. This is a government  service issue. It is a government waste issue. It is a national  security issue.   Now, government may never be like Silicon Valley, but it should not  be stuck in the age of ``Mad Men.'' That is not only costly, it is  dangerous.   Will Hurd, an individual that has served his Nation in some of the  most dangerous parts of the world, an individual who worked in the  private sector when it came to technology, an individual who serves in  this body and, I will say this based upon everybody else I have served,  probably has the most bipartisan approach of anyone I have ever seen  serve in that position--he doesn't care about party. It is just as the  time when he worked in the CIA. He cares about his country. He has seen  the most deadly things happen, and, through his technology company, he  has seen that people fight wars new ways.   So he took it upon himself--it is not the issue that people would  campaign upon, but it is an issue that he saw needed a solution. He  worked with both sides of the aisle, and he said: Why can't we  modernize our own technology?    The Veterans Administration was created in 1921, and if somebody that  was a veteran had a problem and a claim, they would write it on a piece  of paper. In 1921, on a warm day like today, we would have fans going  to try to cool ourselves down. We would rush, after we got done voting,  to turn on our radios to see what the news was saying.   Well, the world all changed. We can look at our phones and get the  news instantaneously. We got central air to cool ourselves down. And if  you have a claim with the VA, lots of times they write it on a piece of  paper.   Well, do you know what? That is all going to stop today. That is  going to stop because we are going to make a smart investment. We are  going to make the Federal Government have the same accountability that  we expect in business or anywhere else.   And do you know what will happen? Government will become more  effective, more efficient, more accountable, and more transparent.   So I want to tip my hat to both sides of the aisle, and especially to  Congressman Will Hurd. He took the leadership, had the tenacity to stay  with it and the ability to work with all on, really, the issue that  people wouldn't talk about but expect to happen, and he was the right  person at the right time to make the push. That is why I support this  bill.   