 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   It is interesting to me that my colleagues on the other side take  offense to this being referred to as a midnight rule. This is actually  a midnight rule twice. Let's look at how this thing started.   In 2005, during the Bush administration, 5 years of effort went into  codifying how coal mining operations should take place around streams.  The last President announced, during his campaign, that he was going to  make coal-fired energy financially, economically impossible, thereby  launching his war on coal. There was a lawsuit with the Bush-era rule.  The Interior Department and the administration settled, paying that  settlement out of taxpayer dollars and then launching an effort to  rewrite that rule.   In 2011 when we came in, they were planning to release that rule in  April of 2011. What took 5 years to codify, they wanted to redo in just  4 months. Not only that, but they left the States out of the equation.  The States complained about that. No one in the administration was  listening.   When the contractors then told the truth about how many tens of  thousands of jobs were going to be lost as a result of this rule, the  administration fired the contractor that was doing the work. Not only  that, they paid them in full. Now, go figure.   We have been back and forth with the administration asking that the  States be involved, asking that the rulemaking process be transparent,  asking, if it really had to do with stream protection, why was it  talking about and why was it going to be negatively  impacting underground coal mining that takes place hundreds, if not  thousands, of feet below the surface of the Earth. You answer me that.    So, here we are today, and now we have the Congressional Review Act.  I am so grateful that we have the opportunity to set the record  straight and to do away with this rule now and forever.   I urge my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 38 when it comes to the  floor this week.   