 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2430,  the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017.   For many months, we have worked on a bipartisan basis to negotiate  and prepare for the four FDA user fee agreements for reauthorization,  across party lines, and you are seeing that. That is why I am proud to  be a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. We will fight when we  have to, but we also can work together on things that are really  important to our country.  [[Page H5479]]    These programs must be reauthorized in a timely manner to avoid a  meltdown of the medical product development pipeline. We have had great  collaboration and strong bipartisan working relationships throughout  the process, from the publication of the goals letters, to the  hearings, and the markups in the Health Subcommittee, all the way  through the unanimous vote out of the Energy and Commerce Committee  last month.   Since the first PDUFA was established in 1992, Congress has created  additional user fee programs for medical devices, generic drugs, and  biosimilars. In this cycle, we see shortened review timelines and have  given the FDA new tools to harness the latest science and streamline  the review process.   FDARA would build on previous success by reauthorizing the user fees  and make improvements in the review process like advancing the use of  biomarkers and patient experience data. The bill includes additional  provisions beyond the underlying agreements that are worthy of support.   To give some examples, it will promote generic drug development and  competition, establish a category of over-the-counter hearing aids,  crack down on counterfeit drugs, and foster innovation in medical  imaging.   FDA approval is the global gold standard and reauthorizing the user  fee programs will ensure the agency has the resources--particularly  capable, qualified staffers--to fulfill this mission.   I look forward to working with my colleagues to establish a user fee  program for over-the-counter products and reform the monograph systems  once we have reauthorized the existing user fee programs that will soon  expire.   I want to thank Ranking Member Pallone, Chairman Walden, and the  chair of the Health Subcommittee, Congressman Burgess, for their work  and commitment into timely user fee reauthorization.   I also want to thank the staff, Kim Trzeciak and John Stone, and my  own staff, Kristen O'Neill, for the countless hours of work they did to  get us to this place.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2430.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of our nation's  servicemembers, military families, and community colleges in support of  the National Defense Authorization Act.  [[Page H5543]]    The 2018 NDAA supports our men and women in uniform by providing a  much deserved 2.4 percent pay increase and extending special pay and  bonuses for servicemembers. This bill further supports military  families by prohibiting the proposed reduction in inpatient care for  military medical treatment facilities located outside the United  States, and will provide up to $500 for a spouse's expense related to  obtaining a license or certification in another state because of a  military move.   Our nation's military is one of the major economic drivers for the  State of Texas. Texas is home to several of America's largest military  bases, including Fort Hood in Killeen, Fort Bliss in El Paso, and Joint  Base San Antonio. Texas is also home to major defense manufacturing  facilities that help our servicemembers protect America and employ  thousands of hardworking Texans.   The NDAA includes a provision, Section 3507, that will authorize the  U.S. Maritime Administration to designate and provide assistance to  certain community colleges and workforce training centers as ``centers  of excellence'' that provide valuable skills in the maritime sector.   This language will help community colleges, like San Jacinto College,  in our district in Harris County, Texas, that provides a modern,  comprehensive training program for working in our maritime industry.  San Jacinto College works closely with Houston's maritime community and  the Port of Houston, and recently opened a state-of-the-art maritime  training center last year.   This provision is modeled after legislation I introduced with Rep.  Robert Wittman earlier this year, the Domestic Maritime Centers of  Excellence Act (H.R. 2286). I hope our colleagues will support our  Centers of Excellence provision and ensure its inclusion when the NDAA  reaches the President's desk.   I ask all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in  supporting the National Defense Authorization Act.   