 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   We are here today, more than 400 years after the first English  settlers landed in what became Jamestown, Virginia, to finally  establish a government-to-government relationship with the Indian  tribes who greeted those settlers.   The Virginia tribes that are recognized in this bill have treaties  with the King of England that date back to the early 1600s. Their  ancestors were there at Jamestown and facilitated the very founding and  early development of our Nation.   These tribes have been unable to claim their rightful Indian identity  in relation to the Federal Government, due in great part to the  machinations  [[Page H4258]]  of one man, Walter Ashby Plecker, the State registrar for the  Commonwealth in the early 20th century. Plecker, an avowed White  supremacist, ran Virginia's Bureau of Vital Statistics for over 34  years. From 1912 to 1947, Plecker set out to rid the Commonwealth of  any documents that recorded the existence of Indians or Indian tribes  living therein.   He was instrumental in ensuring passage of the Racial Integrity Act  in 1924, making it illegal for individuals to classify themselves or  their newborn children as Indian. But he went even further and spent  decades removing the category of Indian from birth and marriage  records. Although this paper genocide, as it has been termed, attempted  to erase the Virginia Indians from history, the tribal members held  firm to their culture and to their identity.   In 1997, State legislation was passed to help correct the records of  the Virginia Indians. Soon after, the Virginia Indians began their  quest for Federal recognition. Passage of this legislation will finally  put to end their 20-year struggle.   I commend and thank our colleague from Virginia (Mr. Wittman) for  bringing forth this bill. I also want to give special thanks to former  Congressman Jim Moran, who spent several years in this body championing  this legislation and tirelessly working toward its goals.   Mr. Speaker, it is time to finally put this issue to rest and correct  a historical injustice by extending Federal recognition to these six  Virginia tribes. I urge all of my colleagues to join me and support  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. McEachin).   Mr. McEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Soto for yielding. I  also want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wittman), my friend  and colleague, for bringing this legislation forward.   I rise, 410 years after the first English settlers landed in what  became Jamestown, Virginia, to finally grant Federal recognition to  some of the Native American tribes who met those early settlers. Today,  with the passage of H.R. 984, we are recognizing the rightful status of  Virginia tribes in our national history.   It is largely a historical accident that the tribes of Virginia are  not recognized. The six tribes have treaties that predate the United  States, but because of the systematic destruction of their records,  they have been denied Federal recognition for the services that come  along with it. We are fixing this injustice today by passing H.R. 984.   Federal recognition will provide what the government has long denied:  legal protections and financial obligations. Federal recognition will  provide financial assistance for the tribes' social services, their  healthcare, their housing needs, educational opportunities, and  repatriation of the remains of their ancestors in a respectful manner.   These opportunities will allow Virginia's tribes to flourish  culturally and economically. These opportunities will lead to a better,  brighter future for the next generation. Federal recognition is an  issue I have cared deeply about since my time in the Virginia General  Assembly. I am proud and humbled to cosponsor this legislation.   We have waited too long, Mr. Speaker, to recognize Virginia tribes. I  urge my colleagues to support passage.    Mr. Speaker, it is time to right this wrong injustice and  bring truth back into our history.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   