 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak briefly about the American  Health Care Act that was passed last week in the House of  Representatives. I thought a lot about this bill over the past few days  and over the weekend. I talked to friends, I read about it, and I did  as much analysis as I possibly could, given the fact that we don't have  a Congressional Budget Office analysis of this complicated and  important piece of legislation. I have concluded that it is the most  ill-conceived, damaging, and downright cruel piece of legislation that  I have ever seen a legislative body pass in my adult life.   It drastically cuts support for Americans' ability to obtain health  insurance. In Maine--again, as near as we can tell, because we don't  have the final analysis--the preliminary numbers are this. Maine, under  the Affordable Care Act, through the payments to individuals and other  support, is receiving about $354 million a year coming via the  Affordable Care Act. After this bill, it appears that the number is $80  million a year--$364 million to $80 million. That is almost an 80- percent cut. No one can tell me the people of Maine are going to have  better healthcare with an 80-percent cut in the funds going to support  their ability to do so. It just doesn't make sense.   The way this bill works is, it is a tax on the elderly. Under the  Affordable Care Act, there is a rule that policies for older people,  50, 55, 60, cannot exceed three times the rate of policies for younger  people. We all know that younger people's policies do in fact cost  somewhat less because they tend to be healthier, but the rule was no  more than 3 to 1. Under the bill that was passed by the House last  week, it is now 5 to 1. That is an elder tax, and Maine happens to be  the most elder State in the United States. If they had taken a blank  sheet of paper and said: We want to write a bill to harm the people of  Maine, it would have been this bill.   There also is a massive cut to Medicaid--$880 billion--and the  sponsors to this bill claim that they are helping the deficit. How are  they doing it? By  [[Page S2860]]  shifting the cost to the States--shift and shaft. Balancing the Federal  budget by simply taking costs that are now borne by the Federal  Government and passing them off to the States is not responsible fiscal  policy.   Why don't we just have the States fund the U.S. Air Force? That would  save us billions of dollars a year--probably $100 billion a year. Shift  that to the States--and $880 billion shifted to the States.   Then there is what I call the figleaf--the preexisting condition  provision which talks about the Maine plan, which was a plan that  preceded the Affordable Care Act, which did give protection for  preexisting conditions, but it was adequately funded. It cost about $64  million a year to fund our preexisting plan. Again, because we don't  have the precise figures--but it looks like under this new bill, that  $64 million would be $20 million, one-third as much, a two-thirds  reduction. It is not a real preexisting condition plan; it is a  figleaf. It is to say to people: We are covering preexisting  conditions--nonsense, not true.   Of course, the final piece of this bill is a massive tax cut for the  top one-tenth of 1 percent of people in this country. They will not  even notice it, but the people who lose their healthcare will notice.   Now, under the Affordable Care Act, there is a list of essential  benefits which includes mental health and substance abuse. That is a  big deal. That allows and assures people to have coverage for these  very damaging and dangerous, in the case of substance abuse,  conditions. Under this bill that passed in the House, States can waive  those provisions and the waiver is very easy. The standards for the  waiver are very easy, and if the Federal department doesn't respond in  60 days, the waiver is automatically provided. In those States when  they have a waiver, mental health and substance abuse services could be  covered under a specialized plan which would be very expensive. By the  way, this waiver covers both the individual market and employer-based  coverage. How many people will be impacted? We do not know because we  do not have an analysis from the Congressional Budget Office.    I want to talk for the remainder of my time about opioids and what  this bill would do on that.   We are in the midst of a crisis in Maine and across the country. It  is the most serious public health crisis in my adult life. In Maine,  with regard to substance abuse and overdose deaths, you can see what  has happened in the last 5 years. More than one person a day is dying  of an overdose. Across the country, it is four an hour. We have turned  ourselves inside out in this country in order to deal with the threat  of terrorism, for example, which was entirely appropriate. Yet what if  we had a terrorist attack that was killing 37,000 people a year across  our country, and we were just sort of going along, business as usual?   I have been working on this issue since I got to the Senate. I have  been meeting with people throughout Maine--in hospitals and in  recovery--and meeting with families and parents and law enforcement.  The one thing that comes through loud and clear is that treatment works  and that we need it and that we do not have enough available beds in  Maine and across the country.   This is a terrible disease, but the most tragic thing of all is when  someone finally reaches the point at which he is ready to ask for help  and he is told ``Sorry, there is a 3-week wait'' or ``There is a 3- month wait.'' That is when lives are lost and families are destroyed.   Treatment does work. I have met with people for whom it has worked  and changed their lives. I have a friend in Portland named Andrew  Kiezulas, who I believe is graduating this weekend from the University  of Southern Maine. He has been through this. He has been to the bottom,  and he is now on the mountaintop. He knows treatment works, and it has  made a difference in his life. Without it, he would not be where he is  today. Justin Reid, another young man from Southern Maine, was in the  throes of addiction and escaped. He now runs a sober house and  volunteers for a program with his local police department.   Access to treatment is much easier with health insurance and with  sufficient Medicaid support. The House bill simply makes it more  difficult to access treatment. It penalizes the very people who have  taken the hard step to say that this is what they need.   Let me tell you a story. Matt Braun is from Cape Elizabeth, ME, right  outside of Portland. In 2009 Matt entered treatment for opioid  addiction. His parents, who were strong, middle-class, professional  people, purchased what they thought was good health insurance for their  family. After 5 days of treatment, they received a call that the  insurer was not going to pay for any more. We have decided your son  only needs 5 days. His parents argued, and the medical staff argued.  They finally won. They got 7 days of treatment. Those extra 2 days made  a difference.   The insurance company said that it was not going to help, that he was  going to be a chronically relapsing, drug-addicted person, so they were  going to stop at 7 days. They said he would not make it. His parents  did not give up.   Matt stayed in treatment and has been sober ever since 2009. He is  successful. He is getting ready to take the MCAT. He wants to go to  medical school. His goal is to approach addiction from the perspective  of a health professional and offer care and support to people who are  struggling in the way he did.   ``It is frustrating how insurance companies dictate what treatment  looks like and what a life is worth,'' said Matt.   Getting treatment for substance abuse disorder is not easy, but this  bill, the American Health Care Act, which is a misnamed bill--it should  be the American Take Away Health Care Act--only makes it worse.   On top of all of this, the administration has recently indicated that  it is talking about essentially dismantling the Office of National Drug  Control Policy--the highest level to be working on this problem in a  coordinated way in the Federal Government. Here we are, in the midst of  the most serious drug crisis in the history of this country, and the  administration is talking about gutting the very office that is  supposed to lead the fight. It would have been as if, in the middle of  World War II, we had abolished the Department of Defense. It makes no  sense. It is moving in absolutely the wrong direction.   By supporting this healthcare bill--or non-healthcare bill--in the  House of Representatives, which will drastically cut Medicaid,  drastically cut reimbursements for health insurance, drastically limit  the availability of coverage for preexisting conditions--by the way,  drug addiction could be one--and drastically eliminate the essential  benefits provisions of the Affordable Care Act, we are just making it  worse.   The Office of National Drug Control Policy has things like the Drug- Free Community Support Program, which administers small grants to small  towns. That can make a real difference. Last fall, 18 Maine programs  each received $125,000, and the DFC's 2014 national evaluation report  said that there was a significant decrease in the 30-day use of  prescription drugs for youth in communities with one of these programs.   Prevention is one of the things we need to work on, and it is one of  the things we need to understand. Yet talking about this problem is not  going to solve it. Treatment is going to solve it. Money for treatment  is going to solve it. Beds for treatment are going to solve it. Detox  centers are going to solve it. More resources to law enforcement are  going to solve it. More resources to the Coast Guard, in order to  interdict drug shipments coming into this country, are going to solve  it.   There is no single answer, but at the core is commitment. Passing  this bill from the House, which drastically undermines all of those  elements of treatment and prevention, and then talking about  dismantling the office that has led this fight in the entire Federal  Government, is beyond comprehension in the midst of where we are.   If this graph were doing this, if it were going down, I would be OK  with it. But it is not going down; it is going up. It is getting worse,  and we have to deal with it.   As we work through this issue of healthcare--hopefully we are going  to start with a blank sheet of paper over here--I hope we will bear in  mind that one of the most serious health problems in the country today  is opioid  [[Page S2861]]  abuse. This is not all about ideology, and it is not about policy. It  is about people. It is about Matt, and it is about Andrew. It is about  the thousands and millions of people across this country who are  struggling, who want to lead productive lives, and who want to  contribute to their communities. All they need is to have that moment  when treatment is available, when a helping hand is available, when  caring is available to help them escape the throes of this terrible  disease and rejoin their communities and their families. That is what  we have to keep in front of us as we work here in this body. We can  make a difference in people's lives, but in leaving them behind, we  will certainly not do so.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   