 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the continuing  resolution, or the CR. I want to commend Chairman Frelinghuysen and the  committee staff for their work on this legislation which provides for  continuity of government operations through December 22. This CR will  provide Congress time to work with the administration on a  comprehensive budget agreement, which is necessary for Congress to  complete its work on the fiscal year 2018 budget.   The House Appropriations Committee has worked tirelessly this year.  Each of the 12 Appropriations subcommittees scrubbed the fiscal year  2018 budget request, held numerous oversight hearings, marked up  individual bills in subcommittee and full committee, and each of those  bills came to the House floor where they were amended and passed in the  full House.   In the case of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee, which I have the privilege to serve as chairman, 80  amendments were offered by both Republicans and Democrats prior to  final passage. This is a demonstration that the House Appropriations  Committee continues to be the workhorse committee in the House. Even  with all this work completed, a great deal of work remains.   This CR provides a bridge necessary to give our bipartisan leadership  the time it needs to determine the top line number in both defense and  nondefense discretionary spending for fiscal year 2018. Once that  agreement is in place, my Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee and other subcommittees will get to work negotiating a  comprehensive fiscal year 2018 budget. It is vitally important that we  complete this work.   Another reason why I support this short-term continuing resolution is  so we have time to determine the needs to ensure that sufficient funds  are available to respond to the fires burning in my home State of  California. There are three major fires burning today in Los Angeles  and Ventura Counties. The largest, the Thomas fire, which is north of  Santa Paula, has already burned 96,000 acres. Earlier this morning,  there was only 5 percent contained.   All Californians know about the infamous Santa Ana winds. They are  blowing now. When these hot winds mix with the high temperatures and  low humidity we are experiencing now in southern California, they make  for very dangerous conditions.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Collins of New York). The time of the  gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, just one spark can result in devastating  wildfire, putting life and property at risk.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the continuing resolution.   