 Mr. President, this week, I am introducing a bill known  as the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2017. I want to thank  Senators Feinstein, Cornyn, Klobuchar, Corker and Rubio for joining as  original cosponsors. I also want to thank the many organizations that  support this bill and worked so closely with us on its development;  they include Rights4Girls, Polaris, the ATEST Coalition, Shared Hope  International, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children,  the National Association of VOCA Assistance Administrators, and the  National District Attorneys Association.   As its title implies, our legislation is aimed at combating the  terrible scourge of human trafficking in the United States. To call  trafficking victims' suffering a grave violation of our most basic  human rights would be an understatement. Trafficking is a life- shattering crime that too-often goes unnoticed, despite the profound  injury it inflicts on its victims and our society. Traffickers  typically operate in the shadows, making it hard to identify them as  well as their victims. That invisibility makes it harder still to  rescue the victims and bring the perpetrators to justice.   But there are some things we do know about human trafficking, and we  know them with some certainty. We know, for example, that trafficking  is happening in rural areas, in cities, and in the suburbs. It is not  confined to any  [[Page S3336]]  one area, because it has become so profitable. It has become a problem  of national significance.   To be sure, we have made some strides in combating this terrible  crime since the passage of the original Trafficking Victims Protection  Act, or TVPA, over 15 years ago. The TVPA, last reauthorized in 2013,  authorizes some very important programs to help victims. The bill I'm  introducing this week updates and extends a number of these programs,  which are under the jurisdiction of the Departments of Justice and  Labor. Senator Cornyn this week is introducing a complementary bill  that would reauthorize other TVPA programs, including those at the  Departments of Health and Homeland Security.   This is not the first time we have collaborated on this subject. Two  years ago, Senator Cornyn sponsored, and I cosponsored, another  important measure, known as the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act.  As chair of the Judiciary Committee, I made that 2015 law's passage a  top priority for our Committee and fought for its enactment. It  established a new fund to help cover survivors' services and also  equipped law enforcement with new tools to fight traffickers. The  services authorized under this 2015 statute are crucial to helping  survivors rebuild their lives with dignity.   The bill that I am introducing this week is a critical next step in  ensuring that human trafficking is prevented, its perpetrators  prosecuted, and its victims protected. This bill, drafted with  bipartisan support, would require more training for investigative  personnel at the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security. It also  extends a grant program by which school personnel can receive training  to recognize and respond to signs of trafficking in our educational  system.   This bill also offers increased assistance to prosecutors and law  enforcement agencies in their fight against human trafficking. For  instance, it authorizes the Secret Service to offer investigative and  forensic assistance to other crime fighting agencies. And it updates  key provisions of the Missing Children's Assistance Act, which  authorizes the important work of the National Center for Missing and  Exploited Children. The Center operates a cyber tipline by which  internet service providers can report child sexual abuse.   Additionally, the bill I am introducing signals Congress' continued  support for services available to trafficking victims who cooperate  with federal law enforcement in trafficking investigations.  Specifically, the bill authorizes an Office of Victim Assistance within  the Department of Homeland Security. This office, which is staffed with  specially trained victim assistance personnel, plays a crucial role in  securing victims' cooperation with trafficking investigations.   Finally, this bill would promote the collection of more data on  trafficking, and it would promote increased coordination among the  federal agencies engaged in combating this crime. Meaningful  partnerships at the federal level can help expand awareness, leverage  expertise, and facilitate creative solutions.   In closing, I urge my colleagues to support this important  legislation. Thank you, Mr. President.    Mr. President, this week, I am introducing a bill known  as the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2017. I want to thank  Senators Feinstein, Cornyn, Klobuchar, Corker and Rubio for joining as  original cosponsors. I also want to thank the many organizations that  support this bill and worked so closely with us on its development;  they include Rights4Girls, Polaris, the ATEST Coalition, Shared Hope  International, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children,  the National Association of VOCA Assistance Administrators, and the  National District Attorneys Association.   As its title implies, our legislation is aimed at combating the  terrible scourge of human trafficking in the United States. To call  trafficking victims' suffering a grave violation of our most basic  human rights would be an understatement. Trafficking is a life- shattering crime that too-often goes unnoticed, despite the profound  injury it inflicts on its victims and our society. Traffickers  typically operate in the shadows, making it hard to identify them as  well as their victims. That invisibility makes it harder still to  rescue the victims and bring the perpetrators to justice.   But there are some things we do know about human trafficking, and we  know them with some certainty. We know, for example, that trafficking  is happening in rural areas, in cities, and in the suburbs. It is not  confined to any  [[Page S3336]]  one area, because it has become so profitable. It has become a problem  of national significance.   To be sure, we have made some strides in combating this terrible  crime since the passage of the original Trafficking Victims Protection  Act, or TVPA, over 15 years ago. The TVPA, last reauthorized in 2013,  authorizes some very important programs to help victims. The bill I'm  introducing this week updates and extends a number of these programs,  which are under the jurisdiction of the Departments of Justice and  Labor. Senator Cornyn this week is introducing a complementary bill  that would reauthorize other TVPA programs, including those at the  Departments of Health and Homeland Security.   This is not the first time we have collaborated on this subject. Two  years ago, Senator Cornyn sponsored, and I cosponsored, another  important measure, known as the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act.  As chair of the Judiciary Committee, I made that 2015 law's passage a  top priority for our Committee and fought for its enactment. It  established a new fund to help cover survivors' services and also  equipped law enforcement with new tools to fight traffickers. The  services authorized under this 2015 statute are crucial to helping  survivors rebuild their lives with dignity.   The bill that I am introducing this week is a critical next step in  ensuring that human trafficking is prevented, its perpetrators  prosecuted, and its victims protected. This bill, drafted with  bipartisan support, would require more training for investigative  personnel at the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security. It also  extends a grant program by which school personnel can receive training  to recognize and respond to signs of trafficking in our educational  system.   This bill also offers increased assistance to prosecutors and law  enforcement agencies in their fight against human trafficking. For  instance, it authorizes the Secret Service to offer investigative and  forensic assistance to other crime fighting agencies. And it updates  key provisions of the Missing Children's Assistance Act, which  authorizes the important work of the National Center for Missing and  Exploited Children. The Center operates a cyber tipline by which  internet service providers can report child sexual abuse.   Additionally, the bill I am introducing signals Congress' continued  support for services available to trafficking victims who cooperate  with federal law enforcement in trafficking investigations.  Specifically, the bill authorizes an Office of Victim Assistance within  the Department of Homeland Security. This office, which is staffed with  specially trained victim assistance personnel, plays a crucial role in  securing victims' cooperation with trafficking investigations.   Finally, this bill would promote the collection of more data on  trafficking, and it would promote increased coordination among the  federal agencies engaged in combating this crime. Meaningful  partnerships at the federal level can help expand awareness, leverage  expertise, and facilitate creative solutions.   In closing, I urge my colleagues to support this important  legislation. Thank you, Mr. President.   