 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we are here with H.R. 23 again discussing attempts to  override State and Federal environmental law. The House and Senate  negotiated additional pumping flexibility in last year's WIIN Act. This  group has stated for years that they just want a little additional  flexibility in environmental law, which actually means weakening or  eliminating environmental law. They ignore the damage this would cause  to California's delta region, its families, and its farmers.   We heard last year that governments are set up for the benefit of the  people, but this means all of the people, not just a few people at the  expense of others.   The person nominated to Deputy Secretary at the Department of the  Interior worked for Westlands Water District just last December. He  would make decisions to pump more water to Westlands, the Nation's  largest water district--a clear conflict of interest, and a clear  threat to farmers and residents in the delta.   This is also a clear example of what is wrong with H.R. 23. It will  negate environmental protections; it will hurt one region to benefit  another; and it allows corruption to seep into the Federal Government.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to oppose H.R. 23 for these reasons.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, we see this bill every Congress. That is, every 2 years  we fight this thing out.   Let's talk about what it would do. It would weaken the Endangered  Species Act--that has been a target of the Republican Party for  decades. It will benefit one region while harming another. It will make  a few people very wealthy. It will likely cause additional drainage  problems for the Westlands and other water districts. It will cause  ocean salt water to come farther inland in the California delta,  poisoning farmland, destroying marinas, disrupting water supplies for  cities along the delta, basically destroying the delta as we now know  it. It will use precious limited water to plant evermore thirsty  orchards in the desert. And it may expedite the creation of new dams  with weakened environmental control.  [[Page H5508]]    So let's look at what it won't do. It won't create any new water.   So why do we have to go through this every 2 years?   It is good political theater for some colleagues, but it is not going  to get through the Senate.   But all may not be lost. Here is a novel suggestion: work across  party lines, work across northern versus southern California lines, and  come to a compromise that will actually create new water and take all  stakeholder interests into account.   We need to take a holistic approach.   It means actually funding recycling and above- and below-ground water  storage that makes environmental sense. It means capturing stormwater,  early leak detection, data collection, efficiency, and conservation. It  is all of these things, all of which can be done in a cost-effective  way that prepares us for the long-term.   There are countless recharge, recycling, desalinization projects, as  well as other storage projects that are ready to go and could create or  save enough water for thousands of families in California.   Instead of considering a bill that wastes water and that California  opposes, we should be discussing how to most efficiently utilize the  rain and snowpack we have, which can be done while protecting the  environment.   Let's oppose this bill and start working on legislation that can be  signed into law and benefit everyone.   