 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, unsustainable government spending drives both taxes and  debt.   The budget resolution sets the spending architecture for the fiscal  year. The House version provided for $200 billion of enforceable  mandatory spending reductions over 10 years and balanced within the  decade. The Senate amendments gut these provisions, squandering the one  opportunity Congress has each year to bring mandatory spending under  control, taking us another year closer to a sovereign debt crisis. This  is tragic, and I condemn it in the strongest terms.   The Senate, though, has retained just one key provision from the  House budget. It makes tax reform possible this year. Tax reform is  essential to economic growth, and economic growth is essential to  confront our debt.   Many are alarmed that it provides for $1.5 trillion of additional  debt, but this is due solely to the Senate's rules that require tax  cuts to be scored only as revenue losses without taking into account  economic expansion.   During the Obama years, our economy grew at an average of 1\1/2\  percent, annually. That is about half the average rate since World War  II. Reagan averaged 3\1/2\ percent. Reagan did this by reducing the tax  burdens that were crushing our economy. He slashed the top income tax  rate from 70 percent down to 28 percent, and income tax receipts nearly  doubled because of the economic expansion he unleashed.   Taxes driven by spending are the greatest threat to our economy  today, and debt driven by spending is the greatest threat to our  future. Controlling spending is currently impossible in the Senate. So  it is obvious that we can't balance the budget and reduce our debt  without significantly increasing economic growth; we can't increase  economic growth without tax relief; and we can't get tax relief without  the provisions in the Senate budget.   Arthur Laffer, the architect of the Reagan tax policy, forecasts that  the corporate tax reform alone will increase GDP growth at a rate that  should generate a temporary bump of 5 percent, settling down to an  average of 2.6 percent over the decade. This will add $5 trillion to  the American economy and directly increase revenues to all levels of  government between $1.8 trillion and $2 trillion.   We have tried a static approach to tax policy during the Obama years.  The economy stagnated and the debt doubled.   I remember what it was like in the Reagan era. Wages were rising and  opportunities for better jobs were everywhere. There was a sense of  optimism that comes with prosperity and abundance. When we abandoned  these policies, we lost that prosperity to a decade of despair.   I want my kids to know what that sense of relief and optimism was  like, what it feels like when morning dawns again on the American  economy. This resolution starts that transformation, and I urge its  adoption.   