 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to talk about the replacement plan  for the Affordable Care Act that is being considered by the House.   In December, I was informed that I was going to get one of my dreams  to come true in the Senate. I had asked to be on the Health, Education,  Labor, and Pensions Committee when I came in, in January of 2013, and I  was not on the committee. I had no complaints because I had other good  committees, but I was told in December that, for this Congress, I would  be added to the committee, and I am thrilled to serve on it.   When I found that I was going to be added to the committee, I knew  one of the first issues we would be tackling is what to do about the  Affordable Care Act. So I have started to pay visits around the State  to as many stakeholders as I can, including patients, doctors, medical  students, hospitals, behavioral health facilities, allied health  training programs in regions all across the State, military families in  Hampton Roads just last Friday, as well as patients and their families  in Chesterfield County last Friday. In all of these visits, my question  has been: We are going to be tackling the Affordable Care Act; tell me  what works, what doesn't work, and what we can do better. That has been  the goal.   Today's committees in the House, two committees, are considering a  plan that House Republicans have put on the table and are touting as a  replacement of the Affordable Care Act. I just want to talk about what  it would mean, if passed, to Virginians and Americans.   This plan will reduce the number of Americans with insurance. We  dropped the uninsurance rate to a historic low, but the gains that we  made would be reversed and the numbers of Americans with insurance  would go down.   It would raise healthcare costs, particularly on seniors, which I  will discuss in a minute.   It would dismantle the Medicaid Program at the service of tax cuts  for the wealthiest.   It is not an adequate replacement; in fact, it would be a dramatic  retreat, and it would be a retreat that would violate promises that had  been made by the President and other leaders.   Republicans--and I will get into this--have made a number of promises  about what a replacement would look like, but this plan falls far short  of that. That is why, within 36 hours of it being put on the table,  stakeholders across the spectrum, including the American Hospital  Association, AARP, the American Medical Association, nurses, nursing  homes, and Republican Governors have come out to either dramatically  and flatly oppose this plan or suggest significant concerns with it.   The bill has yet to be scored by the Congressional Budget Office, but  the House is trying to push it through committee, and even through the  floor, if they can, before the CBO tells the American public what this  plan would cost and, every bit as importantly, what it would cost  Americans in terms of the number of people who would lose their health  insurance.   A very poignant comment about the plan that was in the paper this  morning was from the Republican Governor of Nevada, Brian Sandoval, who  said: We Republican Governors have talked to Congress and said please  pay attention to what we have to say. States bear a huge burden on  these programs, especially Medicaid. He said: We gave ideas to the  leadership, to the majority about the replacement, but none of our  ideas are in this plan.   Without a CBO score, the American public and this body are completely  in the dark about how many people will lose coverage and about how this  will affect the American economy. Why would we move forward? Why would  we try to push a vote even in a committee, much less on the House  floor, before the CBO has given us this score? We don't serve the  American public well by doing that.   What does the replacement bill do? One, it ends the expansion of  Medicaid that was a core component of the Affordable Care Act--the  expansion that has been embraced by more than 30 States. Then, it takes  the traditional Medicaid Program and really dismantles it, instituting  a per capita fee for enrollees, and moving it more towards a block  grant program. That is the first thing it does.   Second, with respect to seniors, this plan would repeal a provision  in the Affordable Care Act that says seniors cannot be charged more  than three times the premium of a young person; it would repeal that,  and it will allow insurers to charge older customers five times as much  as younger customers. It would also give States the ability to set even  more unfavorable ratios for seniors. This will have a significant  impact on the premium of older Americans.   Third, the plan repeals the income-based subsidies, premium  assistance, and cost-sharing reductions in the current Affordable Care  Act and substitutes less generous tax credits that will not be adjusted  to average costs of plans in particular markets. So if you are a  middle-income individual in a high-cost market, you are really out of  luck with this plan.   Let me give an example of how insurance would be affected in  particular communities all over Virginia if the House plan were  adopted. If you are 60 years old and you make $30,000 per year, under  the House plan, here is  [[Page S1655]]  what happens. First, the cost of your insurance can be dramatically  raised because you are not, at age 60 now, limited to three-to-one over  a young person's premium; they can charge you five-to-one over a young  person's premium. So the premium cost, if you are a 60-year-old making  30,000 bucks, goes up significantly.   Now, you get a tax credit, just as right now you get a subsidy, but  the tax credit is much less generous. So the cost of your policy goes  up, but here is what happens in communities all over Virginia--tax  credit compared to the subsidy they currently get.   In 2020, in Augusta County, VA, in the Shenandoah Valley, the tax  credit you get is worth only about half of the subsidy you would get if  we continued the Affordable Care Act. So the price is up, but your tax  credit is less generous by half of the current subsidy.   In Fairfax, your tax credit is 41 percent less than the subsidy; in  Bedford, 51 percent less than the subsidy; in the city of Norfolk, 51  percent less; in Rockingham, 50 percent less; Pittsylvania, 49 percent  less, and Pulaski County in far Southwest Virginia, 54 percent less.   So if you are a senior, your costs go up, but the assistance you get  in the tax credit is dramatically less generous than the assistance you  currently get with the premium subsidy.   The bill establishes a penalty if you don't have continuous  insurance. An insurer can charge you 30 percent more in premiums if you  go 2 months or more without insurance. So if you are unemployed, you  lose your insurance. If you forget to pay a premium for two months, you  lose your insurance. If you have any gap of 2 months, that is an  opportunity for insurers to come in and sock you with a massive  penalty.   The bill repeals funding to a healthcare provider of choice for  millions of American women: Planned Parenthood. It is really important  to be specific about this. There is not in the Federal budget a line  item that says Planned Parenthood gets axed. What Federal funds go to  Planned Parenthood? Well, first, the Hyde amendment says no Federal  funds can go to any organization for the provision of abortions-- Planned Parenthood or anybody else. Planned Parenthood receives Federal  funds because it provides healthcare to women who are eligible for  Medicaid. So when Planned Parenthood treats a woman who is Medicaid- eligible for a medical service that is eligible for a Medicaid  reimbursement, then Planned Parenthood is able to bill Medicaid just  like a doctor's office is. And Planned Parenthood is the healthcare  provider of choice for millions of American women to do annual  checkups, pap smears, cervical cancer tests, and all kinds of basic  healthcare provisions. But under this bill, Planned Parenthood will be  disbarred from the Medicaid Program, even when they are providing  services to Medicaid-eligible women--services that are covered by  Medicaid.    The one thing about this bill that I would say--if you were going to  say: Well, who is a guaranteed winner in this bill because there are a  lot of losers, and I have tried to summarize them--the guaranteed  winner is that this bill overwhelmingly repeals the provisions that  raise revenue. This bill is a big tax cut bill.   The biggest revenue raisers in the Affordable Care Act were tax cuts  on the wealthiest citizens. There is a tax increase for nonwage income  by the top earners in the United States and an additional hospital  insurance tax that also affected individuals of high income.   What this bill does is cut taxes that almost exclusively benefit the  wealthy, while the bill is taking away these coverages and provisions  that protect middle and lower income Americans. The tax cuts in this  bill would save the top 0.1 percent of earners in the United States  about an average of $195,000 a year. So if you are in the top 0.1  percent and this bill passes, you are going to get an average of a  $195,000 tax break.   Millionaires get 80 percent of the value of the high income tax cuts  in the House bill, with the elimination of the hospital insurance tax  on high earners and the Medicare tax on investment income. In fact, a  family who is going to do incredibly well under this bill is the family  of our President, Donald Trump. As high earners, they are going to get  a huge tax cut with this bill.   I have to ask: Is this bill a healthcare bill or is it basically a  tax cut bill? You could look at this bill as basically being that the  driver of it is who benefits from it. It is a tax cut on the wealthy,  paid for by slashing Medicaid, slashing healthcare coverage, slashing  Medicare's trust fund, slashing Planned Parenthood, taking protections  like preexisting conditions that really matter to people and reducing  them. So I have a real question about whether this bill is a healthcare  bill at all or whether, under the guise of a repeal and replace of ACA,  it is a tax cut for the wealthiest, financed by slashing the healthcare  safety net.   Let me read to my colleagues what certain Republican leaders have  said about this bill in the past. The deputy leader here in the  Senate--a friend--from Texas, Senator Cornyn, said to Republican  Governors--Governors have a lot at stake in this. I was a Governor. I  know how much Governors depend on Medicaid and healthcare programs.  Here is what he said on January 19, 2017: ``Nobody is going to lose  coverage.''   No exception, no qualification. ``Nobody is going to lose coverage.''  That is what he said to the Republican Governors.   We were awaiting the CBO score suggesting potentially how many  millions will lose coverage. Many people will lose coverage. That is  not what was promised.   But, more importantly, probably, what did the President say? When the  President was campaigning as a candidate, this is what he promised the  American people: ``I am going to take care of everybody. I don't care  if it costs me votes or not. Everybody's going to be taken care of much  better than they're taken care of now.''   That was the test that he set for himself about an ObamaCare  replacement--that no one would be worse off and that many would be  better off. This does not meet that promise. It fails that promise.   At a December press conference the majority leader, Senator McConnell  said: ``Surely, we can do better for the American people,'' and ``we  will work expeditiously to come up with a better proposal than current  law.''   Again, the promise was, we will take where we are right now and we  will make it better. Nobody will lose coverage; everybody will be taken  care of better. We will come up with a better proposal than the current  law.   This is not that proposal. Turning Medicaid from a Federal guarantee  to a per capita cap on spending doesn't mean everyone is covered; it  means cuts to the States that would force States to cut eligibility,  reduce benefits or provider payments. That is why providers, like the  hospital associations and nursing homes, and the Republican Governors,  like Governor Sandoval, are deeply opposed to this particular version.  It is not better for the American people.   Protecting people with preexisting conditions, which the current bill  does, but only if they have continuous coverage--that is not better for  the American people because what if you lose your job or you can't  afford benefits or you have a break in coverage for two months, and  then you suddenly find that you are not protected, and your preexisting  condition can be used against you to bar you from insurance for the  rest of your life.   If you are unemployed and have a break in coverage, how do you afford  a 30-percent surcharge on health insurance premiums like this plan  proposes that insurance companies can sock you with? That is not better  for the American people.   In closing, I will repeat something that 13 Democrats put into a  letter to the Republican leadership in January: We want to work  together to try to make healthcare better. We are willing to sit down  at a table. We have ideas for how to improve not just the Affordable  Care Act but prescription drug prices under Medicare Part D, something  our citizens are deeply concerned about. We need to work together on  affordability. We need to work together to make sure small businesses  are able to afford coverage. We have to bring prescription drug pricing  down. I know Republicans have ideas about how to do that and Democrats  do too. The time is now to sit down and try to figure that out.  [[Page S1656]]    Passing a precipitous repeal, trying to rush it through before the  CBO scores it--a precipitous repeal that would take health insurance  away from many, that would jack costs up on seniors, that would punish  so many Virginians by reducing the subsidies they get now and replacing  them with a less-generous subsidy--that will break a promise the  President made. That will break a promise other leaders have made.   We had a HELP Committee hearing recently where we had witnesses who  had been called by Democrats and Republicans before us, talking about  things we need to do to fix and improve the Affordable Care Act. They  all agreed we needed to find improvements and fix it--all of them.  Democrats, Republicans, Independents, they all agreed we need to find  improvements. They all agreed a repeal of the Affordable Care Act would  be a catastrophe.   There were four witnesses. I asked them this question: If we need to  make improvements, what is the best way to do it? Should we do it fast,  carelessly, and secretly or should we do it slowly, deliberately, and  publicly transparently?   They all said: Of course, there is only one answer to that question.  We are talking about people's health. We should do it deliberately,  carefully, and transparently, rather than fast, carelessly, and  secretly.   We are proceeding right now in the fast, careless, and secret mode.  This particular plan comically was locked in a room and nobody was able  to see it last week. One of our Senate colleagues went over and tried  to get in to see what was in the plan--a Republican colleague, the  Senator from Kentucky. Now that the plan is out in the light of day, I  think we can see why they were hiding it--because it has so many  elements that are frightening so many people.   We can get this right. We can get this right by sitting down and  having a discussion about what I have been talking to my constituents  about: in the healthcare system right now, what works, what doesn't  work, and what we should change. If we bring constituents around the  table--individuals, hospitals, insurance companies, pharmaceutical  companies, businesses that are trying to buy insurance, doctors and  nurses--if we get people around the table, they will break us out of  the ``them versus our'' thing. We listen to them. We ask them those  questions--what works, what doesn't, what can be fixed. We will find a  path to meet the promise the President made, to meet the promise  Senator Cornyn made, which is not make anything worse but taking the  system as it is right now and making it better. We will only do that if  we engage in a dialogue rather than trying to rush. That is what I  encourage my colleagues to do.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   