 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from  Hawaii for yielding to me and for her leadership on this issue. I  served with her for 2 years on the Homeland Security Committee of the  House of Representatives and saw her ability to balance the national  interests and capitalizing and maximizing the opportunity that  immigrants provide and have always provided to the United States while  ensuring that we protect the homeland and our sacred commitment to  every person and family that we represent to make sure that they are  safe.   I think that the community that I have the honor of representing in  Congress, El Paso, Texas, is a case in point. We are one of the safest  cities in the United States today.   If you use the FBI's crime statistics as crunched by CQ Press, they  routinely rank El Paso, Texas, the safest city in not just the State of  Texas, but in the United States. For the last 20 years, we have been  the safest, second safest, or third safest in the country. That is not  in spite of the fact that we are connected with Mexico--our sister city  is Ciudad Juarez--and it is not in spite of the fact that 24 percent of  the people that I represent were born in another country, most of them  in Mexico.   In fact, our security, our success, our strength is connected to the  fact that we are a city of immigrants, that we are connected to the  rest of the world through our shared border with Mexico, and that  understanding that is critical to preserving the security and public  safety which is such a critical part of our job. I will give you an  example.  [[Page H4691]]    Not too long ago, under this administration, a woman who was an  undocumented immigrant from Mexico was in an El Paso County courtroom  seeking a protective order because her boyfriend threatened her life.  The judge in that courtroom granted that protective order, and as that  woman was leaving the courtroom, she was apprehended by a plainclothes  Border Patrol agent. That has never, to my knowledge, happened in our  community in the El Paso County Courthouse.   The consequences of that are not just that this one person was taken  off the streets and placed into detention and custody. The consequence  is that we have fewer people from the immigrant community in El Paso  coming forward to serve as witnesses to crimes, to report crimes in the  first place, to testify, to take part in the criminal justice system in  a way that has kept our community safe.   By definition, today, because of that one act, because of the climate  of fear and intimidation and anxiety produced by this administration,  El Paso, Texas, the State of Texas, this country is less safe.   If we want to respond to the most urgent issue that each constituent  of ours depends on us for, that is their safety, their security, that  of the community and the country that we serve, then we need to make  sure that we treat everyone within our communities that we represent  with dignity and respect. We need to make sure that local law  enforcement is not seen as a tool of Federal immigration law, but that  they are there to preserve and to protect the peace and to serve the  constituents and the people who live in those communities.   I would also add that next week marks the fifth anniversary of the  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program implemented  under President Obama. It was an important step that this country took  to realize the gains that we and future generations will receive by  ensuring that those young people who arrived on our shores and through  our land ports of entry like El Paso, through no fault of their own, at  the tender age of 5 or 6 years old and who are now in school or want to  serve in our military or want to create jobs themselves are able to  stay here and flourish so that we receive the benefit of their  potential.   I hope this Congress, every colleague from both sides of the aisle,  will work with me and others to ensure that we have, if not  comprehensive immigration reform, which I think should remain the goal,  reform in those areas like for the DREAMers and the DACA beneficiaries  that is most urgent and to the States that we represent and serve, like  Texas, with 200,000 DACA beneficiaries out of 700,000 nationwide. It is  the right thing to do for our security. It is the right thing to do for  economic growth and job creation. It is the right thing to do in the  best interests and traditions of this country.   So I conclude by again thanking the gentlewoman from Hawaii for  leading this discussion on this critically important issue, and I thank  her for the privilege of being able to speak tonight.   