 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. McHenry) for the work that he has done on H.R. 1219, the  Supporting America's Innovators Act, and the entire Financial Services  Committee for their work on this important topic.   As chairman of the House Small Business Committee--and I would note  that you have here not only the Republican chair, but we just heard  speak the ranking member of the Small Business Committee, Ms.  Velazquez; both in support of this legislation. It is bipartisan,  which, as Patrick McHenry mentioned, doesn't happen around here often  enough, but it did in this case.   I often hear from entrepreneurs and small-business folks that the  process to obtain capital is too rigid for them to expand and create  jobs. Access to capital is a major issue that we need to address, and  that is what we are doing here.   When it comes to helping small businesses get off the ground, no  effort we can make is too small. The Supporting America's Innovators  Act could make all the difference for an entrepreneur, and that is why,  again, we are here to support it.   Commonsense reforms like this one, which raises the cap on the number  of people who can invest in a venture fund, can go a long way for the  Nation's entrepreneurs, startups, and small businesses. With 28 small  businesses in the United States and nearly half of all private sector  workers employed by one, the Nation's economic future lies squarely  with this Nation's smallest companies and firms.   Those who risk everything and sacrifice much to take a shot at  building the next great American company should be operating in a  business environment that is free from overly burdensome rules and  regulations. They should be able to concentrate on expanding their  companies, gaining more customers, and job creation, not compliance  issues and outdated capital formation rules that prevent the largest  pool of investors from investing in these companies.   As this economic recovery continues to take shape, let's stand with  our small businesses and create an environment for growth. This bill is  another important step in that direction.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this very good legislation.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to  the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), the ranking  member of the Financial Services Committee's Subcommittee on Capital  Markets, Securities, and Investments.   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking  member for her leadership on this bill and in so many other areas. I  also thank Chairmen Hensarling and Huizenga; and, of course, my good  friend and colleague from the great State of New York, Nydia Velazquez,  the champion for small businesses; and Mr. McHenry, who has spent a  great deal of his time focusing on job creation and access to capital  for small businesses.   This bill passed in the last Congress under suspension with  overwhelming bipartisan support. This bill is intended to make it  easier for startup companies to raise money from sophisticated  investors by allowing sophisticated angel investors to pool their money  into a single venture capital fund, which allows them to leverage their  resources and make investments more effectively.   The bill does this by increasing the number of investors who can  invest in venture capital funds that are exempt from SEC oversight.   Under current law, a fund can be exempt from SEC oversight if it has  fewer than 100 investors and its securities are not offered publicly.  This is the exemption that the majority of venture capital funds  currently rely on.   Venture capital funds are long-term investors that provide much- needed equity capital to startups and other small companies. The fact  that venture capital funds are subject to the same limitation on the  number of investors they can have as other private funds, like hedge  funds and private equity funds, has limited the growth of venture  capital funds.    Specifically, it has limited the ability of angel investors--all of  whom are sophisticated, accredited investors--to coordinate their  investments by grouping together into a single venture capital fund in  order to invest in a promising startup company.   This bill will accommodate these types of angel investors who want to  coordinate their investments by increasing the number of accredited  investors they can have before they are required to register with the  SEC--from 100 investors to 250 investors.   The bill is also narrowly tailored to avoid raising investor  protection concerns. It only raises the investor threshold to 250 for  venture capital funds that meet the SEC's rigorous five-part definition  of a venture capital fund.   Finally, the bill is limited to funds that have less than $10 million  in capital invested. So we are only providing relief to relatively  small venture capital funds that do not pose a huge risk to the capital  markets.   This bill is the product of genuine hard work and bipartisan  compromise. Again, I thank Mr. McHenry for his leadership, along with  Ms. Velazquez, Ranking Member Waters, and Chairman Hensarling for their  hard work on this bill.   I urge my colleagues to join me--and I believe the majority in this  body--in supporting this important bill to provide easier and better  access to capital for small businesses.   