 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 5  minutes.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, today we are debating legislation that  will dramatically reshape the American economy. It was written, and  continues to be rewritten, in secret by only one party.   It didn't have to be this way. Done right, this process could have  had broad bipartisan support. We could have passed tax legislation that  is fair, simpler, and fiscally responsible. We could have passed tax  legislation that is truly focused on middle-class families and raising  their wages. Instead, we have a bill that fails dramatically on every  single one of these principles.   This bill fails in so many different ways that I think it is helpful  for us to talk about each myth that is being told. First, let's  dispense with the myth that this is a middle-class tax cut. The bill  makes dramatic, permanent cuts to corporate taxes while making very  small, temporary changes to the taxes middle-class families pay.  According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, for many working  families, the tax changes are less than $100 per year or, more simply  put, about $2 a week. That is not a middle-class tax cut. That is a  myth.   The second myth we hear is that corporate tax cuts in the bill will  trickle down and raise wages for average workers. If that were true, we  would probably hear some of the CEOs delivering the good news to their  hard-working employees, but it is not. It is not true. It is a myth. We  know this because the CEOs themselves are telling us what they will do.  Yes, they are actually telling us--and it isn't raising wages. They  have been clear. They are going to use the money this bill gives them  to buy back shares of their own company's stock, and they are going to  increase payments to wealthy shareholders.   CEOs are telling the White House this directly. At a November 14 CEO  gathering, Gary Cohn, the White House's top economic adviser, was in a  room full of executives that were asked what they would do with the  money from the tax cuts. Would they put it back into their business?  Would they grow their business? Would they increase wages? Only a  couple of hands went up in a very large room.   Their hands weren't up because they have no reason to lie. Their  intentions have always been clear. They are going to take the money  this tax bill hands them and reward their executives and their wealthy  shareholders.   Again, we know this is going to happen because CEOs are telling us-- and the bill keeps getting worse. We are hearing this myth that these  tax cuts will pay for themselves. Well, they will not. After years of  telling the American public how important it is to address the debt and  deficit, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are now going to  pass a bill that dramatically increases deficits.   Nonpartisan analysis shows that this bill will inject $1.5 trillion  of new debt--debt my Republican colleagues should be prepared to accept  as their own creation if this bill passes--and $1.5 trillion in new  debt for our children is not fiscally conservative, it is fiscally  irresponsible.   It didn't need to be this way. We could work together to build a tax  code that lets working families in Michigan keep more of their hard- earned money, levels the playing field for our small businesses, and  keeps good jobs in the United States. Michiganders and all Americans  deserve a tax code that is fair, simpler, and more responsible, not  more multinational corporate giveaways and massive new debt.   This bill clearly fails on all of these points, and I urge my  colleagues to vote no.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Pennsylvania.   