 Mr. President, I followed the remarks of the Senator  from Tennessee. We speak to the American people in light of the House  just voting 217 to 213 to repeal and replace ObamaCare. If there is  somebody watching right now, quite likely she is concerned about her  healthcare premiums.   On the campaign trail--I remember this so vividly--on the campaign  trail when I was running for the Senate, I was in Jefferson Parish, on  Veterans Boulevard, and a woman named Tina came up. I am going to  paraphrase what she said a little bit because this is a G-rated  program. She said: My name is Tina, and I am angry. I am paying $500  more a month, $6,000 more a year. My husband and I have no children and  I have had a hysterectomy, and I am paying for pediatric dentistry and  obstetrical benefits. I am angry.   If there is something right now that the average middle-class voter  is saying about his or her insurance premiums, it is that they are  angry. They feel they are being forced by Washington to buy things they  do not need and sacrifice other parts of their budget because if they  do not, they know the Federal Government will come after them with the  force of law, penalizing their family, and they do not want that.   So what can we do? First, we acknowledge, as the House has, that  ObamaCare is not working. Premiums are going up 20 to 40 percent per  year. In Eleven States, so I am told, individual markets are in a death  spiral.   I could go through that, which we already know. President Trump knew  it. As Candidate Trump, President Trump pledged four major things:   No. 1, he pledged to eliminate mandates. The Senate is committed to  working with the House and the President to eliminate those mandates.  Washington, DC, should not tell you what to do.   No. 2, he pledged to care for those with preexisting reasons. As  Senator Alexander said, it is something that  [[Page S2763]]  touches every family. The President was particularly concerned about  those whose preexisting condition was opioid addiction. We have to  recognize that they will not get better unless they receive treatment.  It is better to treat than it is to incarcerate or to bury. So we must  honor the President's pledge there.   He also pledged to cover all and to lower premiums. It is this last I  wish to focus on now.   How do we lower premiums? How do we say to Tina, who 2 years ago was  paying $500 more a month, that her premium will be lower? Well, there  are several ways. Let me focus first on lowering the cost of care.   Right now, healthcare is way too expensive. If you go in for an  urgent care visit, you may pay $1,500 in one urgent care center and $50  in another. As a patient, you do not know. You would never buy a car  that way. Can you imagine walking into a car dealership, picking your  car, and then saying: Bill me 6 months from now, and I will pay  whatever you ask. No one would do that. We shouldn't ask the average  patient to do it because when we hide those costs from the patient, we  do not allow her to be a informed consumer. Lacking information, she  inevitably pays more.   So one thing I have proposed, along with Senator Collins and four  other Senators--Senators from South Carolina, South Dakota, Georgia,  and West Virginia--is price transparency, which is to say that when  someone goes in to get their daughter's ear ache addressed, they know  what it would cost at this urgent care center versus another.   A good example of exactly what I am talking about--there was an  article in the Los Angeles Times a few years ago about the cash price  of a CT scan in the Los Angeles Basin. It would vary from $250 to  $2,500, and the person purchasing the service with cash would never  know.   I envision a time when someone takes their smart phone and they scan  a barcode, and the barcode says: You can go at midnight on Thursday and  get a CT scan of your daughter for $250 or you can go right now and pay  $2,500. You look at a quality code, and both have equal quality. I can  see the mother turning to her daughter and saying ``Baby, we are  staying up Thursday night'' because that mother knows she can take care  of her family's financial health, as well as her daughter's health,  just by being an informed consumer.   So one way we lower premiums is by lowering the cost of healthcare,  and the way we lower the cost of healthcare is by empowering patients  with the knowledge of price.   The second way we can manage to lower the cost of premiums is to take  care of those who are sick. The Senator from Tennessee ended by  speaking about our commitment to care for those with preexisting  conditions. Of course it is in the interest of the patient that he or  she who has cancer is able to get care for their cancer. Jimmy Kimmel  just spoke about his son being born with a congential heart condition.  He would have quickly died. Mr. Kimmel choked up as he spoke about it.  Well, shouldn't every family have the reassurance that their child born  in such a way would also have their needs addressed? I was struck that  Nick Mulvaney, President Trump's OMB Director, agreed with Mr. Kimmel.  This is not a Republican issue, not a Democratic issue; it is an  American issue. But it is also in society's interest.   I am a physician. I worked in a public hospital for the uninsured for  30 years. I tell folks, as long as that emergency room door was open,  no matter what time, day or night, in through that door came folks who  had all kinds of healthcare conditions. Some of them would come every  week. Some of them would come twice a week. We called them frequent  fliers. They may have been addicted or mentally ill. They may have had  terrible diabetes which was fully controlled or bad asthma, and they  would come in with an exacerbation and could not breathe. Every time  they came in, there was a $2,000 to $20,000 charge--every time. But if  you manage that patient through a primary care office or an attached  urgent care center, what you are charging $2,000 for here, you can  manage for $150 there. Not only that, when you manage it for $150  there, if that person actually works, she is more likely to hold a job,  more likely to support her family, less likely to go on dependence,  more likely to pay taxes. Society wins as she wins. That should be our  goal. So another way to lower premiums is to actively manage the cost  of disease.   People always say: We want government to run like a business. Let me  describe what happens in a large corporation. Take ExxonMobil. You will  find that ExxonMobil has an insurance company, a third-party  administrator. They look at someone who is a high-cost employee, and  they actively engage in managing that patient's illness so that, one,  they are better, but, two, they lower cost. We as a government should  do that, which a responsible employer does as well.   The last thing I want to mention is that the way to lower premiums is  by expanding coverage. When Candidate Trump said he wanted to lower  premiums and preserve coverage, he understood that the two are linked.  If you have a big risk pool--and a risk pool is just the folks who are  insured. Everybody who has insurance--that is called the risk pool. If  it is big, with lots of young folks who are in their twenties, others  in their thirties and forties, and then a few folks like me in their  fifties, if someone gets sick, you spread the expense of that one over  the many. Particularly if the many include the younger and healthier,  there is a subsidy for the older and sicker.   Go back to ExxonMobil. Let's imagine they have 50,000 employees. If  they have 50,000 employees and 10 of them get cancer, have liver  transplants, terrible car wrecks, or accidents, their premiums don't  even blip. Because you spread the cost of these expensive illnesses  over the many, all benefit, and cost is held down.   So when President Trump pledged to preserve coverage, he was  recognizing that nexus between having a big risk pool and lowering that  premium.   Let me finish by saying this: My commitment to Tina and my commitment  to the voters of Louisiana and the people of the United States is to  try to lower premiums. They cannot afford the un-Affordable Care Act.  The way we can do that, which I have outlined today, includes  empowering patients with the knowledge of price to lower the cost of  healthcare; encouraging coverage that manages those who are sick so  that those who are sick stay well and are less likely to consume  expensive emergency room care, as an example, but are also more likely  to live full, vibrant lives; and lastly, restoring what is called  actuarial soundness, the law of big numbers, a risk poll in which if  one of us gets cancer, that cost is spread over many.   Mr. President, if we manage to lower premiums, we will fulfill our  promise to the American people, and I look forward to working with my  colleagues to fulfill that promise.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   