 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would require both the  Chairman of the SEC and all of its Commissioners to undergo a  comprehensive, professional ethics training in order to ensure that all  SEC regulations and actions are free from conflicts of interest that  may arise from their past or future employment or by legal  representation of regulated entities.   This training into all of the ethical standards that were just  invoked by my distinguished colleague from Michigan is critical to  guard against regulatory capture and to protect the public interest.  The whole challenge of a republic is how to get legislators and other  public officers, who are agents of the people, to serve the common good  rather than their own, private interests. In the cost-benefit terms of  this legislation, you would call this the ``agency problem.'' Our  Constitution, with everything from the separation of powers to the  Emoluments Clause, to the Title of Nobility Clause is designed to  safeguard the public interest and to reduce the prospects for mischief,  corruption, and self-dealing by people in government. Providing  mandatory ethics training is a simple way to remind all of us in public  life whom we really work for--the American people.   Requiring employees to undergo basic ethics training is not unusual.  In fact, every congressional staffer who works in this body is required  to undergo ethics training in his or her first 60 days of employment  here. The freshman class, of which I am a proud member, just had an  excellent briefing on professional ethics standards a couple of weeks  ago.   Under this amendment, Congress will be able to ensure that the SEC  officials who are making the critical rules that govern the financial  securities industry are looking out for the American people and not for  any particular special interest.   Conflicts of interest have been rife in the financial sector. In  2008, while Wall Street and big banks preyed on the victims of the  mortgage crisis, American families lost trillions of dollars in  retirement values, home values, equity, and so on.   This amendment would implement a simple safeguard, ensuring that the  people who regulate the financial sector are not crossing any ethical  lines or are bending the rules in favor of past or future employers or  of any other special interests. The people of the United States expect  and deserve nothing less from Washington.   In closing, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this amendment.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Michigan has invited us,  through the various colloquies this afternoon, to believe that there is  a comprehensive ethical regime in place. We agree that there is, but  what there is not is a requirement that the Chair of the SEC and each  of its Commissioners undergo ethics training, the kind of training that  millions of Americans undergo all the time in order to understand  precisely what their ethical obligations are. It is as if to say that  nobody needs to have stop signs or stoplights out there because there  is a traffic code someplace. There may be, but we need to give the  actual direction to people who are participating in the activity of  regulation.   Nothing that the good gentleman has said persuades me that the ethics  training is actually taking place or that the SEC Commissioners and the  Chair of the SEC do not need it.    If anything I said is read by anyone to insult the President of the  United States or the current Chair of the SEC, then I would stand  corrected. I don't think I said anything that would have  [[Page H443]]  affronted any of them. This is basic ethics training that takes place  for people across the government. For the life of me, I can't  understand what the opposition to it is.   There seems to be a kind of fetishizing of cost-benefit analysis  above everything else. The Constitution doesn't include the words  ``cost-benefit.'' There are a whole series of rules that we have in  there, including the Emoluments Clause, which established the principle  of no conflicts of interest, no foreign bribery, no domestic bribery,  no compromising of the integrity of government; and I do not understand  why we are so afraid of building those principles into the legal  architecture that governs the Securities and Exchange Commission.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I think we have arrived at what the  difference is between me and the gentleman from Michigan.   The regulation, as he reads it, applies only to the Chair. This  amendment would extend the ethics training, which he seems to support,  to all of the members of the Securities and Exchange Commission. It is  true that they all have to do a filing, as we all do, about our various  finances, but that is not the comprehensive ethical training that all  of us need to get in order to avoid conflicts of interest. So, if that  is something that is good enough for the Chair, it is, presumably, good  enough for all of the members of the SEC.   I would urge my colleague to rethink his opposition to this  commonsense amendment, which, I think, would install precisely what the  American people are asking of us, which is that all of us pay attention  to public ethics in the conduct of our duties.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   