 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support H.R. 3369, a bill recognizing the life and legacy of Howard B.  Pate, Jr., by naming the Spring Lake, North Carolina, Post Office in  his honor.   Born in Bladen County, North Carolina, in 1925, Mr. Pate first moved  to Spring Lake, a town in the Eighth Congressional District I am proud  to represent, where his father was stationed at Fort Bragg.   Being from a military family, when the United States entered World  War II, Mr. Pate answered the call to serve his country and continued  his service as a member of the North Carolina National Guard until  1952.   After finishing his military service, Mr. Pate assumed the position  of Spring Lake's postmaster. He served in this position for 30 years,  until his retirement in 1982.   After retiring, Mr. Pate remained active in the community as a member  of many civic organizations, including being named town historian in  1994, a post he held for more than two decades. For all his efforts,  the local Chamber of Commerce named their Volunteer of the Year award  after Mr. Pate.   The town of Spring Lake unanimously adopted a resolution to dedicate  their post office in honor of Mr.  [[Page H9292]]  Howard Pate, Jr., because there was never a person who embodied the  spirit of the community more than he.   Sadly, Mr. Pate passed away 1 year ago yesterday, on November 14,  2016. On the first anniversary of his passing, I can think of no better  way to honor his respected life than to name the post office after him  in a town he loved and where he lived and served most of his life.   As any Spring Lake resident will tell you, Mr. Pate was not only a  pillar of our community, but also a cherished friend. He worked  tirelessly to ensure we kept a strong grip on our past while making  Spring Lake a better place for future generations.   It is my honor to make sure he will always be a part of our legacy in  the future by naming the Spring Lake Post Office in his honor.   Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of  H.R. 3369, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post  Office located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina,  as the Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office.   Born in 1925, Howard Pate joined the Army in 1944, 2 years after his  high school graduation. In early 1945, Howard deployed to Europe as  part of the famed 101st Airborne Division.   Later serving in the 82nd Airborne Division, Howard was discharged  from Active Duty in 1946, but he continued his service as a member of  the North Carolina Guard and the U.S. Army Reserve. He retired in 1965,  as a sergeant major in the 13th Special Forces Group.   Following his military service, Howard was appointed postmaster of  Spring Lake, North Carolina, and served as both a State vice president  and president of the National Association of Postmasters.   He was also an active member of his community, serving as a deacon at  the First Presbyterian Church of Spring Lake, charter president of the  Spring Lake Jaycees, and a member of the Greater Spring Lake Chamber of  Commerce for over 50 years, where the Volunteer of the Year award is  named in his honor.   Howard Pate passed away a year ago this week, as we heard, on  November 14, 2016.   Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Howard Pate's life of  service to his community and to his country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 3369, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   