 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Georgia for yielding  and for his hard work on this rule.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule today, which allows for  consideration of H.R. 2396, the Privacy Notification Technical  Clarification Act.   I would like to begin by thanking Chairman Hensarling for guiding  this bill through committee, and Chairman Sessions for his work on  bringing this rule to the floor. I also want to thank Mr. Clay for his  very helpful amendment.   One of the reasons I came to Congress was to reduce the regulatory  burden in our country so that businesses could have the freedom to  grow, thrive, and create jobs for hardworking Americans. This bill is  about modernizing one of those outdated regulations that has been a  burden to businesses and consumers alike, the privacy notification  rules.   Now, a couple of minutes ago, my friend from Colorado gave a very  nice speech about DACA, about tax reform, about the public opinion of  this institution; but the speech had nothing to do with consideration  of this rule today. When he finally got around to talking about the  rule, he said we should not allow the rule to move forward because the  underlying bill, H.R. 2396, in light of the Equifax scandal, we should  not be eliminating privacy notices and allow banks to circumvent those  rules because it is going to hurt consumers.   None of this is correct. This bill is a very simple bill. It deals  with auto finance companies and it relieves them from the burden of  having to send out privacy notices to consumers year after year when  the policy hasn't changed. If the auto finance companies change the  policy, they have to send out new privacy notices. If a consumer calls  up and says, ``I know the policy hasn't change, but I would like to see  the rule,'' they can go on the website or they can ask that the policy  be mailed to them. This bill in no way harms consumers.   Now, just last year, we passed the bipartisan bill that allowed banks  to stop sending privacy notices to consumers if nothing in the policy  had changed. This noncontroversial measure passed by voice vote, with  Members on both sides of aisle realizing that companies were wasting  enormous amounts of paper and money sending out duplicative and  unnecessary privacy notices year after year.    The bill achieved its goal. Millions of dollars that would have been  spent on paper and postage were instead put back into our local  communities. My bill builds on this success and extends the provision  to companies lending money to people buying vehicles.   This means that those who extend credit to consumers who buy vehicles  from Ford, GM, Harley-Davidson, and other iconic American companies  would receive the same benefit as banks, and, more importantly,  consumers would no longer be bombarded with a never-ending stream of  little print privacy notices and policies that haven't changed.   This is a bipartisan, commonsense measure. I encourage my colleagues  to support the rule and allow debate to begin on this legislation.   