 Mr. President, the internet worked great in 2014 when  there were no Federal net neutrality rules. Truth be told, even after  the Obama-era Federal Communications Commission applied depression-era  phone monopoly regulations to broadband in 2015, most Americans saw  little or no difference in their internet experience. The internet  still creates jobs, expands educational opportunities, keeps us in  touch with loved ones, and, as a bonus, it is often entertaining.   This internet that we know and love isn't going to fall apart anytime  soon, no matter what the FCC decides. But there are important policy  questions that need to be answered about how the internet will grow and  develop into the future. Let's put the apocalyptic rhetoric and  fearmongering aside.   The internet doesn't belong just to Republicans, Democrats, big  Silicon Valley tech companies, internet service providers, small  Silicon Prairie startups, or the Federal Government. It belongs to  everyone. It is global. It is best when it is free and open.   Today, as the FCC reconsiders the flawed broadband regulations it  issued only 2 years ago, Congress should look back at the path that we  could have taken but didn't. In November of 2014, I offered former FCC  Chairman Tom Wheeler an opportunity for Democrats and Republicans to  come together to craft a permanent legislative solution banning  controversial practices known as blocking, throttling, and paid  prioritization of internet traffic. With colleagues in the House of  Representatives, I even put forward a draft bill doing exactly that. It  wasn't a final offer but, rather, an outreach to get the conversation  started. I thought the time and opportunity to protect the open  internet on a bipartisan basis had arrived. Through bipartisan  legislation, I believed Congress should put into statute widely  accepted principles of network management, commonly referred to as  ``net neutrality.''   Our idea for legislation was straightforward: Combine protections  ensuring that owners of broadband infrastructure can't use their role  to manipulate the user experience with those guaranteeing a  continuation of the light-touch regulatory policies that helped the  internet thrive for two decades.   But Chairman Wheeler rejected our idea for bipartisan legislation.  Instead, he and his staff lobbied to block such discussions from even  happening in Congress. He then, with only partisan support, issued an  order that gave the FCC authority to regulate the internet under old  laws designed for phone monopolies and eliminated all the authority the  Federal Trade Commission had to police broadband providers.   I represent South Dakota, a rural State that is home to small but  still very innovative technology businesses. In other parts of the  State, communities lack access to high-speed broadband. In the debate  over the FCC regulating broadband with rules designed for phone  monopolies, there were many concerns that Chairman Wheeler's approach  would create uncertainty that chills investment.   ``Chilling investment'' is a term that one often hears among the  business community. To me, what it really means is that many Americans  in rural communities will have to wait longer before they have an  opportunity to select high-speed internet service. Today there are 34  million Americans who lack access to broadband services at home.   As innovation on the internet thrives, demand for data rises, and the  stock market hits all-time highs, one would have suspected that  broadband investment would continue growing as it had for two decades.  But according to one analysis, annual investment actually went down 5.5  percent in 2016 compared to 2014. This is a troubling sign that private  investment may have second thoughts about the ability to turn capital  expenditures into future profits under an excessive regulatory regime.   Chairman Wheeler assured the public that his FCC would not use new  authority over the internet to aggressively restrict many regular  online practices, but he could not offer assurances that, as years pass  and administrations change, such regulatory restraint would remain. His  order gives wide legal latitude for any future FCC  [[Page S3029]]  not bound by his commitments to touch any and every corner of the  internet. After all, unless grounded in legislation, partisan policy  changes through administrative action can be fleeting.   Today's action at the FCC aptly underscores the concern that the  FCC's partisan approach to internet policy in 2015 did not put the  internet on a solid foundation. I know there are many upset about what  the FCC is doing. I felt much the same way 2 years ago when the FCC  voted to proceed after my bipartisan outreach had been rejected.   We should not, however, view the FCC's action today as a final  outcome. While I commend Chairman Ajit Pai and Commissioner Michael  O'Rielly for taking this necessary step, I fully recognize that today's  action alone does not create ideal certainty for the internet. There is  more work yet to do.   In politics, it is rare to get a second chance at bipartisan  compromise, yet right now we have an opportunity to accomplish what  eluded us 2 years ago--clear and certain rules in statute to protect  the open internet. We have another chance to sit down, to discuss every  stakeholder's concerns, and to work toward the common goal of  protecting the internet.   While the FCC's 2015 order may soon be consigned to the dustbin of  history, the last few months have shown that political winds can and  often do shift suddenly.   To my colleagues in both the majority and minority: The only way to  truly provide legal and political certainty for open internet  protections is for Congress to pass bipartisan legislation. We need a  statute offering clear and enduring rules that balance innovation and  investment throughout the entire internet ecosystem.   In crafting rules, we need to listen to the concerns of all Americans  who support an open internet but who may have differing opinions about  the greatest threats to online freedom. For some Americans, the  greatest concern is meddling by internet service providers, and for  others it is unelected bureaucrats attempting to overprotect Americans  from products and services that they actually like.   Online innovation is a virtuous circle. Online companies need robust  and widely available broadband networks to reach their customers, and  ISPs need the online experience to be compelling enough to drive  subscriber demand.   We need to work together collaboratively to find the right policies  for the internet. I firmly believe we can find common ground to protect  the internet, so long as we don't fixate on the misguided notion that  monopoly regulation is the only way to preserve it. While some may wish  to wait until the activities at the FCC and in the courts have  completely run their course, my preference would be to begin bipartisan  work on such legislation without any further delay. Innovation and job  creation should no longer take a backseat to partisan point scoring.   It is time for Congress to finally settle this matter. I am happy to  meet at any time with any of my colleagues who are serious about  discussing a path forward. I would also welcome discussing any new open  internet proposals from my colleagues that balance the need for both  innovation and investment.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, after reviewing Rachel Brand's record  and testimony during her confirmation hearing, I cannot support her  nomination to become Associate Attorney General.   Ms. Brand is a fierce supporter of the so-called Patriot Act and the  bulk collection of millions of Americans' data. Americans deserve an  Associate Attorney General who can properly balance their  Constitutionally protected right to privacy against national security  interests. Ms. Brand has demonstrated her willingness to abridge those  rights.   I am particularly disturbed by Ms. Brand's tenure as the Assistant  Attorney General for the Department of Justice's Office of Legal Policy  from 2005 to 2007. Ms. Brand worked at the Department at the time when  Bradley Schlozman, a high-ranking official within the Department of  Civil Rights, was accused of inappropriately politicizing the  Department. Ms. Brand's emails during her time at the Department  indicate that she may have been aware of and, indeed, a willing  participant in this inappropriate activity. Conservative groups are now  urging Attorney General Sessions to ``wash out the progressive liberal  activism that infects the agency from top to bottom.'' This Justice  Department under Attorney General Sessions is already facing its own  ethics crisis. When President Trump flouts protocols and procedures  with impunity, I cannot in good conscience vote to allow Ms. Brand to  return to the Department of Justice and continue where she left off.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   