 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 additional  minutes on each side.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 additional  minutes on each side.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I would like to respond to the statement of  the Senator from Oregon. As chairman of the Intelligence Committee, let  me just tell Members that Congressman Pompeo has made himself available  to every Member on the Committee for private meetings in their office.  For everyone who would take a meeting, he met with them.   He came before the committee in open session and in closed session.  In open session, he stayed for as long as Members had questions, and  all questions were answered. Congressman Pompeo received from the  committee over 150--may have been over 200--questions for the record.  Today all questions are answered.   I can't address whether there was ever a CIA Director who was  confirmed on inauguration day, but I can't think of a time where the  country has been more challenged with threats around the world and at  home than we are right now. We carried out military acts last night and  the night before. We have just gotten through with one of the highest  security events in the history of this country in Washington, DC.   Why aren't we taking up Representative Pompeo today? It is not  because there is disagreement, it is not because we haven't had an  opportunity to ask enough questions or talk to him face-to-face and get  answers. It is because some people don't want to vote on it today. They  want to wait until Monday.   I am willing to debate this as long as it needs to be debated. I  don't want to cut off anybody's debate, but I think we owe it to the  country to have a vote today. That can be in an hour, it can be in 5  hours, but I think we ought to provide this President with a CIA  Director who is in charge.    I will be happy to yield.   Mr. McCAIN. I object. It is time for the vote.    Mr. President, let me conclude and then the Senator can  claim his own time.   We ought to do this. We ought to do it for the country, not for  ourselves. It is not about us. This is about doing something for the  country. An Acting Director of the CIA is just not sufficient, whether  it is for a day or whether it is for a week. Right now they need  leadership that is permanent. They need to know tomorrow who is heading  that Agency. I would urge my colleagues, let's confirm him today. We  have had enough time to ask every question possible, and now is the  time to vote on confirmation.   I yield the floor.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Illinois.    The Senator's question is a very good one.   It is normal for us to report out. We thought we had a deal with the  Democratic leader. That is why we didn't discharge him. That is why we  didn't have a business meeting this week. I regret that I didn't  schedule that, but it certainly could have been, and I will not make  that mistake again.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. All time for the majority has  expired.   Who yields time?   The Senator from Michigan.   