 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  year's NDAA and commend the chairman for his outstanding leadership in  getting us to the point we are today.   This year's bill takes the first step to fixing the broken national  security space enterprise within the Air Force. In this bill, we  streamline the current fragmented leadership structure, eliminating  over 20 unnecessary internal Air Force boxes on the Air Force  acquisition organization chart.   The bill empowers the commander of the Air Force Space Command with  sole authority to organize, train, and equip space forces. It  terminates duplicative and ineffective offices like the Principal DOD  Space Advisor, the Defense Space Council, and the Air Force's A-11  office.   Most importantly, it is a step in a long path to getting space right  for the betterment of our warfighters.   Hopefully, over the coming year, the Senate will focus on the chronic  problems facing national security space and work with us to establish a  separate Space Corps.   On missile defense, the bill ensures that we stay ahead of the  threat, which, as we have seen over the last few years from North Korea  and their two dozen missile tests, they are advancing rapidly.   Also, in this bill, we are authorizing more interceptors,  accelerating research and development for advanced technologies, and  improving acquisition authorities for missile defense systems.   And let's also not forget about what the bill does for our nuclear  deterrent. All three legs of the triad will age out and begin retiring  over the next decade, but this bill ensures the replacement programs  remain on schedule.   On space launch, we continue the committee's dedication to the  development of a domestic replacement for the RD-180 engines and to  appropriately scoping the DOD investment in development of current or  planned launch vehicles.   Finally, I am very pleased with the progress we have made toward  getting some of the surplus 1911 pistols into the hands of collectors  and off the government dime for storage costs.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation.   