 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to comment and say a few words  about the use of the budget reconciliation process to facilitate an  effort to repeal but not replace ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act. I  serve on the Budget Committee. During the course of multiple hearings  during the previous year before the election, we heard the most adamant  stories from the Republican side about how dire our Nation's debt  situation was, how dire our Nation's deficit was.   Member after Member on the Republican side spoke as if the end of the  Republic was at hand. Yet the policies from the Bush administration  that kept driving that debt and that deficit they protect. They blamed  President Obama for the effect of Bush policies that took place during  President Obama's years, while defending those Bush policies the  President had actually tried to correct. In many respects, their  concern about the budget was a little ironic since they were defending  the Bush policies that created this debt and deficit explosion in the  first place.   Nevertheless, be that as it may, you had this phalanx of Republican  Senators in a state of very high animation about our debt and deficit.  You would think that in this Congress, with control both over the House  and the Senate and a Republican President-elect looming, they might use  the budget reconciliation process to do something about the debt and  the deficit.   After all, there was a lot of big talk last year, and here is the  budget reconciliation process. As we see, it is not being used to do  anything about the debt or the deficit, it is being used to open an  effort to repeal but not replace ObamaCare. The problem is, when you do  that, you do some pretty bad things to the debt and to the deficit.   Before the Affordable Care Act was passed, Medicare officials  projected out-year costs for Medicare in 10-year increments. After the  experience of the Affordable Care Act, they went back and they redid  those projections, and they dropped the cost of Medicare dramatically.  Those outyear costs, dramatically reduced, are an important, valuable  step toward lower debt, balanced budgets, and less of a national annual  deficit. Repealing ObamaCare will undo that.    It was pretty clear from Budget Committee hearings that that  reduction in anticipated Medicare costs in the outyears was related to  the work that had been done in the Affordable Care Act as well as the  changes in experience that we are seeing. That is one budget buster  which shows that this reconciliation effort is going in the wrong  direction.   In Rhode Island, I watched this issue pretty closely because I want  Rhode Island to be a leader in delivery system reform. I want ours to  be one of the most efficient health care systems in the country, and I  worked very hard over many years to put the pieces in place in Rhode  Island to help make that come to pass. So I talked to people like Dr.  Kurose, who runs one of our largest primary care practices, and Dr.  Puerini, who runs another very big Rhode Island primary care practice,  and I saw that both of them had taken advantage of the Affordable Care  Act to make themselves accountable care organizations, ACOs, and they  have used the powers and they have used the shared savings under those  programs to change the way they deliver medicine.   What they show is that their price, their annual cost of service per  patient, is actually going down. They are delivering care more  efficiently and they are getting to illnesses earlier. They are not  just churning the wheel of bill and pay, bill and pay, bill and pay;  they are actually managing their patients' health. We hit this  wonderful sweet spot where the patients are healthier and the patients  are way happier because they are getting better service, and the cost  per patient in these practices is coming down. So if that is taken  away, we reverse that effect. It is plausible to think that those costs  will start going back up again. Why would we want to undo a method that  has helped local practices improve the quality of care, reduce the cost  of care, and serve their patients better? The ACO program is part of  the Affordable Care Act.   The last thing is that around here, we try to defend Medicare. One of  the achievements of the Affordable Care Act was that it extended the  solvency of Medicare out to 2028. Undo this bill and there will be a  direct hit on Medicare's solvency. It will come roaring back.   So when you put what the Republican Senators on the Budget Committee  said with such vehemence and alarm about the debt and the deficit  beside the use to which they have put the reconciliation process, which  was designed to be used to reduce the debt and the deficit, and you  look at how  [[Page S44]]  that actually plays out through the health care system--increasing the  costs of what would have been accountable care organizations, if that  gets undone; lifting back up, presumably, Medicare costs that in the  outyears were reduced because of this; and shrinking the time that  Medicare stands as solvent--if that is not a hit on Medicare, I don't  know what is.   The other piece in this process that bears on this is that during the  period that these very dramatic concerns were being expressed about the  debt and the deficit, the same party that was enunciating those  concerns and those threats to our American society and solvency was  defending all of the loopholes in the Tax Code. We tried and tried to  find a loophole that our Republican friends would be willing to let go  of, and we couldn't find a single one that I recall. Even President  Trump is interested in trying to get rid of the carried interest  loophole that lets hedge fund billionaires pay lower tax rates than  brick masons, but could we get an agreement on that from our colleagues  on the other side? No. They wouldn't touch it.   I hope that as we go forward, we can find a way to bring tax  expenditures lined up with appropriated expenditures under the purview  of the committee, but so far we have been unable to do that despite  repeated bipartisan testimony that a tax expenditure is just the same  as an appropriated expenditure in so far as it affects the debt and  deficit--no difference--bipartisan testimony, clear on the record. The  difference is that behind a great many of these lucrative tax loopholes  that are baked into the Tax Code and that survive year after year after  year is a special interest, whether it is somebody trying to depreciate  their private jet more rapidly than an airline can depreciate passenger  aircraft, whether it is the carried interest loophole that puts, very  likely, the billionaire getting out of his limousine in front of his  New York apartment in a lower tax rate than the guy holding the  umbrella over his head, the doorman. How fair is that? But that is the  status of the tax law. We couldn't get anybody to budge on that because  there are obviously big, powerful interests who don't want to see that  messed with. Why should they pay taxes like ordinary people when they  are superwealthy immortals who can buy themselves politicians?   So the ironies of the party that declaimed about debt and deficit  with such vehemence through so many hearings, with so much blame on  President Obama even though it was carried-forward Bush policies they  were defending that were driving so much of that debt--to have that  group of people now come and use the reconciliation process designed  and intended to address the debt and the deficit instead to try to  repeal but not replace ObamaCare in ways that I think can be very  fairly projected to raise Medicare costs, reduce Medicare solvency, and  undo a good deal of the savings that doctors and taxpayers have shared  from hard-working practices like Rhode Island Primary Care Physicians  and Coastal Medical in Rhode Island, which have relied on the ACO  provisions in the Affordable Care Act to get those savings--who wants  to undo that? It makes no sense, and least of all, it makes no budget  sense because those outyear health care costs will come home into the  budget in those outyears. Of course, you compound that with the fact  that no tax loophole is to be touched. No tax loophole can be  addressed. No revenue can be generated by closing the carried interest  loophole, closing the private jet deduction, closing the tax benefits  for the fossil fuel industry, which is making more money than any  industry has in history and hardly needs the support of the poor  American taxpayer. But, no, big special interests have big tax breaks,  and they are going to be protected at all costs. That is really where  we are on this.   I understand we used reconciliation to move ObamaCare. It did, in  fact, do the job of reducing the deficit, I believe. Undoing it goes in  the opposite direction, but there is a certain ``what is good for the  goose is good for the gander'' equivalence about using that to undo  what we did. I get that. But if we are really serious about addressing  the debt and deficit, then we shouldn't be using the reconciliation  process, which is designed to reduce them both, to attack a health care  program whose effect has been to reduce them both. That is where we  stand right now.   In the months ahead, I hope we will be able to look at tax  expenditures. More money goes out the back door through tax  expenditures than gets spent on some of our biggest programs. It is a  huge loophole, and within it are a lot of very unattractive special  interest special provisions--loopholes in the worst sense of the word.  We don't want to touch them because nobody dares to touch the special  interests behind them.   So that is where we are. I hope we can make real progress on the debt  and the deficit and stop defending private jet reductions, stop  defending fossil fuel subsidies, stop defending billionaire special tax  breaks, and actually put the debt and the deficit that America faces  first rather than having conversations about that being window dressing  until you get a Republican President, and then you go completely  haywire, using the reconciliation process to undo health care laws,  raise Medicare costs, and undo the ACO program that has been so  effective in my State.   I see the junior Senator from Utah is presiding, and I know that Utah  and Intermountain have some of the best health care work being done on  delivery system reform, and it would surprise me very much if the  leaders at Intermountain in Utah were excited about undoing the  delivery system reform provisions of Obamacare. The Innovation Center  at the Centers for Medicare Services, the ACO provisions, the  provisions for shared savings between doctors and the taxpayer when  savings accrue because of better practices, the changes toward better  models of payment--I would be very surprised if they were very  enthusiastic about undoing those.   But, as I said, this is where we are, and I will close my remarks,  and I hope that soon, once this exercise is over, we can actually get  serious about closing loopholes and reducing the debt and reducing the  deficit--the nominal cause of the Republicans on the Budget Committee.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time  be evenly divided between the two sides during the quorum call.    With that understanding, I suggest the absence of a  quorum, with the time divided equally between the two sides.   