 Madam President, I would like to thank the Senator from  Washington State and the Senator from Michigan for allowing me to sneak  in here quickly.   I thank the Senator from Utah for his comments.    I yield to the chairman of the committee.    Mr. President, I say thank you to my colleague for  yielding to me a little bit out of line.   I think one thing we don't do nearly a good enough job at around  here--and not just in Washington, DC, but in schools across America--is  reflect on the basic civics we have inherited and the constitutional  structure of checks and balances and why we have a limited government.  I think Judge Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court and, frankly,  more narrowly, the media cycles of today, give us a special opportunity  to pause and to do a little bit of civics again.   Judge Gorsuch is tough, smart, fairminded, independent, and he is a  person who has taken an oath of office to a Constitution of limits.  That is exactly the sort of thing we should be affirming and  celebrating around here. I think that everyone on both sides of the  aisle in this body should be celebrating Judge Gorsuch and what he  believes about a constitutional system that has limits. And defending  your own branch--the Founders envisioned a world where these three  branches would be jealous of their own prerogatives--defending your own  branch is not to attack another branch.   As I read the media reports this morning of who said what to whom and  who shouted at whom and who argued about what, what if we just paused  and reflected again on what it means to believe in a constitution that  has three separate but equal branches that are supposed to check and  balance one another?   After seeing some media reports this morning, I looked and I happened  to have on my desk the breast-pocket card that was in my suit 2 days  ago when I met with the judge, and I asked him about the comments  coming from the White House criticizing a so-called judge. I wish to  share with this body some of the comments the judge made to me when I  asked him what he thought about the criticism of the so-called judge,  because we don't have so-called judges, we don't have so-called  Presidents, and we don't have so-called Senators; we have people from  three branches who have taken an oath to a constitution.   So here is some of what the judge told me when I asked him what he  thought about those comments. He got a little bit emotional, and he  said that any attack or any criticism of his brothers and sisters of  the robe is an attack or a criticism on everybody wearing the robe as a  judge.   I think that is something this body should be pretty excited to hear  someone who has been nominated to the High Court say.   He said that it is incredibly disheartening to hear things that might  undermine the credibility and the independence of the judiciary. He  said that it is completely legitimate for all of us to vigorously  debate individual opinions. We should argue about opinions. We can  argue as citizens about cases. We can argue in this legislative branch  or the executive branch can argue about the merits of particular  opinions and yet we want to affirm the three branches.   So he said it is disheartening for us to do anything that would  undermine that.   He then pointed me back to his comments at the White House the night  he was nominated, and so I went back and looked at his comments, and  the very first people he thanked when he had been nominated to the  Court were--he said: I want to celebrate the judges of America who are  the ``unsung heroes of the rule of law'' in this country. He called the  judges ``unsung heroes of the rule of law.''   He said: An independent judiciary has got to be tough. It is not my  job as a nominee to the Court and it is not the job of any other judge  to comment on particular cases, and it is not the job of judges to play  politics or to hold press conferences talking about politics, but we  can recognize that historically the other two branches are often wary  of times when the Court asserts its prerogatives.   He said: For instance, Thomas Jefferson didn't like Marbury v.  Madison, and it was completely legitimate for President Jefferson to  criticize and argue about the merits of the Marbury v. Madison decision  even as we do the important civics work of reaffirming these three  separate but equal branches.   Frankly, I think that everybody in this body ought to be celebrating  the nomination of a guy who is out there affirming three separate but  equal branches and the independence of the judiciary. We should want to  see the executive branch checked, and, frankly, if we really love  America, as I know people in this body do, we should want to see our  own powers limited because it is fundamentally American to be skeptical  of the consolidation of power.   Our Founders divided power and checked and balanced each of the other  branches because they were skeptical of what people in power might  ultimately do.   Sadly, there are some on the other side of the aisle today--and I  think many are going to give him a fair shake, but there are some on  the other side of the aisle who decided they want to reflexively attack  Judge Gorsuch. So it is like the Keystone Kops trying to run around and  figure out which story you want to label him with. I hear some people  saying: Well, Gorsuch was nominated by this President and a bunch of  people don't like this President; therefore, he couldn't possibly be  independent, he would be a puppet. There are other people saying in  these private meetings allegedly Gorsuch has rented a plane and taken  out a skywriting script and he is out there saying ``I hate Donald  Trump. I hate Donald Trump.'' That is nonsense. Neither of those things  is true. He is not a puppet, and he is not out there attacking the  President of the United States. He is meeting with us, trying to  explain his view of an independent judiciary. He is trying to affirm  the same constitutional oath of office that all of us in this body have  taken.   I think it is high-time in this body that we get beyond reflexive  partisanship of ``Republicans are for Republicans if they have the same  label'' and ``Democrats are against Republicans''  [[Page S995]]  and vice versa. Our job fundamentally in this body is an oath that we  have taken to three separate but equal branches. I think what we are  hearing in these private meetings with Judge Gorsuch and what I am sure  he is going to say when he speaks for himself publicly before the  Judiciary Committee--what we are hearing from him is a guy who believes  in three separate but equal branches and is skeptical of the  consolidation of power because he understands why America has limited  government. That is the kind of person we should be celebrating having  been nominated to the Court.   