 Mr. President, I am on the floor this afternoon to mark 5  years since the unthinkable--since 20 6-year-olds and 7-year-olds and 6  of their educators were killed in an elementary school in Connecticut.  It changed the town of Newtown. It changed this country in the way that  we think about gun violence. And it certainly changed me. I want to  offer a few thoughts today as we once again memorialize those beautiful  children whose lives were cut far, far too short.   It is easy to spend today--especially those of us who come from  Connecticut, who are very intimately connected to the tragedy and to  those families--drowning in sadness. There is really no way to conceive  of what it is like as a parent to lose a child that young, in that  manner, in 5 short minutes in a hail of bullets emanating from a  tactical assault weapon. Twenty kids who had just walked into their  classroom, bright and cheery, were gone.   It is easy to hang your head, thinking of all of the things that  haven't happened. I have been down to this floor over 50 times, often  at my wit's end, raising my voice at my colleagues in frustration at  our quiet and unintentional endorsement of the slaughter that happens  in this country because we haven't passed a single piece of legislation  trying to make sense of our Nation's gun laws. In fact, to the extent  we have made changes in gun laws, it has compounded the problem, not  remedied it.   But I want to spend my brief time here today not focusing on the  sadness of today--it is there; it is inescapable--and not focusing on  what we haven't done but focusing on so many miracles, big ones and  small ones, that have occurred in and around the lives of those who  have been affected in Newtown, CT, over the last 5 years.    First, there are these individual miracles that have happened within  these families. Again, very few people understand the kind of crippling  pain that comes with this loss. While these families will never be the  same, they have found ways to rebound. They have found ways to still  capture joy in their lives. Some have added to their numbers by  welcoming new children into their family since then. They have  rediscovered passions. They have made sure that the surviving  children--the siblings--have been able to live lives of optimism rather  than live lives of perpetual fear.   I have gotten to know so many of these families. The parents and the  kids are now close, personal friends of mine. Watching the rebirth of  these families instills a sense of faith in the human spirit that is  hard to explain. Those are small miracles, but they are important ones  to remember on this 5-year anniversary.   The miracles also come in ways that lives have been changed and saved  through the efforts that have sprung forth out of this tragedy. So many  of the families joined together with their friends and started up small  charitable organizations in the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting, trying  to find a way to take the beauty of these kids and transfer it to  others. They are almost too numerable to mention.   The Ana Grace Project gives out a scholarship every year at Western  Connecticut State University for incoming freshmen who are interested  in studying music because for her whole life, Ana Grace was surrounded  by music.   The Vicki Soto Memorial Fund donates five books every year to every  K-6 classroom in her hometown of Stratford. She was one of the  teachers--heroes of that day. Kids have the opportunity to read and to  learn to love reading--which is what she taught to these kindergarten  kids--because of her foundation.   The Charlotte Helen Bacon Foundation pays for therapy dogs for kids  and families in need, reflecting Charlotte's love of dogs.   The Catherine Violet Hubbard Foundation opened an animal sanctuary on  32 acres in Newtown to help animals that had been rescued from abusive  or neglectful environments because of Catherine's love of animals.   The list goes on and on. These are small, beautiful miracles that are  happening all across Connecticut and all across the country in trying  to honor the memory of these kids and their educators.   Then there are miracles that have happened in the context of public  policy. A year ago this week, I sat at the White House with a few of  the Sandy Hook parents, quietly in the back of an auditorium, as  President Obama signed into law the 2016 Mental Health Reform Act,  which would not have become law without the input and activism of the  Sandy Hook parents and many other survivors of gun violence.   Our gun violence problem is not a mental health problem, per se.  There is no inherent connection between mental illness and gun  violence. But there is no mistaking that the shooter in Newtown--as has  been the case in so many other of these mass slaughters--had deep  mental health problems that went untreated. There have been public  policy victories.   So today, on the 5-year anniversary, I hope that my friends here will  celebrate these small but meaningful miracles that have happened over  the last 5 years, and I hope that you will be reminded that we cannot  take one day or one moment for granted. Those moms and dads who sent  their kids to school that morning never imagined that would be the last  time they would be able to interact with their children. So none of us  should think that we will have another chance to say what we want to  say to somebody we care about. None of us should think we can put off  saying ``I love you'' for another moment. Those small things that we do  for each other matter desperately.   I think about one story that I will leave you with from that morning.  Daniel Barden is one of the young boys killed in that elementary  school. His older brother went to school at a different time than he  did. He would get up earlier and go down to the bus stop earlier than  Daniel would, so they normally wouldn't really see each other in the  morning. For some reason, the morning of the shooting at Sandy Hook,  Daniel got up earlier than he normally did. He saw that his brother was  at the end of the driveway waiting for the bus. He ran out of the house  and down the driveway to say goodbye to his brother--goodbye for the  day. It was just a small, tiny act of kindness that Daniel thought  probably would be forgotten by his brother by the end of that day, but  it has meant the world to that family, the idea that Daniel got the  chance to walk down the driveway and say goodbye to his brother before  he went to school that day and never came back.   Don't ever think you will have another chance to say what you want to  say to a loved one, to someone who means something in your life.   A few months ago, one of the Sandy Hook parents arrived unexpectedly  in my office. I got word from the front desk that she was there. She  just wanted to stop in for a few minutes. I said: Of course, send her  back. This mom had lost her child. I have come to know her very well.  She burst into my office and she flung her arms around me and she  whispered into my ear: Keep going. She unclasped her arms and looked at  me and said: That is all I wanted to come and tell you. After a few  pleasantries, she walked out the door.   Keep going. That is what Newtown has done over the last 5 years. That  is what those families have found the courage to do over the last half  a decade.   For those of us who believe the laws of this country must change in  order to protect kids like those who lost their lives in Sandy Hook, it  is what we do. As we mark 5 years since the violence at Sandy Hook  Elementary School, we keep going.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S8033]]        