 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Donovan for his support.   I rise today in support of H.R. 2182, to prevent the sale of Plum  Island by the Federal Government to the highest bidder.   Situated at the gateway of the Long Island Sound, I personally had  the pleasure of visiting this treasured island.   In addition to being a critical resource for research, approximately  90 percent of the land on Plum Island has been sheltered from  development, offering Long Island a diverse wildlife and ecosystem and  critical habitat for migratory birds, marine mammals, and rare plants.   Plum Island is also an essential cultural and historical resource as  well, with recorded history dating back to the 1700s.   The island held the U.S. military's Fort Terry, a coastal defense  fortification, which was used through the end of World War II.   Since then, Plum Island has been utilized as a research laboratory  and has since grown to become what is known today as the Plum Island  Animal Disease Center.   In 2005, the Department of Homeland Security, which currently has  jurisdiction over the island, announced that the Animal Disease Center  research would be moved to a new Federal facility, the National Bio and  Agro-Defense Facility, NBAF, in Kansas.   To offset the cost of this relocation, a law was enacted that called  for the private sale of Plum Island by the Federal Government to the  highest bidder.   However, because of the costs associated with the cleanup and closure  of Plum Island, and because of local zoning restrictions, the Federal  Government would receive little compensation for the sale of Plum  Island.   Also, in the 12 years since the move to Kansas was approved, the new  facility in Kansas is already fully paid for by a combination of  Federal appropriations and State and private funds.   Allowing for continued research, public access, and permanent  preservation of the island, H.R. 2182 will suspend the laws passed in  2008 and 2011 that mandated the public sale of Plum Island.   This bill will commission the Government Accountability Office, in  consultation with the Department of Homeland Security, which currently  owns the island, to formulate a comprehensive plan for the future of  the island.   It requires the plan focus on conservation, education, and research  and include alternative uses for the island, including a transfer of  ownership to another Federal agency, the State or  [[Page H6241]]  local government, a nonprofit, or a combination thereof.   In the 114th Congress, this bill passed the House unanimously with  bipartisan support as H.R. 1887.   My amendment to the Financial Services and General Government  Appropriations Act of 2017, H.R. 5485, which would have prohibited any  of the funding within the appropriations bill to market or sell Plum  Island, also passed the House as well.   I would like to thank the other Members of Congress who have  cosponsored this legislation and lent their support to this cause,  especially my colleagues from Connecticut, Congressman Joe Courtney and  Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro.   I would also like to thank House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy for  bringing this bill to the floor, House Homeland Security Chairman  Michael McCaul, and all of the local elected officials, groups, and  concerned residents on Long Island who have taken an issue on this  important issue.    This bill is endorsed by the Preserve Plum Island Coalition, an  alliance of over 65 community and environmental groups in New York and  Connecticut, focused on the conservation of this island.   I am proud to work alongside all of these great individuals and  groups as we strive to save Plum Island.   Since taking office in 2015, one of my highest local priorities has  been to protect Plum Island. Preserving this island's natural beauty,  while maintaining a research mission, will continue to provide  important economic and environmental benefits for Long Island.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in support of  this critical bill, as well as for the Senate to pass this legislation,  so it may be signed into law this year.   