 Mr. President, Congress created the Small Business  Administration in 1953 to ``aid, counsel, assist and protect, insofar  as is possible, the interests of small business concerns.'' The SBA now  provides financial assistance, help with Federal contract procurement,  and management assistance. The agency makes specialized outreach to  women, minorities, and veterans. SBA also provides loans to victims of  natural disasters and specialized advice and assistance in  international trade.   The President has nominated Linda McMahon to run the SBA. Mrs.  McMahon and her husband founded Titan Sports in 1980. The business grew  dramatically under their leadership. Mrs. McMahon became president in  1993 and CEO of the company in 1997. The company became World Wrestling  Entertainment and then simply WWE.   Unfortunately, the McMahons appear to have grown their business at  least in part using business practices that disadvantaged their  employees. The Connecticut Post and the Hartford Courant reported that  WWE did not offer its wrestlers health insurance, as McMahon argued the  company's wrestlers were independent contractors. And the Connecticut  Post reported that Connecticut audited McMahon's company to determine  if WWE improperly classified employees as independent contractors.   An investigation led by Representative Henry Waxman found that  McMahon's WWE did not do enough to prevent steroid use. Representative  Waxman's committee found that, at one point, 40 percent of WWE's  wrestlers tested positive for steroids and other drugs, even after  being warned in advance that they were going to be tested. A WWE  ``house doctor'' was reportedly convicted and sentenced to prison for  steroid trafficking. And the New York Daily News reported that an  Albany district attorney probe into a widespread Internet doping  scandal involved several WWE wrestlers.   And more than 50 former professional wrestlers sued McMahon's WWE,  charging that the company was responsible for repeated head trauma that  they suffered, often involving specific moves scripted and  choreographed by WWE.   The SBA needs strong leadership to advance the interests of our  Nation's hard-working small businesses, but it does not need a leader  who will advance profits at workers' expense. Mrs. McMahon's business  experience leads me to be concerned that she will not put people over  profits, and thus, I must oppose the nomination.   