 Mr. Chairman, I support the regular review of  regulations to ensure that they are still relevant to our ever-changing  economy.   Unfortunately, the retrospective review requirement in H.R. 78 is  counterproductive and places heavy administrative burdens on the  Securities and Exchange Commission, an already overburdened and  underfunded regulator.  [[Page H430]]    Specifically, it required the Commission to review all of its rules  within 1 year of an enactment, and to constantly review its rules every  5 years thereafter, regardless of whether there is any cause for  concern with a particular regulation. I find this appalling.   That means the Commission will have to go back to 1934 and review  every single rule, even ones industry likes and rules that have made  our capital markets the envy of the world.   Today the SEC has a number of formal and informal processes for  intelligently identifying rules for review. For example, the Regulatory  Flexibility Act requires the SEC to conduct a 10-year retrospective  rule review, and the Paperwork Reduction Act requires periodic reviews  of information collection burdens.   Under the Regulatory Flexibility Act, the SEC publishes a plan to  look at rules that have a significant economic impact on smaller  businesses, inviting public comment on the rules, including how it  could be amended to reduce the impact of many small businesses within  my district and certainly around the country.   In addition, the SEC has been conducting several broad-based reviews  of rules on its own accord related to issuer disclosure, equity market  structure, and even the definition of what an accredited investor is.   As an already cash-strapped agency, the SEC, tasked with such an  onerous retrospective rule review required by H.R. 78, would be forced  to divert already scarce resources from other important tasks,  including policing the markets for fraud and stopping bad actors before  they can drain the life savings of investors and many retirees in my  district and around the country. This is our seniors we are talking  about.   Looking at the bill as a whole, it appears that this is the point of  the legislation: rather than have the SEC focus on its mission to  protect investors and support many small businesses, H.R. 78 focuses on  the burdens of the financial industry and repealing those rules.   I oppose this bill.   