 Mr. President, ObamaCare was imposed on our country 7  long years ago. It has been hurting the people we represent ever since.  Families were supposed to spend less on healthcare costs. They actually  paid more. Families were supposed to have more healthcare choices. They  ended up with fewer, sometimes none at all.   Worse still, for many years, we had an administration that often  waived away the concerns of middle-class families who were hurting.  Today, we thankfully have an administration that has chosen instead to  listen and agrees with us that Americans deserve a lot better.   I appreciate the efforts of the administration at every step of the  process to move beyond the failures of ObamaCare. The President, the  Vice President, Secretary Price, Administrator Verma, so many others-- we thank them for all the work they have done so far. We look forward  to continuing these collaborative efforts when we travel to the White  House later today because we have a very important task before us.   As I announced last evening, after consulting with both the White  House and our Members, we have decided to hold a vote to open debate on  ObamaCare repeal early next week. The ObamaCare repeal legislation will  ensure a stable 2-year transition period, which will allow us to wipe  the slate clean and start over with real patient-centered healthcare  reform. This is the same legislation that a majority of the Senate  voted to send to the President in 2015. Now we thankfully have a  President in office who will sign it, so we should send it to him.   Mr. President, today the Senate will vote to move forward on the  nomination of John Bush, of Kentucky, to serve as a judge on the Sixth  Circuit Court of Appeals.   As I said when I introduced Mr. Bush to the Judiciary Committee, I am  pleased to join the bipartisan chorus of voices supporting his  nomination. More than 100 lawyers and law professors from around the  country have written in support of his nomination. Nearly one-third of  those supporters are Democrats. They laud Mr. Bush's ``excellence,  professionalism, and leadership in the legal profession.'' They also  note his ``capacity to approach issues with an open mind and to  respectfully consider the viewpoints of others.''   In addition, some of his supporters from across the ideological  spectrum and from around the country who have known Mr. Bush for  decades have written separately to underscore their support for his  nomination. They are confident he understands the role of a judge,  which is to fairly consider the arguments of both sides in a case and  then to decide that case based on the law and nothing else. Indeed, it  is precisely because of his firm belief in the rule of law that they  strongly support his nomination, despite the fact that he and they may  hold different political and policy views.   As an illustration, I think we can all agree it is not common for  current or former leaders of Planned Parenthood  [[Page S4062]]  to praise judicial nominees of Republican Presidents, just as it is not  common for me to quote leaders of that organization.   More than one has praised the President's nomination of John Bush  because of his fairness, thoughtfulness, and respect for the views of  others, regardless of his personal opinions. For instance, Christie  Moore is on the board of directors of Planned Parenthood of Indiana and  Kentucky. She has practiced law with Mr. Bush for nearly two decades.  She is ``confident'' that ``he will follow the rule of law regardless  of his personal or political opinions. In my experience, John naturally  approaches issues with an open mind and has always been respectful of  differing viewpoints. In fact, I am a living example of John's ability  to seek out and respect differing viewpoints and opinions. John and I  come from opposite ends of the political spectrum--I am a life-long  registered Democrat and proudly approach life and politics as a  Democrat. Yet John and I have practiced closely together and enjoy a  strong and respectful relationship.''   She concludes: ``I can personally attest John is a consummate  professional, and I believe he will be a tremendous asset to the  federal court of appeals.''   Her law firm colleague, Janet Jakubowicz, similarly explains why Mr.  Bush will do an outstanding job on the Sixth Circuit. She states that  he ``has shown himself to have both the legal ability and temperament  to be an outstanding judge.''   She writes it is precisely because she is a ``long time registered  Democrat'' that she can say ``with extreme confidence'' that John Bush  ``approaches issues with an open mind and has always been respectful of  differing viewpoints'' and that he will make decisions on the bench  ``in the same manner, and follow the rule of law regardless of his  personal or political opinions.''   Sheryl Snyder, also from my hometown, notes that he and Mr. Bush  ``come from different political parties and have different perspectives  on many political issues.'' Mr. Snyder says that he is ``a Member of  the American Civil Liberties Union, and not the Federalist Society.''  Nevertheless, he has ``every confidence that as a Court of Appeals  Judge, John will scrupulously follow the law and apply precedent.'' He  notes that Mr. Bush is ``well known . . . as an experienced, capable,  ethical litigator'' and that ``his knowledge of the law is  unquestioned.''   Praise for Mr. Bush is not confined to those from the Commonwealth of  Kentucky, however. Ted Boutrous, Jr. practices law in Los Angeles.  Among other matters, Mr. Boutrous represented the plaintiffs in their  challenge to California's Proposition 8. He has known John Bush for a  quarter century. He writes that ``while we come from different  political parties . . . I am certain John will make an absolutely  superb Circuit Judge. He is an extraordinary lawyer and an  exceptionally fair, decent, and honest person. I have every confidence  that as a judge, John will scrupulously follow the law and Constitution  and precedent.''   Mr. Bush has received numerous professional awards. For instance, the  Best Lawyers in America named him the ``Louisville Litigation-Antitrust  Lawyer of the Year in 2017,'' this year. Last year, the same  organization recognized him as the ``Louisville Appellate Practice  Lawyer of the Year.'' He has been included on the Kentucky Super  Lawyers list every year for the last decade.   Beginning in 2012, the Sixth Circuit appointed him to serve on its  advisory committee on rules, in recognition of his in-depth knowledge  of the court's practice and procedure.   In sum, as evidenced by the impressive testimonials of those who  actually know him, John Bush is a man of integrity and considerable  ability. He will do an outstanding job on the Sixth Circuit.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  recess from 1:45 p.m. until 4 p.m.; further, that all time during  morning business, recess, adjournment, and leader remarks count  postcloture on the nomination.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Thursday, July 20; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following  leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume  consideration of the Bush nomination; further, that all postcloture  time on the Bush nomination expire at 12:15 p.m.; finally, that  notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote with  respect to the Bernhardt nomination occur at 1:45 p.m. tomorrow.   