 Mr. Speaker, I thank my great colleague from the Virgin  Islands for the great introduction. I really appreciate her leadership,  and my colleague from Texas' leadership.   This discussion that we have been having is relating to the  President's 100 days. And I think it is 102 at this particular point.   The question that I and members of the Congressional Black Caucus  have constantly been raising is: What do we have to lose with President  Trump's cuts to the EPA?   As I always said: What don't we have to lose?   We have a lot to lose.   In the time that I met with the organization in my community--a  number of organizations--called Mothers for Clean Air, they were  extremely concerned about the cuts to the EPA. The President's budget  cuts $2.6 billion from the EPA budget. They were concerned about the  impact that that would have. As a matter of fact, I talked to a mother  who talked about her twins and what kind of effect that would have.   The President wants to cut programs like Pollution Prevention  Programs, Lead Risk Reduction Programs--which has been a problem in the  case of the city of Philadelphia, a problem that we thought we dealt  with, but with a cut on the lead reduction program, that would just  reinforce the program--the Water Quality Research Programs, and the  Environmental Education Programs.   Who do you want to help when you cut 31 percent of the EPA budget?   No one. The cuts would be horrendous and have a dangerous negative  impact on not only our communities of color, but everyone nationwide.   Two weeks ago I sent a letter to EPA Administrator Pruitt outlining  how the plan to cut fundamental EPA programs would have a negative  impact on our children and most vulnerable in Philadelphia, all across  the State and the Nation.   Last week marks 3 weeks--3 years, I should say, since the city of  Flint, Michigan, decided to switch their water supply from the Detroit  area water system to the Flint River water system, which resulted in  lead contamination within the city. It is 3 years later and, sadly, not  much has changed for the communities in Flint. Three days is too long  to go without clean drinking water. Three years is simply  heartbreaking.   Mr. President, we have seen how various communities across the U.S.  are at greater risk of health problems due to overexposure to unsafe  drinking water. Now is no time to cut funding for Americans in need.   As Questlove says: ``Without science, we are truly operating  blindly.''   The cuts to the EPA would have an increasingly harmful impact,  especially for communities of color and hardworking families who do not  have the means nor the resources to fight back against their local  governments about the safety of the water they drink or question old  paint in their house.   According to the State Department of Health, in 2014, more than 10  percent of the children from Philadelphia had elevated levels of lead  in their blood because they were exposed to lead-based paint. Exposure  to lead-based paint is a chronic problem that goes undiscussed too  often.   No level is safe for our children to be exposed to, just as no level  of lead is safe for our children to drink.  [[Page H2999]]    Yet, the President says rather boldly that things are moving in the  right direction. I would like to know what community he is talking  about. He clearly couldn't be talking about the community that I am  from.   Now, more than ever, we need to keep the resistance alive, speak up  and speak out for our communities at risk. I will not stand silent  while the vital EPA programs that protect and enhance the lives of all  Americans are at risk of being cut. Together, we are the voice of the  people, so there is no way we will be silent. We will continue this  message.   