 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that H.R. 590,  the Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2017, be discharged  from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and  referred to the Committee on Environment and Public Works.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  S. Res. 44 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    Madam President, I further ask unanimous consent that  the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  S. Res. 45 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee be discharged from  further consideration of S. Res. 47 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed  to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 58, submitted earlier  today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed  to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Chair  lay before the Senate H. Con. Res. 18, which was received from the  House.    I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution  be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon, Monday,  February 13; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be  deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the  time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day;  further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive  session to resume consideration of the Mnuchin nomination as under the  previous order.    Madam President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 2:09 p.m., adjourned until  Monday, February 13, 2017, at 12 noon.   