 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Fort Worth (Mr.  Veasey). I was looking forward to a potential clash with his team next  week, but I guess you have to get out of Green Bay before you can go to  Dallas.   Mr. Speaker, the job of the U.S. Attorney General is to protect the  rights and freedoms of every single American. Senator Sessions' record  and public statements suggest that, if confirmed, he will not uphold  our Constitution's values of fairness, justice, and equality for all.  Since the election, President-elect Trump's victory has been marred by  allegations of voter intimidation and suppression in key States.   It is clear that we need to restore the full protections of the  Voting Rights Act. Yet, Senator Sessions has called the Voting Rights  Act an intrusive piece of legislation. When he was the United States  Attorney in west Alabama, Senator Sessions used the power of his office  to intimidate and dissuade African American voters.   Americans recognize the need for Congress to find a bipartisan  solution to immigration reform. Yet, Senator Sessions has been one of  the loudest opponents of comprehensive immigration reform. He has even  fought against legal immigration, arguing, instead, for immigration  moderation.   Americans also recognize the dire need for criminal justice reform.  Yet, Senator Sessions has opposed bipartisan legislation to modernize  prison sentencing for low-level drug offenders.   On every measure, Senator Sessions has shown that he will be  detrimental to African Americans and other minority communities as our  Nation's next Attorney General.   The next Attorney General must build on the progress of the last few  years under Attorney General Lynch and Attorney General Holder. He or  she must safeguard civil rights, prosecute hate crimes, protect the  right of due process, and uphold the Constitution and our basic values  and freedoms.   Every indication is that Senator Sessions is too extreme and  unwilling to protect the safety and the rights of every American. If  confirmed as U.S. Attorney General, Senator Sessions will pose a grave  threat to our justice system and to the communities that system is  meant to protect. His ideologies are in direct contrast with the  Justice Department's mission.   