 Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, 100 years ago today, Lions Clubs  International was created in Chicago, IL, and today the Senate is  considering adoption of this resolution, S. Res. 174, commemorating  this tremendous occasion. One hundred years later, Lions Clubs  International is the world's largest service club, with more than 1.4  million members who participate in more than 46,000 clubs across the  globe.   In my State of Kansas alone, we have more than 270 Lions Clubs, and I  have been a member of Lions Clubs since I graduated from college, went  to work, and got involved in the community. I have seen firsthand how  Lions Clubs make a significant difference in the communities they are  in, as well as their reach around the globe in addressing problems in  their communities and humanitarian needs around the world. Lions are  committed to caring for those less fortunate, from young to old, and  they do so in a way that shows care and compassion. It is all about the  right motivation. They care about people, and they make a difference.  It is this selfless service and commitment to a greater good that is  needed in our country today.   In the face of serious challenges, I believe those who volunteer  their time and their resources in community civic clubs, not-for- profits, schools and fundraisers, in churches and charities are the  ones who have the greatest impact on people's lives. This kind of  involvement at the local level has the potential to make meaningful and  tangible differences in the lives of people around us, perhaps more so  than even the best intentioned Federal programs that come from the  Nation's Capital. I am of the view that we change the world one soul,  one person at a time, and it happens in Lions Clubs and their efforts  in their communities and globally every day.   Over their 100 years of existence, the Lions Clubs have supported the  blind, encouraged the young, provided relief to those struck by  tragedy, and fought to eradicate disease. They have contributed  hundreds of millions of dollars to humanitarian work internationally  and are committed to serving 100 million people around the globe.   As we reflect upon all the good that has come from the last 100 years  among Lions Clubs members, may our commitment to our neighbors, our  communities, and our fellow men and women be strengthened and renewed.  Today, Lions Clubs begin another century of service to others as they  seek out ways to better our world.   I offer my congratulations to Bob Corlew of Milton, TN, who is the  international president, and I welcome Lions members from around the  globe as they gather in Chicago later this month for their  international convention. From 100 years ago in Chicago to this month,  100 years in which they celebrate their birth, the Lions Clubs motto is  ``We serve.''   