 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support H.R. 338, a bipartisan jobs bill to promote a 21st century  energy and manufacturing workforce.   By and large, we all share the same goals of creating more jobs and  building a healthy economy; but, as we have seen too often in  Washington, progress can get caught up in partisan gridlock. I am  focused on cutting through the partisanship and the noise and finding  commonsense solutions to the problems our country faces. H.R. 338 is a  prime example of that.   Much like the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act  that I was honored to help get signed into law several years ago, H.R.  338 strengthens job training programs--specifically in the energy and  manufacturing industries--to invest in our workforce. This legislation  will help connect individuals with job training programs while also  making current programs more efficient, and it takes important steps to  increase opportunities for women, veterans, and minorities.   As I have traveled across my district, I have seen firsthand just how  effective local, high-skilled job training programs can be:   In Kannapolis, Rowan-Cabarrus Community College has partnered with  A.L. Brown High School on a welding program that will open doors for so  many students;   At both Stanly Community College and Sandhills Community College, the  advanced manufacturing programs are the critical training grounds for  high-skilled manufacturing workers;   At Fayetteville Tech, veterans get the support and the skills they  need to find meaningful employment outside of the Armed Forces.   I want to thank Chairman Upton, Chairman Walden, and Ranking Member  Pallone for their support. I want to thank Ranking Member Bobby Rush  for his leadership and for working with me in a bipartisan manner for a  cause that is important to all of us, that is, to help people get back  to work.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and to  continue to stay focused on America's priorities: jobs and the economy.   