 Mr. President, I wish to speak for a few minutes about an  amendment I have offered to the National Defense Authorization Act. The  name of this amendment is the Due Process Guarantee Act.   Alexander Hamilton, writing in Federalist No. 84, called arbitrary  imprisonment one of the ``favorite and most formidable instruments of  tyrants.'' The Constitution includes safeguards against this form of  tyranny, including the right of habeas corpus and the guarantee that  American citizens will not be deprived of life, liberty, or property by  the government without due process of law. Our commitment to these  rights is tested from time to time. It is most tested in times of  crisis. We have not always passed these tests.   During the Second World War, President Franklin D. Roosevelt  unilaterally authorized the internment of over 100,000 Japanese  Americans for fear they would spy against the United States. The  government presented no evidence that these Americans posed any threat  to their country because the government had no evidence. Most of the  detainees were themselves native-born citizens of the United States of  America. Many had never even visited Japan during their entire lives.  That episode in our Nation's history is sadly personal to the State I  represent. The U.S. Government unjustly detained thousands of Japanese  Americans in Utah at the Topaz War Relocation Center.   Japanese-American internment is the most dramatic and shameful  instance of detention in our Nation's history, but it is far from the  only instance. In 1950, in a climate of intense fear about Communist  infiltration of government, Congress enacted the McCarran Internal  Security Act over the veto of President Harry Truman. That law  contained an emergency provision allowing the President to detain any  person he felt might spy on the United States.   More recently than that, in the post-9/11 era, there has been renewed  pressure to diminish our constitutional protections in the name of  security. Lawmakers from both parties have authorized the detention of  Americans suspected of terrorism without charge, without trial, and  without meeting the evidentiary standard required for every other  crime--potentially for life. In the National Defense Authorization Act  for Fiscal Year 2012, Congress authorized the indefinite military  detention of suspected terrorists, including American citizens arrested  on American soil.   These episodes--Japanese-American internment, the McCarran Internal  Security Act, and the NDAA for 2012--are teachable moments, if you  will. In all three cases, the United States faced real threats from  totalitarian foes--foes hostile to our very core values and ideals as a  nation. But instead of defying our foes by holding fast to our core  values, we jettisoned them in a panic. Fear and secrecy won out. The  Constitution and constitutional values lost.   Thankfully, that isn't the whole story, for there have also been  times when Americans have stood up for the Constitution in the face of  threats, thus sending a strong message to the totalitarian forces  arrayed against us. For instance, in 1971 Congress passed the Non- Detention Act, stating that ``[n]o citizen shall be imprisoned or  otherwise detained by the United States except pursuant to an Act of  Congress.''   Congress can make another stand for the Constitution by allowing a  vote on the bipartisan Due Process Guarantee Act, by correcting the  mistake--the very same mistake--it made in the NDAA for Fiscal Year  2012 and protecting Americans from indefinite detention by government.   What, one might ask, is the Due Process Guarantee Act? In short, the  amendment would raise the bar that the government has to clear in order  to indefinitely detain American citizens and lawful permanent residents  who are apprehended on U.S. soil. It would forbid the government from  justifying such detentions using general authorizations for the use of  military force, such as the 2001 AUMF against the 9/11 plotters.  Instead, the government would have to obtain explicit, written approval  from Congress before taking such action with regard to Americans if  they are detained within the United States.   The Due Process Guarantee Act is based on a simple premise: If the  government wants to take the extraordinary step of apprehending  Americans on U.S. soil without charge or trial, it has to get  extraordinary permission and should, at a bare minimum, require  [[Page S5738]]  an express act of Congress authorizing such extraordinary action. And  if my colleagues want to grant the government this power over their  constituents, they should authorize it themselves; they shouldn't hide  behind vague authorizations so the voting public doesn't know what they  are doing.   This begs the question whether we would ever want to do this--whether  we should ever do it. It is difficult for many of us to imagine any  circumstance in which anyone would want to authorize such extraordinary  action, but that is exactly the point--the point contemplated by the  suspension clause in the U.S. Constitution. If something like that is  going to be done, Congress needs to do it and needs to do it expressly  and identify exactly what the threat, the war, the insurrection is that  is being addressed.   I am offering this amendment because of my faith in our law  enforcement officers and judges. And I have great faith in those people  who fill those roles in our country, who have successfully apprehended  and prosecuted many homegrown terrorists. Their example to us proves  that our security is not dependent on a supercharged government and a  weakened constitution.   Moreover, we must remember that our security and our privacy are not  necessarily at odds with each other. Indeed, our privacy is part of our  security. It is part of what makes us secure. We can secure the  homeland without using the formidable instruments of tyrants.   It is with this objective in mind that I propose to my colleagues and  request the support of my colleagues for the Due Process Guarantee Act,  which should be adopted so as to make sure we are both free and safe,  while remaining secure.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   