 Mr. President, I would like to express my support for the  nomination of Linda McMahon to the position of Administrator of the  U.S. Small Business Administration.   Linda McMahon is an interesting candidate for this position. As the  cofounder and former CEO of the WWE, she built a small regional  business into an entertainment behemoth. Along the way she struggled to  meet payroll, market the business, learn State and Federal regulatory  regimes, manage a traveling workforce, learn new media platforms, and  navigate new revenue streams.   Each of these accomplishments is impressive. But what makes Linda  McMahon unique for this role is the fact that, on her path to success,  she made serious enough mistakes that she was forced to declare  personal bankruptcy and apply for government assistance. I think having  an Administrator who has started her own small business and met and  overcame significant challenges along her way is of tremendous value.  Having been in the trenches herself, she will really be able to  evaluate the efficacy of current small business programs, and she may  very well be able to suggest substantive improvements or even new  directions.   I was also particularly impressed with Mrs. McMahon's performance  during her confirmation hearing. When she knew the answer to a question  posed by a Senator, she answered it. When she didn't know the answer,  she said so. She appeared to have an open mind about issues and struck  me as sincerely interested in working on all issues with all of the  Senators, regardless of political or geographical affiliations.   Linda McMahon has expressed her interest in helping small businesses  thrive. She understands how difficult it can be for entrepreneurs to  access capital. She knows that small businesses have a hard time  competing for Federal contracts. She knows that small business owners  sometimes need advice and guidance--and she believes in the value of  training and support programs.   I support Linda McMahon's nomination because, not only is she  interested in having the job of Administrator, she appears to have  genuine interest in doing the job. She clearly enjoys using her  business skills and experience to mentor entrepreneurs, and I believe  that she will apply her tenacity to protecting and hopefully improving  Federal support systems for America's entrepreneurs.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, Congress created the Small Business  Administration in 1953 to ``aid, counsel, assist and protect, insofar  as is possible, the interests of small business concerns.'' The SBA now  provides financial assistance, help with Federal contract procurement,  and management assistance. The agency makes specialized outreach to  women, minorities, and veterans. SBA also provides loans to victims of  natural disasters and specialized advice and assistance in  international trade.   The President has nominated Linda McMahon to run the SBA. Mrs.  McMahon and her husband founded Titan Sports in 1980. The business grew  dramatically under their leadership. Mrs. McMahon became president in  1993 and CEO of the company in 1997. The company became World Wrestling  Entertainment and then simply WWE.   Unfortunately, the McMahons appear to have grown their business at  least in part using business practices that disadvantaged their  employees. The Connecticut Post and the Hartford Courant reported that  WWE did not offer its wrestlers health insurance, as McMahon argued the  company's wrestlers were independent contractors. And the Connecticut  Post reported that Connecticut audited McMahon's company to determine  if WWE improperly classified employees as independent contractors.   An investigation led by Representative Henry Waxman found that  McMahon's WWE did not do enough to prevent steroid use. Representative  Waxman's committee found that, at one point, 40 percent of WWE's  wrestlers tested positive for steroids and other drugs, even after  being warned in advance that they were going to be tested. A WWE  ``house doctor'' was reportedly convicted and sentenced to prison for  steroid trafficking. And the New York Daily News reported that an  Albany district attorney probe into a widespread Internet doping  scandal involved several WWE wrestlers.   And more than 50 former professional wrestlers sued McMahon's WWE,  charging that the company was responsible for repeated head trauma that  they suffered, often involving specific moves scripted and  choreographed by WWE.   The SBA needs strong leadership to advance the interests of our  Nation's hard-working small businesses, but it does not need a leader  who will advance profits at workers' expense. Mrs. McMahon's business  experience leads me to be concerned that she will not put people over  profits, and thus, I must oppose the nomination.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Hampshire.   