 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment today is a  probusiness, pro-innovation amendment. This would exempt any  regulations that affect the safety of our National Airspace System.   It is important to note that commercial drone operations are only  possible because of FAA rules. Last August, the FAA's small UAS rule-- unmanned aerial systems rule--opened the door for small businesses to  use unmanned systems easily and without cumbersome paperwork.  [[Page H1382]]    The current inaction on the ``flights over people'' rule could limit  UAS operations, such as news reporting, disaster relief, and public  safety from becoming a reality. As a result, many businesses and the  country could lose out on the full societal and economic benefits of  UAS.   Once UAS are fully integrated into the national airspace, the full  benefits of these tools will help businesses to expand and our economy  to grow--with a projected 100,000 jobs and over $82 billion in economic  impact over the next decade. That is why this particular amendment is  supported by the UAV Coalition as well as the Automated Vehicles  Symposium.   But we need action from regulatory authorities to fully integrate UAS  into our airspace. Without my amendment, the SCRUB Act has the  potential to stifle a growing industry and prevent the modernization of  air traffic. I want to reiterate: UAS operators need guidance and  regulations from the FAA so they can operate safely and without  unnecessary paperwork.   I urge the House to support my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, investments into this particular  industry are predicated on whether or not regulations are predictable.  As a former small-business man, I can tell you that investments will  not happen if there is an unelected commission that exists that might  change the very rules and regulations upon which current investments  have been made.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, as a small-business man, I can tell  you that small businesses rely on the predictability of regulatory  rules and the regulatory regime. This commission is creating  unpredictability in the system. Therefore, it is going to stifle  investment, it is going to prevent innovation, and it is going to  further throw a monkey wrench into our National Airspace System.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my second amendment to the SCRUB  Act would protect the countless citizens, including many of my own  constituents, who depend on airport noise restrictions to sleep through  the night or learn uninterrupted in school.   Thousands of my constituents near O'Hare International Airport  benefit from these restrictions, as do the millions of people that live  near major airports across the country. As the father of a 10-month-old  baby girl, I can speak from experience to the value of an uninterrupted  night of sleep.   Many FAA noise rules are the product of careful discussions between  airports and local authorities. While noise restrictions have a slight  economic impact on air carriers, the economic benefit to surrounding  communities more than outweighs this.   The unelected commission created by this bill should not have the  ability to overturn restrictions that have been carefully considered by  local governments, the FAA, and airport officials.   Without FAA noise restrictions, people and businesses would suffer,  Mr. Chairman. This would decrease property values in my district, make  it harder for people to start a business, and have a negative effect on  people's health.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, these particular rules and  regulations were crafted carefully at the local level, and I believe  very strongly that this commission, which is a Federal commission,  should not somehow upset the balance that has been achieved through  local voices having a say in these particular regulations.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the SCRUB Act should not have the  ability to review regulations and rules that were developed by local  people with local concerns in mind.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   