 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. He forgot pine  trees, but that is okay.   Mr. Speaker, I am thrilled to stand up and support H.R. 1699,  Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act, and I salute Congressman  Andy Barr from Kentucky to bring this forward.   Maine, Mr. Speaker, has some of the highest homeownership rates in  the country. We love our homes in Maine. I represent the rural part of  our State, and in our State, Mr. Speaker, we have times of the year  where the weather is pretty tough.   If you are building a home that is not manufactured in a warehouse,  sometimes you literally cannot build that home because of the weather,  the snow, and the cold, and what have you. But there is nothing more  important, Mr. Speaker, nothing more important than making sure moms  and dads across America and across Maine have an option, have as many  options as possible to house their kids, to take care of their kids,  and make sure they are safe. Manufactured housing, in many parts of the  country, is the only affordable option.   Now, H.R. 1699 makes a small, technical change such that folks who  want to get into a home and want to take part in the great American  Dream of homeownership have the opportunity to get a loan to do this.   Government, Mr. Speaker, is supposed to help our families, not get in  the way. Here is an example of us being able to remove an unnecessary  restriction that hurts our families and prevents them from having an  opportunity to get in their first home.   We need more options, not less, Mr. Speaker. Let's help our families  and not get in the way. I salute Mr. Barr for this great bill. I am  fully in support of this. Let's help our families get into manufactured  homes if this is what they want and this is what they can afford.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   First, let me just say that I recognize some of the issues in the way  that have been described by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Pearce),  and I think that he is on the right track in how we can deal with  giving assistance to those who want to own manufactured housing and  assistance to those who want to own more than one manufactured house  and are looking toward their retirement, and I support that. He has  given a new definition to me for balloon payments and how it works in  this industry, and I want to work with him to get something done.   What I want to do is separate out the fact that these owners of  manufactured housing need some protections in law. We don't want to  strip out all these protections for them. They deserve to be treated  fairly. If they are going to be charged high interest rates, they  deserve to have the protections that everybody else has. I mean, it is  not fair that some of us can buy homes at market rate, at 4.25 percent  or whatever, and they have to pay 18 percent because they are  considered a high risk, and they can't even refinance these homes.    I want to show you some of the advertising from Clayton where they  talk about ``Repos Available.'' They have got plenty of them because  they repossess these homes. And I just want to say that, in addition to  this monopoly of Clayton's, the way that they treat people when they  fall behind in their payments, they don't want to do loan  modifications--they don't do them, really.   As a matter of fact, they hire these people off the street,  basically, who come and harass these homeowners and treat them  extremely bad, and they talk to them about the fact that they want this  mortgage, they want this money paid, and they will tell them--we have  got documentation where they tell them: Don't pay your medical bills.  You pay, or we are going to come and repossess this.   I want to tell you, I have the greatest respect for the least of  these. Whether you are in the urban area, whether you are in the rural  area, you deserve the respect and support from your government. And I  want you to know, for those who represent these areas, let's stop being  on the side of the people who exploit them, and let's get on the side  of the consumers.   In this last election, we heard a lot about the fact that people in  small towns and rural areas were upset with their government and felt  nobody cared about them. I want them to ask the people who represent  them: Whose side are they on?   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   