 Mr. Speaker, I thank our colleagues who have worked so  hard on this legislation to try and rescue these failing insurance  markets.   We learned yesterday, I think most of Iowa now will not have a single  insurer left on the exchanges. If you are one of the people out there  in the one-out-of-three counties where people only have one option for  insurance, what we are trying to do here is fix this market so you  actually have insurance to cover you.   We believe that in going forward with this piece of legislation not  only do we give more flexibility to States to innovate, they care about  the people in their States. I know my home State of Oregon does. Yet  they are facing a shortfall right now that this legislation would  provide over $320 million to help fill.   One of their proposals is to kick 350,000 people off of Medicaid.  This would help fill the gap: $320 million in the next 2 years to fill  an $882 million shortfall they have.   But this is a problem across the country. What we are trying to do  here is reform ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, in a way that will  work going into the future. Otherwise, people are going to be left with  not only enormous rate increases in the premiums, but also you have  seen an explosion in the cost of what they have to pay out of pocket.   I have had people in my district say: Look, I am outside of that area  where I get a subsidy, and I am paying full price. Our premiums have  gone up 50 percent in the last 2 years. My options have gone down from  four or five to maybe one or two, maybe three, and it is getting worse.  They are threatening to pull out. My out-of-pocket costs are now so  high, I am paying for something I can't even afford to use.   We are trying to fix and rescue this market and bring people in.   You hear all these numbers State by State. I am not buying into that  at all. They don't understand what our bill does. We are giving States  authority, we are giving protections for people, and we are going to  get this straightened out once and for all so that we have an insurance  market that works, but, more importantly, that we have a healthcare  system that people can afford and that we can get quality health care  when they see a doctor, between them and their doctor, without a  bureaucrat in between.    Mr. Speaker, I have to say that the information that we  are being told, even The New York Times has characterized some of it as  being misleading, and it is. When you say Oregonians are going to  suddenly be thrown out, that is not true on preexisting conditions  because there is no waiver request. You are just making that stuff up.  I dispute it. It is misleading. It is wrong. It is fear-mongering, and  I am sorry it is happening on this floor.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Webster), my colleague, for the purpose of a colloquy.    I thank the gentleman from Florida for not only raising  this issue, but being a real partner in this legislation. I met with  your Governor as well, who has been very helpful in the discussions.   We believe that accounting for aging demographics of the Medicaid  program and broader population is an important factor we must consider  to ensure that any Medicaid reform is successfully implemented. I am  committed to working with the gentleman from Florida, our colleagues in  the Senate, and the Trump administration to ensure Florida's unique  challenges related to an aging Medicaid demographic are recognized and  accounted for appropriately.   Mr. Speaker, in the remaining part of my time, I would just like to  thank my colleagues for their work on this measure.   Making sure that people have access to affordable health care is  essential. It is something I would say that we all care about. We all  care about family members who have suffered from cancer or other  debilitating diseases or afflictions. We are trying to find a place  here that works for all Americans, where we have insurance markets that  are actually available where you can get an insurance product that  works for you that is affordable for you.   We know that today, in America, the insurance market and the  individual market--that is a very small segment, 7 percent of insurance  in America; that is what we are talking about here today--that that  market is collapsing before our eyes. In fact, in Iowa, I think they  just announced 94 in 99 counties, people there won't even have an  insurance product they can try to purchase on the exchange.   We have met with Governors and we have met with insurers. We have  said: What do we need to do to intercede to get this market back to  where it works? The proposals contained in our legislation are designed  to do exactly that: to get back to where consumers have choices when  they are required to buy insurance to take care of their families.  Those choices need to be affordable. They are not now, today.   In my own State of Oregon, premiums have gone up 50 percent in the  last 2 years. Meanwhile, the number of options that you have to choose  from has gone down--and continues to go down. Now, we haven't gone as  far as some States where you have either no option in most areas of the  State or just one, but how far off is it when insurers are failing,  people losing their opportunity to get affordable health insurance?   We take care of the disabled. We take care of the elderly. In fact,  we plus-up to medical CPI plus 1 to make sure that we take care of the  elderly and the disabled in our Medicaid program.   By the way, that is probably more than most States are spending  today.   So we have thought this through carefully. We care about people and  their medical condition and their families because we are all in this  together as Americans.   I think the bill we have before us today works. It works to take care  of those most in need. It works to make sure that the people can get  access to insurance.    I will tell you what. It is a first step in a many-step process to  also look at families who are dealing with opioid addition and what we  can do there. There are efforts at NIH, which we just supported  yesterday, to fund medical research so that we can get cures for those  who have diseases and other afflictions. We are fully committed to  improving health care not only for Americans, but around the globe,  through innovation and scientific discovery.   