 I announce that the Senator from Missouri (Mrs.  McCaskill) is necessarily absent.    Madam President, before the Senator from Missouri leaves  the floor, I want to say a word about him and the topic he raised today  about health and, in this particular case, children.   Senator Blunt and I have adjoining States, Illinois and Missouri. We  have joined up, as well, on the issue of medical research. I salute  him. Even though he is my Republican colleague, I want to make clear  that this is a bipartisan issue. He has made it a bipartisan issue. We  had the good support of Senator Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, and  Senator Murray, Democrat of Washington.   The Senator from Missouri has done some amazing things. I want to say  specifically for the Record that America owes him a debt of gratitude,  as chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee that is responsible for  the National Institutes of Health, the foremost leading medical  research agency in the world.   Let me tell you, with his leadership, what we accomplished. For two  straight years, Senator Blunt has been able to raise the appropriations  for medical research at the National Institutes of Health by $2 billion  or more. The net result of that is that a $30 billion budget has grown  to almost $34 billion. What does it mean? It means that researchers  don't get discouraged. They stay on their projects. They keep working  to find cures.   Secondly, we are making dramatic advances in medicine because of it.  His leadership has been absolutely essential. If there is ever a  bipartisan issue, this is it. The Senator has been quite a leader in  this regard.    I want to salute you for that while you are on the floor on the topic  of healthcare and children.    I thank my colleague from Missouri. I will tell you that  he set a standard. I hope that both parties will agree that this is the  starting point. For every year's budget, the starting point is at least  a 5-percent real growth increase in medical research.   Thank you, Senator Blunt, for your leadership.    Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   