 Madam President, I rise to discuss an issue that is  extremely important to me and to many of my colleagues on this side of  the aisle--the issue of judicial vacancies. I came here to work and am  honored to serve on behalf of the people of the State of Nevada who  sent me to Washington. One of the most pressing issues I have found  since being here is, all too often Members of Congress go home before  their work is finished.   Many of you here know the first piece of legislation I have  introduced for the past two Congresses is my No Budget, No Pay Act. The  concept is simple. If Congress can't pass a budget and all of its  spending bills on time, then Congress itself shouldn't get paid.   The Senate should apply the same concepts, in my opinion, to  confirming judges. I commend our majority leader for bringing two more  judges to the floor this week, but there is a lot more work to do. We  need to work day and night to confirm those judges who are already on  our calendar and have moved out of the Senate Judiciary Committee. The  Senate has an incredible opportunity right now to confirm Federal  judges who will uphold the Constitution. We should be here every day,  for as long as we need, to ensure all judicial vacancies are filled.   Our conference must be willing to work together in order to get the  business of the Senate done. Right now, there are 149 judicial  vacancies. Let me repeat that. There are 149 judicial vacancies, and  the Senate has only confirmed 8 judges this session--149 vacancies, 8  judges confirmed. That means, in 9 months, with well over 100 vacancies  and over 60 judicial emergencies, we have only managed to confirm 8  judges.   The minority party has undercut the confirmation process of the  administration's nominees and judicial appointments. When new  Presidents are elected, they have always been given an opportunity to  put their team in place in short order. Historically, this is not just  common courtesy, it is an expectation of the American people to have a  seamless transition of power, resulting in a functional Federal  Government.   One of the eight judges confirmed was Neil Gorsuch, who I am thankful  now serves on the Supreme Court. Justice Gorsuch is an example of the  type of judge we have the chance to put in place. As with Justice  Gorsuch's confirmation, we need to do all that is necessary to fill  these vacancies with great judges like him.   President Trump has nominated many judges and has more to nominate.  For those he has already nominated, it is our duty to carefully review  these nominations and ensure that these judges are confirmed in a  timely manner. We must be willing to put in as much time as needed,  whether that means working weekends, canceling State work periods, or  working all through the night to get these Constitution-loving judges  confirmed.   I know this is important to all of us, but we need to do better. Last  week, I was a proud partner with Senator Perdue and several of my other  colleagues in calling on the Senate to work 24/7 until we get our work  done. We have a substantial list of important work to complete,  including confirming the judicial nominees the President has sent us,  passing tax reform, fixing our broken healthcare system, and funding  the government. The American people elected us to complete these  critical tasks. They elected us to deliver a simpler, fairer tax code  and to make sure our Federal judiciary is fully occupied with judges  whose sole purpose is to uphold the Constitution as it was written.   To my fellow Senators, I am calling on all of us to do what the  people have sent us to do and not let a light schedule stop us from  fulfilling our duties. The American people don't go to work 4 days a  week, and neither should we. This isn't France. We need to work a full  workweek. We must make it clear to our constituents that we are  fighting for the hard-working Americans every single day. Americans do  what it takes to get the job done, and we should do the same.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   