 Mr. Speaker, I thank my neighbor and friend, Mr.  Garamendi, for holding this Special Order tonight and allowing us to  talk about what this tax bill means.   Mr. Speaker, today is a sad day in America, as the House passed an  unholy tax scam of a tax bill. This bill was rushed through Congress  with no hearings, no Democratic votes, and no Democratic amendments.  This Republican tax scam is being deceptively sold as a benefit for the  middle class, but the real winners will be the big corporations and  those on the cover of Forbes 400 richest Americans.   The Republican tax scam will increase the national debt by almost $2  trillion, burdening our children or giving a Christmas bonus to the  wealthiest Americans.   The Republican tax scam permanently lowers the corporate tax rate  while the child tax credit increase expires in 2025. In other words,  big corporations get a permanent tax cut while the middle class  receives a temporary tax cut.   This tax scam places a cap on State and local taxes for individuals,  targeting punishment for Democratic States. This is a new low for our  democracy. The Republican tax scam also repeals the Affordable Care  Act's individual mandate. This will cause 13 million Americans to lose  their health insurance. Taking healthcare away from those who elected  us is shameful.   Earlier today, we heard from Ady Barkan, who was recently diagnosed  with ALS. Many will recognize Ady from the video of him confronting  Senator Flake in an airplane.   Ady spoke passionately this morning about the dangers of this tax  scam. As he was finishing, he talked about the opportunity we have to  come back and do a real tax reform, in 2018, and do so in a bipartisan  way. His hope for what a good tax bill should look like struck me. He  said that we should come back and negotiate a tax bill that elevates  human dignity, instead of promoting human misery.   This Republican tax scam will hurt millions of Americans, many who  are already struggling. We need a bipartisan solution to tax reform,  not a special interest scam that benefits the wealthiest.   Mr. Speaker, Americans should have no doubt this tax scam will hurt  them and the economy. Forget about investing in infrastructure. Forget  about investing in education. Forget about investing in research. You  better start worrying about Medicare and Social Security. This tax scam  will make America a Third World nation.   Mr. Speaker, this tax scam is a disgrace.   