 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, President Trump reportedly told  several of our Republican colleagues that the House-passed version of  TrumpCare's healthcare repeal of the Affordable Care Act was mean. This  week, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that the President  would like to see a healthcare bill from the Senate that ``has heart in  it.'' What did we get? We got a bill from my Senate Republican  colleagues that is identical to and in some cases even worse than the  disastrous House-passed American Health Care Act that would rip  coverage away from 23 million Americans and gut Medicaid by more than  $800 billion.   Nothing changes the fact that this undemocratic, secretive process  has resulted in legislation that is so mean-spirited, it would make the  Wicked Witch of the West cringe. The Senate Republican bill will rip  away economic security from young families, make grandma and grandpa  pay more for health insurance simply because they are old, tear away  coverage for opioid addiction patients desperate for treatment, and  punish Americans with preexisting conditions such as cancer, diabetes,  and Alzheimer's. For once, I agree with President Trump. This bill is  mean.    Let's take a closer look about what is really inside of the Senate  GOP's proposal on healthcare. Let's start by looking at the lower  quality coverage. First, this bill will roll back the clock to the days  before the Affordable Care Act, when an insurance card did not  guarantee comprehensive coverage.   Because of the Affordable Care Act, there are certain things an  insurance plan just has to cover--things like emergency services,  maternity care, prescription drugs, mental health services. There is  security in knowing that if you pay your premiums, this sort of basic  minimum coverage is in place when you need it. But Republicans want to  rip that away. They want to give States and insurance companies the  option to not cover these things. This would make it so that a consumer  could easily be faced with an unexpected medical bill for services they  had assumed were covered with their healthcare plan.   Independent analysis from the Congressional Budget Office estimates  that out-of-pocket costs for maternity care or mental health or  substance abuse disorder services could increase by thousands of  dollars in a given year under TrumpCare. That is not increasing  quality, as President Trump promised; that is lower quality. And that  just increases inequality between the healthy wealthy, who can pay out  of pocket for their care, and providing lower quality coverage for  everyone else. That is mean.   Second, an age tax. Since the Affordable Care Act became law, the  uninsured rate for Americans ages 50 to 64 decreased by one-half. Those  are the baby boomers, and it is estimated that more than 28 million of  these baby boomers will develop Alzheimer's disease between now and the  year 2050. This reduction in the uninsured rates came about because the  Affordable Care Act expanded Medicaid and put protections in place to  prevent insurers from charging exorbitant prices just because of age.  But instead of caring for our family and friends as they age and  ensuring they can afford quality coverage on what may be a dwindling  income, TrumpCare punishes you for achieving your milestone 50th  birthday.   Under the Republican healthcare proposal, insurance companies can  charge older Americans five times more than younger Americans for the  same coverage. That is unconscionable. It doesn't matter if you are a  50-year-old marathoner in the best shape of your life; you will still  be paying at least five times more for your insurance than your 40- year-old neighbor who smokes. As a result, Americans over the age of 60  could see their premiums increase by an average of $3,200 or 22  percent. That might not sound like a lot to some people, but for those  with decreasing incomes and fewer job opportunities, it is the  difference between being able to eat and being kicked out on the  street.   To add insult to injury, the subsidies in TrumpCare to help  individuals purchase insurance are far less generous than what is  currently available under the Affordable Care Act. Because that will  result in premiums that are higher, the tax credits will not keep pace  to help pay for more expensive insurance, and, as a result, this age  tax is going to be mean to those who are older in our country.   No. 3, Medicaid cuts. Medicaid is a lifeline for families across our  country. More than 70 million Americans--nearly half of whom are  children--depend upon it. But it is clear that with TrumpCare's cuts to  the program, Republicans want Medicaid to flatline. For a program that  covers more than one-fifth of the Nation's population, including the  sickest, the oldest, and the  [[Page S3704]]  poorest amongst us, Medicaid is especially irreplaceable.   But Republicans harbor an ancient animosity toward Medicaid.  Republicans say that we need to restructure Medicaid's financing to  help control the program spending and make it more efficient. That is  just another way of saying to America's most vulnerable that you are  just not as important as those who donate to our campaigns.   Raiding the Medicaid coffers achieves two goals. First, it tears  holes in a critical social safety net for more than 70 million low- income and working-class Americans. Second, it provides the GOP with an  open checkbook to pay back their donors with huge tax breaks.   Republicans might want to refer to these changes as capping the  Medicaid program, but don't be fooled. What capping really means is  decapitating access to primary care, decapitating the ability of  grandma and grandpa to secure a nursing home bed, and decapitating  access to treatment for substance abuse and mental health conditions.  Gutting the Medicaid program--that is mean.   Next, they are going to reduce access to care. This one is simple.  Less insurance coverage equals less access to care. While it is  possible to get a doctor's appointment and treatment without health  insurance, it is usually at prices that are impossible to afford for a  typical uninsured person. Most working Americans can't conceive of  paying more than $150 every time they want to visit a primary care  doctor or footing the bill for a couple of thousand dollars in the  event they need more specialized care. The best medicines and the most  effective treatments are only as good as the insurance coverage people  have to help them to access to it.   How will these 23 million Americans who lose insurance under  TrumpCare get the care which they need? They will not get the care.  Unfortunately, when patients do try to access care, it will be because  their illness has progressed to the point where it can no longer be  ignored. Instead of seeking care with a primary care doctor in a less  expensive healthcare setting, most uninsured patients will end up going  straight to the emergency room--the most expensive site for care. And  the cost of that uninsured patient--well, that is just going to get  absorbed by everyone else in our country, as our rates for treatment  and insurance coverage increase to make up for this uncompensated care.  So reduced access to care--that is mean.   Then we move on to higher premiums. Higher premiums are going to be  the new rule in our country because that is going to be what happens if  the Republicans are successful in repealing the Affordable Care Act.  According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, TrumpCare  would increase premiums by an average of 20 percent in 2018. In  Massachusetts alone, premiums for next year could increase by $600,  threatening coverage for more than 180,000 of my constituents with  private insurance. Because of everything else in TrumpCare, even though  you are paying more, you will be getting less. It is like paying for a  Cadillac, but only getting a tricycle. This will only prevent Americans  from securing access to the care and the treatment they need and they  deserve. Less care for more cost--that is going to be mean. Premiums  are going to go up for everyone.   Finally, it threatens all of those in America who have preexisting  conditions. For so many Americans, allowing insurance companies to  refuse coverage or charge more because of a preexisting condition is  inhumane, and it is immoral. Anyone who tried to buy individual health  insurance before the Affordable Care Act remembers this problem. Before  the healthcare act passed, in most States, if you had a preexisting  condition, you could either be denied coverage, charged a much higher  premium, or forced to wait potentially for years before receiving  treatment for the condition to be covered. For many people, this meant  they either had to go without needed care or spend their entire  savings. For those with the most serious conditions, it was the  difference between life and death.    The anxiety of suffering from an illness was only exacerbated by  financial insecurity. It was a cruel and unusual form of punishment.  Sadly, the Republicans want to take us back to this era. Threatening  preexisting conditions--that might be the meanest of them all because  protections for families who have preexisting conditions is something  that goes right to the heart of what the Affordable Care Act provided  as a protection.   Why would millions of Americans have to suffer these cruelties, these  indignities, these punishments? That is the most outrageous part of all  of this. President Trump and the congressional Republicans are  proposing this healthcare heartlessness, all so they can give tax  breaks to the wealthiest in our country.   We heard it from President Trump himself last night when he talked  about the people he hired for his Cabinet. ``I just don't want a poor  person,'' he said. But who does he want running the government and our  economy? He wants the wealthiest people in America. He wants people who  are billionaires to be making the decisions as to how we run our  economy. President Trump has in place a goal of turning over to the  richest people in our country the responsibility for putting together  the plan to cut the programs for the poor and the working families in  our country.   The Republicans and their wealthy planners have put together a very  simple one-step program: The rich get richer, and the rest get sicker  in the United States. Make no mistake, this healthcare plan is of the  rich, by the rich, and for the rich. It is giving billions in tax  breaks to people who don't need or deserve them, paid for by people who  can't handle or afford it. That is cruel, that is inhumane, that is  immoral, that is just plain wrong, and my Democratic colleagues and I  will not stand for it.   We are standing up to say no to ripping away coverage for millions of  Americans. We are raising our voices to say no to increasing costs for  middle-class families. We are saying here today that we are going to  say no to this legislative malpractice. The health of the American  public is too important for us to be so mean, so callous to the people  we were elected to serve.   This Republican proposal has never been about policy. It has always  been about politics, and it is time to stop playing political games  with people's lives, with people's healthcare.   Healthcare is a right and not a privilege. That is the promise we  made to the American people with the Affordable Care Act, and it is a  promise we must keep.   The President is keeping his promise to the rich in our country. They  have now written a healthcare plan for one-sixth of our economy that  slashes $800 billion that would be used for the poor, for the sick, for  the working class, for senior citizens in nursing homes by $800 billion  in order to give an $800 billion tax break to the wealthiest people in  our country. That is wrong.    This is a critical moment in our country's history, and we, as  Democrats, are going to battle every single day here on the Senate  floor and across this country to make sure that every person  understands what the consequences of this incredibly callous, mean bill  will mean--lower quality coverage, an age tax on the elderly, Medicaid  cuts that hurt families across our country, reduced access to care,  threatening of the protections for preexisting conditions, and  resulting in higher premiums for everyone. It will be a disgrace.   I yield the floor.   