 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in strong support of  Jeffrey Rosen to be the Deputy Secretary of Transportation. It is my  understanding that later this evening we will have a vote on that  nomination. It will be the first of a couple of votes.   I would just ask my colleagues on the Democratic side and on the  Republican side to look carefully at his qualifications and to be in a  position to support this good public servant to be the new deputy at  Transportation.   I recall that this body overwhelmingly supported Elaine Chao to be  the Secretary of Transportation. She is doing a terrific job, in my  view. She needs help, and she needs a deputy in place. Jeff has gone  through the proper process. We have had hearings, and he has been voted  on in committee. It is time to get him there to help Secretary Chao to  be able to have her team in place and accomplish the goals that so many  of us share.  [[Page S2928]]    Jeffrey is a graduate of Northwestern University and Harvard Law  School. Here in DC, where there are lots of lawyers, he is one of the  most respected ones. He has 30 years of experience handling very  complicated, high-stakes cases. He has litigated in more than 20  States. He has been in just about every setting imaginable: jury  trials, bench trials, arbitrations, appellate arguments--on every  topic--contracts, antitrust, securities, business torts, enforcement  actions, product liability, and class actions. You name it, and he has  been involved.   He has a lot of experience. Maybe particularly relevant to this job  at Transportation, in 2003 he was unanimously confirmed by this body to  serve as the Chief Legal Officer at the Department of Transportation.  There he supervised more than 400 lawyers at the Department of  Transportation. As the top lawyer there, he wasn't afraid to roll up  his sleeves and get involved in lots of issues, including policy  issues. I think the kind of experience he gained there will make him  very well qualified to serve now as Deputy Secretary of that same  agency.   He did such a good job that in 2006 I reached out to him and asked  him to join my team at the Office of Management and Budget. I wanted  somebody who was a good lawyer but also someone who could manage well  and give me good advice, and Jeffrey Rosen was that person. I recruited  Jeff to serve as general counsel and senior policy advisor at OMB. In  that role, he was always vigilant about the use of taxpayer dollars, a  guy who understands those hard-earned dollars need to be stewarded  properly. He was someone who focused on management in the Department.  He understood the need for us to ensure that taxpayers are getting the  best bang for the buck, and, finally, maybe most important, he gave me  good advice. He was insightful but also honest. I think that kind of  candid advice is exactly what every Department Secretary or leader  would want, and that is what he will provide should he become Deputy  Secretary.   Since that time, I have stayed up with Jeff. He has continued to give  me good advice and counsel. He is a guy who is well regarded in the  legal community here in town and someone who understands how the  Department of Transportation works and what is needed to ensure that it  will be successful.   One thing that Jeff and I have in common is we married way over our  heads. Kathleen is an Ohioan. She has the Ohio commonsense that makes  Jeff, in my view, an even better public servant. They have three  amazing kids--Anne, Sally, and James--and for all of Jeff's personal  and professional accomplishments, he would be the first to say that his  greatest pride is in his family--and rightly so, by the way.   In my view, Jeff has the judgment, he certainly has the experience,  he has the skills, and he has the right aptitude to be the Deputy  Secretary of Transportation. He is needed now, and I urge my colleagues  to vote in favor of the cloture motion today on his nomination and in  favor of his nomination to ensure we can get him in place to help move  the Department of Transportation forward.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   