 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, every week for some months now, I have  been coming to the Senate floor and I have been using the opportunity  to talk about someone in my State, the great State of Alaska, who has  made a difference. We call that person the Alaskan of the Week. These  are individuals who are unsung in many ways and who are doing something  for their community, for their State, and in many ways are inspiring  everybody.   I am a little biased, but I believe I live in the most beautiful  State in the country, probably the most beautiful place in the world,  full of wonderful people and beautiful landscapes, and we certainly  encourage everybody here in the Senate or those who are watching on TV  to come to Alaska and experience it themselves, and they will have the  trip of a lifetime, guaranteed. We are also blessed to live in a land  that provides so much for our physical and spiritual needs. It is a  very spiritual place.   Alaskans are hardy people; however, like anyplace in the country,  people have tough times. Some people are more fortunate than others.  But thankfully we have people all across our State--like we have people  all across America--who give of themselves so that those in difficult  situations can receive the care they need.   Today I want to take you to Kotzebue, AK, or what we often just refer  to as Kotz. Kotz is about 550 miles northwest of Anchorage, 26 miles  north of the Arctic Circle in Alaska's Northwest Arctic Borough. About  3,000 people live in Kotzebue. It is one of our bigger villages, and it  is a hub for dozens of smaller villages that dot this enormous,  beautiful region. Like most of Alaska, it is cold in the winter, and it  is beautiful now under a never-setting Sun. The midnight Sun in Kotz is  high in the sky. There are wonderful people there.   Like most places in Alaska, particularly in smaller villages in rural  Alaska, community is everything. People take care of each other. People  band together to help each other overcome challenges that can exist in  the extreme environments we have in Alaska.   Let me tell my colleagues today about Marty Shoryer, who is one of  the very generous residents of Kotzebue and who is our Alaskan of the  Week. Born in Kotzebue, Marty is the general manager of Kotzebue  Electric Association, where he has worked for more than 24 years. He  has been married to his wife Lucy since 1977. They have six children  and seven grandchildren. In his free time, he fishes--very common-- plays hoops, and loves to cook for his family. He is also involved in  [[Page S3354]]  the Boys and Girls Club and his Tribal government.   But here is why I want to talk about Marty and why he has been such  an inspiration not only in Kotzebue but throughout the State. On  Thanksgiving 2015, Marty got sick, and over the next several weeks, he  had to go to the hospital repeatedly. While he was there, he noticed a  group of people who would gather around the free coffee that was served  at the hospital. He approached one of them, a woman named Jo-Ann, and  asked a very simple question: ``Why do you guys hang around here? What  are you doing?''   She told him: ``Well, we don't really have another place to go right  now.''   This disturbed Marty greatly. At that time of year in Kotzebue, it  can get down to 20 and 30 below zero--a difficult place.   ``You guys must be hungry,'' he said to Jo-Ann, and she said that  they were. So the next day and the day after that--5 days a week--Marty  and Lucy together used their own money and their own lunch hour during  the workweek to make sandwiches--a simple act--30 to 40 sandwiches for  that group at the hospital. Every day, every person who needs one gets  a sandwich, sometimes turkey and cheese, sometimes caribou or sheefish  spread. Marty is anxious for the salmon season to start so he can make  salmon spread sandwiches. They also get a juice box and dessert. Simple  but generous.   Recently, another generous Kotzebue resident, Sophie Foster, began  making sandwiches as well, and before you know it, we have a whole  community that is doing this, taking this simple example and getting  involved. So now some people drop off cinnamon roles or fruit. Others  bring back bulk items when they travel to Anchorage. Dozens of people  in Kotzebue, AK, are now helping in this effort because of Marty's  simple act.   People like Marty and his wife Lucy make my State truly unique and a  wonderful place. His generosity--doing something seemingly so simple:  making a sandwich for someone who is hungry--has now had a big impact  not only in Kotzebue but in Alaska. Marty didn't know the impact he  would have when he began making sandwiches. ``I was just trying to help  a few people that day, make them happier.''   Marty's actions have initiated a growing conversation in Kotzebue  about how best to take care of people who need help. It has drawn  attention to homelessness and hunger--very important issues not only in  Alaska but throughout the country. Marty spurred this important  conversation in Kotzebue and in our State through his simple actions,  and that has inspired all of us.   Congratulations, Marty, for what you are doing, for your simple acts  of inspiration, and for being our Alaskan of the Week.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   