 Mr. President, I rise to speak on an issue that is  vitally important to the well-being, safety, and security of Nevadans;  namely, Yucca Mountain. I have said it before--and I will say it  again--that Yucca Mountain is dead. Let me repeat myself. Yucca  Mountain is dead, and I will continue to come to the floor until we, as  a country, move past this ill-conceived project.   Last week, I had the opportunity to testify before the House Energy  and Commerce Committee's Environment Subcommittee regarding draft  legislation to effectively restart the licensing process for Yucca  Mountain. While I appreciate having had the opportunity to testify in  order to ensure that Nevadans' voices on this issue are heard, I am  concerned that we are using valuable time and taxpayer resources to  hold a hearing on a closed issue.   Let me say this one more time. Yucca Mountain is dead.   Instead of focusing our efforts on reviving failed proposals of the  past, I will continue to encourage my colleagues and the administration  to focus on policies of the future. The failure to do so will have real  economic, environmental, and national security implications for all  Nevadans. This afternoon, I will focus on the economic impact that  resuming licensing activities, with regard to Yucca Mountain as a  nuclear waste repository, will have on my home State.   As many of you know, Yucca Mountain is located just 90 miles from the  world's premier tourist, convention, and entertainment destination--Las  Vegas, NV. Last year, Las Vegas welcomed nearly 43 million visitors.  Over the past decade, the Greater Las Vegas area has been one of the  fastest growing in the United States, with a population that now  exceeds 2.1 million people, according to an estimate from the U.S.  Census Bureau. Any issues with the transportation of nuclear waste to  the site or issues with storage there would bring devastating  consequences to the local, State, and national economies.   It begs the question, Would you want to go to Las Vegas knowing that  high-level nuclear waste was being transported, very likely, through  the heart of the strip?   Let me outline the vitally important role tourism plays in the  Greater Las Vegas area.   This industry accounts for close to 44 percent of the local workforce  and provides close to $17 billion in local wages. Moreover, tourism has  an estimated $60 billion in local impact. Without tourism, every  household in Southern Nevada would pay close to $3,000 more in taxes.  That is a significant amount of money to individuals and families who  are working to make ends meet. People visit not only as tourists but as  business professionals who attend conferences, meetings, and trade  shows, which generate another $12 billion in local economic impact. Las  Vegas has 3 of the 10 largest convention centers in North America, and  it has been the No. 1 trade show destination for 23 consecutive years.   This economic driver within the State is a critical component of  another related industry that is vitally important to the State of  Nevada; namely, the gaming industry. In Nevada, this industry alone  supports more than 430,000 jobs, pays more than $18 billion in wages,  and generates close to $8 billion in Federal, State, and local tax  revenues. The reason I draw the Presiding Officer's attention and our  colleagues' attention to these numbers is due to the fact that Yucca  Mountain will have very real negative economic consequences for  Nevadans.   I am proud to come to the floor to stand with the many concerned  citizens, many small business operators, and casino operators in  opposition to any attempt to restart the repository licensing process.  I will continue to work tirelessly to ensure that radioactive waste is  never stored anywhere near the world's entertainment capital, also  known as Las Vegas. Rather, I encourage my colleagues to partner with  me on identifying viable alternatives for the long-term storage of  nuclear waste in areas that are willing to house it.   I come to the table with a solution to our Nation's nuclear waste  program and am proud to have introduced bipartisan legislation on this  issue. My legislation would allow for the construction of a nuclear  waste repository only if the Secretary of Energy has secured written  consent from the Governor of the host State, affected units of the  local government, and affected Indian Tribes.   This is consistent with the consent-based siting initiative to site  waste storage and disposal facilities that was initiated by the  Department of Energy in late 2015. This open process ensures that a  State has a meaningful voice in the process and that no State will be  forced to accept nuclear waste against its own will.   Identifying communities that will be willing hosts for long-term  repositories rather than forcing it upon the States that have outright  opposed such a site for decades is the only viable solution to our  Nation's nuclear waste problem. The failure to do so will just result  in decades of more litigation and in the wasting of more taxpayer  dollars without solving the problem at hand.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   