 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about a promising  young man from Wyoming, OH--just outside of Cincinnati, my hometown--a  young man whose life was drastically cut short at just 22 years of age.  I rise to talk about Otto Warmbier.   Otto had all the smarts and talent you could ever ask for. He was a  homecoming king and the salutatorian of the Wyoming High School class  he graduated from a few years ago. He spent a summer at the London  School of Economics. He was a smart kid. He won a prestigious  scholarship to study at the University of Virginia. As everyone  expected he would, he excelled at UVA. He got great grades. He had a  thirst for learning. He loved meeting new people and hearing about  their lives and their perspectives. His future was as bright as it  could possibly be.   It was this smart, kindhearted young man--a college kid--who was  taken prisoner by the North Korean regime for nearly 18 months. Otto's  detainment and sentence were unnecessary and appalling. Neither one  should have ever happened in the first place. At some point soon after  being sentenced to 15 years of hard labor, from what we know, Otto  suffered a severe brain injury--from what, we don't know, and we may  never know.   Whom did the North Korean Government tell about this? No one. For the  next 15 months or so, they kept this a secret. They denied him access  to the best medical care he deserved, and they refused repeated  requests for consular access that would normally be provided to those  who have been detained--requests from our government, from the Obama  administration, from the Trump administration, requests from the Red  Cross, requests from the Swedish Government, which provides consular  service for Americans in North Korea, requests from many of us here in  the Capitol.   The regime unjustly imprisoned him and then lied about his severe  medical condition. By the way, they continued to tell stories that make  no sense. Doctors at the University of Cincinnati--some of the best  doctors in the world and just the type of medical professionals Otto  should have been able to see from the start--say that North Korea's  claims as to what happened simply don't stand up to the evidence.   They called him a prisoner of war, but they also violated the Geneva  Convention. For North Korea to imprison Otto Warmbier with no consular  access for more than a year with his medical condition and severe brain  injury--it goes well beyond that. It demonstrates a complete failure to  recognize fundamental human rights. Because of these actions by the  North Koreans, Otto is dead. His promise has been cut short.   If there is ever any doubt about the nature of the North Korean  regime--that pariah country--then Otto's case should erase all doubt.  We know this regime has no regard for the rule of law or the freedoms  we enjoy here, but they also have no regard for basic human rights and  dignity. They have subjected hundreds of thousands of their own people  to mistreatment, torture, and death for decades. They are now extending  that treatment to innocent Americans. North Korea should be universally  condemned for its abhorrent behavior and be held accountable for its  actions.   Otto's family--God bless them--tried everything they could to bring  Otto home. For 18 months--and for almost 16 months not knowing of his  dire condition--they were steadfast and resilient, trying everything  they could.   I was there with Fred and Cindy Warmbier when Otto finally returned  from North Korea. He came home. It was incredibly emotional to watch  Otto be reunited with his loving family. I believe he knew he was back  home. I believe he knew he was among those who loved him.   I want to thank State Department Special Representative Joe Yun,  Deputy Secretary Sullivan, and Secretary Tillerson for their work to  help secure Otto's release last week and to bring him home.  [[Page S3677]]    There are still three Americans who are being detained by the North  Koreans. They should be released immediately, and we should do  everything we can do as a country to secure their release.   Otto's case is a reminder that we must, on the one hand, increase  pressure on North Korea to force them to change. There will soon be  more to discuss on that. At the same time, we have to maintain an open  line of communication to deal with the deadly serious issues we face.  Those are some of the lessons I have taken from the last 18 months.   Fred, Cindy, and the entire Warmbier family have been incredibly  strong through this ordeal. No one should have to go through what that  family has experienced. My wife Jane and I will continue to be at their  side, including at the funeral service tomorrow in Wyoming, OH.   I urge my colleagues and everybody listening at home to continue to  hold up this family in prayer, but also let's ensure that this tragedy  is a wake-up call about the true nature of this brutal regime.   Mr. President, I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.   