 Mr. Chairman, on January 20, America witnessed  the end of the most regulation-happy Presidency in American history.  Under the Obama administration, the pages of the Code of Federal  Regulations reached the highest level in the history of our country.   The Obama administration issued 3,037 finalized regulations, which  means almost two new regulations were added each and every day on  American farmers, families, and small-business owners. Regulations from  the last administration alone cost taxpayers $873 billion. That is a  burden of over $12 million an hour added by the Obama White House on  the American taxpayer. Back home in Missouri alone, the cost of  complying with regulations just added by the Obama administration  totaled $19 billion, which is equal to over $9,000 in costs per person.  Regulations written by unelected bureaucrats in Washington are  suffocating the very farmers and small-business owners who we need to  hire and expand in order to get full workforce participation.   Today, we are considering a solution to this problem with the  Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome  Act, otherwise known as the SCRUB Act. The SCRUB Act's objective is to  reduce the overall cost of regulations by at least 15 percent.   With the passage of the SCRUB Act today, we are simply putting the  tools in place to support what President Trump has already started.  During his first full week in office, President Trump authored an  executive order for the purpose of reducing regulation and controlling  regulatory costs. The order is simple. For every new proposed  regulation, two existing ones must be taken off the books. This order  will help prioritize regulations truly in the best interest of the  American people and remove ones that are outdated, burdensome, and  costly.   And just last week, the President began a regulatory review task  force to review existing regulations. The SCRUB Act mirrors and  supports the President's actions, ensuring that our regulatory burdens  never again reach the heights that they are today.   The SCRUB Act makes sure that farmers, small-business owners, and  families impacted by Washington regulators have a seat at the table in  prioritizing which ones the Trump White House should remove. We must  help the President put an end to the Washington-knows-best mentality  that has polluted our Nation's Capital and plagued the American people  for the past 8 years.   Many of you voted in favor of this legislation last Congress.  However, with this new administration, the American people are calling  for us to change the way things are done in Washington. So it is my  hope that you will join me once again in helping put an end to the  Washington regulatory machine.   I also call on my colleagues on the other side of the Capitol, who  seem lately more bent on obstruction, to reevaluate why their districts  and States sent them to Washington. I am hopeful they will consider  supporting the legislation, policies, laws, and nominations that will  help alleviate the burden of an oversized Federal Government. With the  SCRUB Act, we have a real opportunity to shrink the size of government  and get Washington off the backs of the American people.   I want to thank Chairman Chaffetz and Chairman Goodlatte for bringing  this bill up today, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the  SCRUB Act.   