 Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Mr. Collins and  Chairman Goodlatte for their work.   Mr. Chairman, I have to say, in listening to this debate, I can't  imagine why anyone would oppose this legislation that is entirely  designed to create transparency. This is good work that Chairman  Goodlatte and Mr. Collins have worked on.    Last week we heard a number of shocking stories about government  malfeasance, such as Chairman Goodlatte's investigation that the  government had settled and revealed that the Obama Justice Department  had funneled money to politically allied groups. We are grateful for  that.   Today we are taking up H.R. 469, and I am thrilled that this  legislation includes the text of my bill, the Judgment Fund  Transparency Act.   As I said, the purpose of this act is really very simple. Actually,  contrary to what has been said, it is to bring simplicity, it is to  bring transparency. This bill would go a long way to providing our  constituents and taxpayers a better idea of how their tax dollars are  spent.   Heaven knows, and for heaven's sake, those of us here certainly know  that sometimes the Federal Government makes mistakes. It is not  perfect. It is prone to errors and it can cause harm to individuals.  And when that happens, especially when these errors are particularly  egregious, the government is sued and damages can be awarded.   Early on, in fact, this Congress spent a lot of its time doing  nothing but that, sorting through claims and making appropriations to  pay those claims. In fact, not even 100 years ago, much of this body's  work was consumed only by  [[Page H8198]]  this topic. It wasn't until 1956 that Congress established the Judgment  Fund and gave authority to the Treasury Department to resolve these  claims in ``a permanent and indefinite appropriation.'' That has simply  been abused.   In keeping with the law, the Treasury Department files a yearly  report with Congress and maintains a web page that supposedly can be  searched. That sounds good, but it doesn't work that way. It is cryptic  and has otherwise limited information related to each payout that has  made the data almost entirely worthless. There is no information on  what the government did. There is no information on the claimant. We  are all familiar with, for example, when the previous administration  took $1.3 billion out of the fund and converted it to cash and  delivered it to Iran.   Four years ago, The New York Times reported what was likely an  illegal billion-dollar payout to farmers who had never even sued the  government. This isn't just unacceptable, it is crazy. It is horrible  government. It is what leads people to distrust the Federal Government.   It would require the Treasury to make payment out of this fund  public, and it would include very simple things that common sense would  simply demand.   This bill would name the agency. It would name the name of the  plaintiff and the amount that they were paid, then a brief description  of the facts around that claim.   Mr. Chairman, I will conclude by just saying the Judgment Fund  Transparency Act may not prevent bad decisions by all government  employees, but it will shine a light on decisions to the American  people. It is about helping to increase trust between the American  people and government, a government that we have given them reason not  to trust. Let's bring in accountability and transparency to that.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and the  language found within this bill.   