 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are having a chance now to take a  look at the House and Senate Republican tax plans. Both of these plans  were cooked up largely in secret, and as more information comes out, we  see more and more how much damage they are going to do to our country.   The plans have many features that overlap, and one of those  overlapping features is that both of them provide a massive tax  giveaway to big corporations and powerful special interests. The Wall  Street Journal, in an article just a little while back that was looking  at the House plan, talked about a provision that is also in the Senate  plan. They said that, at a 20-percent corporate tax rate, banks stand  to be among the biggest winners from tax reform according to S&P Global  Market Intelligence. The five biggest diversified U.S. banks alone  might have had tax savings of $11.5 billion in 2016 at that rate. In  other words, if that 20 percent rate had been in place back in 2016,  those big banks--the biggest banks--would have seen that huge windfall,  that huge additional profit.   A recent analysis from Bloomberg Law estimates that banks could see a  12-percent drop in their effective tax rates and an 18-percent increase  in their profits. This is at a time that the biggest banks in the  United States--not the community banks, but the biggest banks in this  country--are already making huge profits, and this just provides them  with an extra tax windfall that is going to be paid by millions of  middle-class taxpayers and paid by increasing our national debt.   Of course, as the national debt goes up, people will come around and  say: OK, let's also pay for them by cutting Medicare and Medicaid. In  fact, that is right there in the Senate Republican budget. So the  bottom line is that both the House and the Senate Republican tax plans  are big giveaways to big corporations, paid for by many other  Americans.   Now, this is not the only way the Trump administration is working to  provide big giveaways to the biggest banks. We remember back during the  financial crisis and the meltdown that taxpayers had to be brought in  to save big financial institutions in order to protect the larger  economy. It was a terribly difficult decision people had to make to  protect the economy, and at that time we said: Never again are we going  to allow the big banks on Wall Street to gamble in a way that leaves  taxpayers--all of our constituents--on the hook. They can take risks,  but they shouldn't be taking risks with taxpayer money. That was the  whole purpose of the Wall Street reforms.   Now comes the Trump administration, and in addition to a tax plan  that wants to provide big corporate breaks to the biggest banks, they  want to take down a lot of the guardrails that prevent banks from  taking big risks that taxpayers will end up paying for. One of the ways  they are trying to bring down those guardrails is by appointing people  to very important positions within the government who oversee the big  banks but who have a history of very cozy relationships with those big  banks, so that they can bring down the guardrails which, once again,  will expose taxpayers to the risks of gambling on Wall Street.   Mr. President, that brings me to the nomination that is before the  Senate today, the nomination of Joseph Otting to be the next  Comptroller of the Currency. With so much going on right now, I wish to  take one moment to step back and talk about what the Comptroller does,  because the Comptroller of the Currency plays a critical role in  ensuring the stability of our national banking system. It is there to  make sure that our banks don't blow up our financial system in the kind  of way we saw happen in 2008 and the years leading up to that.   The OCC has been an independent agency since the Civil War. The  Comptroller has to be confirmed with the advice and consent of the  Senate, and the reason that process was put in place was to make sure  we preserved the agency's independence and safeguarded our financial  system from the whims of the executive branch. You don't want somebody  at the head of the OCC who is simply the lackey for the  administration--whatever administration might be in power.   Now, the OCC is responsible for the supervision of more than 1,400  national banks and Federal savings associations and about 50 Federal  branches and agencies of foreign banks in the United States. These  institutions together comprise nearly two-thirds of the assets of the  commercial banking system. They require prudent, smart, reasonable  regulation to ensure that they comply with the laws that Congress has  passed to prevent another financial crisis--to prevent another  financial crisis in which it was not Wall Street executives who, at the  end of the day, were left holding the bag, but it was the American  people who had to pay the bill and who took it on the chin in the form  of a collapsing economy and lost jobs and wages.    Yet we see this President and the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.  Mnuchin, continuing down the path to lower those guardrails and expose  taxpayers to greater risk. One of the things they need to do that is to  have somebody at the head of OCC who is not going to be an independent  person but somebody who is willing to do the bidding of the Secretary  of the Treasury and the President of the United States.   As I said, normally the OCC leader is supposed to go through the  confirmation process to preserve that independence, but under the Trump  administration, they wanted to get going right away in lowering the  guardrails and giving big banks more running room even if that put  taxpayers at risk. So rather than offer a Senate nominee early in the  year, the President and Secretary Mnuchin used an underhanded tactic to  install a person by the name of Keith Noreika as Comptroller.   By using this procedure, they sidestepped the Senate confirmation  process and, by the way, also allowed Mr. Noreika to sidestep the Trump  administration's ethics pledge and ethics requirements. So that is who  is there right now--Mr. Noreika--and he has spent most of his career,  prior to taking that position, telling big banks how they can avoid  regulations that are designed to protect taxpayers and protect the  economy. In fact, if you look at the ethics forms that he did file, he  had to recuse himself from virtually all the major banks that the OCC  regulates. His work in the private sector created an unprecedented  series of conflicts of interests far more than any other person in that  position and underscoring the need for someone to have to go through  the Senate confirmation process, rather than trying to short-circuit  that process with underhanded tactics.   I was very concerned about the use of this runaround and asked the  Secretary's inspector general to initiate an investigation into the  means and  [[Page S7253]]  manner of that appointment, because what happened was that Mr. Noreika  was designated what is called ``a special government employee,'' or an  SGE. When you use that mechanism, you are only supposed to have the  person serve in that position for 130 days of the year. It is a very  unusual type of appointment and almost never used when it comes to the  head of an agency. In fact, this may be close to the first time.   Well, that 130-day deadline, if you count by calendar days, expired  in September. Yet now we have a new interpretation of the law, which is  a wild stretch, saying: Well, it is not calendar days. We are going to  count it as business days. But the whole point here is that this  mechanism--this underhanded mechanism--has been used to allow this new  person, Mr. Noreika, at the OCC.   In that period of time, by looking at what he has done, we can see he  wasn't installed there just to be a caretaker. He has been very active  in those early months in working very hard to lower many of the  protections we have put in place for taxpayers and for our financial  system. He was in the middle of the effort to repeal the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau's mandatory arbitration rule, to roll back  the OCC's Community Reinvestment Act supervisory guidance, and to  eliminate the deposit advance guidance rule, which is a rule that makes  it more difficult for national banks to provide payday loans at  outrageous rates that are unaffordable to the people who take them out.   Since Mr. Noreika has been at the OCC, the OCC has been involved in  helping one of his former clients circumvent Federal guidance intended  to prevent banks from shopping around for hands-off regulators who will  not scrutinize their activities--in other words, forum shopping for  bank regulators.   Just this morning, the Wall Street Journal reported that on November  7 the Bank of Tokyo converted the license of its New York State branch  from a State license to a Federal license. So why did they do that? Why  did they do that at this time? Well, this decision to change regulators  came in the middle of an ongoing investigation by the New York  Department of Financial Services into that bank's lack of scrutiny of  its clients, some of whom are suspected of evading U.S. sanctions on  Iran and North Korea.   Now, the OCC's licensing manual says that it draws heavily on  information received from the Office's current U.S. supervisor and  other confidential and supervisory information available to the OCC  when considering the application from a financial institution that  wants to switch from State supervision to Federal supervision. That  courtesy and that guideline were not applied in this case. That  information and that notice were not provided to the New York  Department of Financial Services, and the OCC has refused to act in  response to this effort by the financial institution to evade  oversight.   As a result, the Bank of Tokyo--which is a former client of the  current head of the OCC, Mr. Noreika--is now going to be supervised by  his office. It appears to have successfully dodged an active  investigation into its clients' potential evasion of U.S. sanctions on  foreign adversaries--in this case, North Korea and Iran. So that is the  person who was installed by the Trump administration during these first  months, from the beginning of the year until now, using this  underhanded method.   Finally, we now have the nomination put forward for the person who  will permanently be proposed to head up the OCC, Joseph Otting. In Mr.  Otting, we have another example of somebody whose entire career has  been spent working with banks and other major financial institutions to  try to evade important consumer protections and taxpayer protections.   In fact, Mr. Otting and his bank were able to profit very handsomely  from the mortgage crisis. The CEO of OneWest during part of that crisis  was the person who is now Secretary of the Treasury, Stephen Mnuchin.  He was the head of OneWest during the foreclosure crisis. During that  time, OneWest had what many have called a foreclosure machine in place.  Mr. Otting, who is going to be the head of the OCC--and whom we would  hope would be more independent, as required by the charter of the OCC-- was there working for the Secretary of the Treasury, Steve Mnuchin, at  OneWest. Mr. Otting was there working at OneWest when the bank  foreclosed on nearly 40,000 Americans. OneWest received more than $1  billion in taxpayer money to cover OneWest's losses.   Those are exactly the kind of losses we are trying to avoid in the  aftermath of the crisis; that we are trying to avoid by adopting the  Wall Street reform bill Dodd-Frank so taxpayers--our constituents-- aren't left holding the bag for decisions made by people like Mr.  Otting or Mr. Mnuchin.   According to one media summary, OneWest Bank ``rushed delinquent  homeowners out of their homes by violating notice and waiting period  statutes, illegally backdated key documents, and effectively gamed  foreclosure auctions.''   In the reverse mortgage business, OneWest-controlled firm Financial  Freedom engaged in practices that led to more than 16,000 foreclosures,  a far greater number than would be expected based on the company's  market share.   Elderly individuals who had recently suffered the death of a spouse  were victimized. In one case, Financial Freedom attempted to evict a  90-year-old woman from her home over a 27-cent error on her insurance  payment.   In another case, a New York State Supreme Court judge called  OneWest's foreclosure practices ``harsh, repugnant, shocking, and  repulsive.'' Yet the person who has now been nominated to lead the  OCC--Office of the Comptroller of the Currency--a person who is  supposed to be looking out for consumers' and taxpayers' interests and  providing for a sound banking system that doesn't melt down our  economy, is Mr. Otting. He was the person who was in the middle of  these OneWest foreclosure transactions.   I hope this body will not support that nomination.   