 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Reporting  Efficiently to Proper Officials in Response to Terrorism Act, or the  REPORT Act.   I introduced the REPORT Act a year after the San Bernardino terrorist  attack. Our community has seen more than its fair share of gun  violence, but this terrorist mass shooting claimed 14 lives, injured  another 22 people, and shook my community. In the days and weeks after,  we pledged to do all we could to prevent another attack like this from  happening ever again. This is what this bill seeks to do.   The REPORT Act requires the Department of Homeland Security to submit  a report to Congress when a terror attack occurs in the United States.  Under the bill, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination  with the United States Attorney General, the Federal Bureau of  Investigation, and the head of the National Counterterrorism Center  will produce a report detailing the attack and how to prevent future  attacks.   The idea is to have a uniform after-action report following a  terrorist attack here in the United States. There is currently no legal  requirement to create such a report. Specifically, this report will  include policy recommendations for lawmakers to make our communities  safer and to prevent the next San Bernardino, Boston, New York, or  Orlando.   Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill. It also has the support of  regional leaders in communities impacted by acts of terror. It has been  endorsed by my region's law enforcement community: San Bernardino  Police Chief Jarrod Burguan and Sheriff John McMahon. Chief Burguan and  Sheriff McMahon are my community's law enforcement leaders who led the  heroic response on December 2, 2015, and stopped the violent rampage,  preventing further loss of life.    The REPORT Act is a commonsense bill that will empower lawmakers with  the facts they need to create meaningful laws to thwart future attacks  of terror.   This bill is for the 14 killed and 22 injured in San Bernardino. It  is for my community. It is also for every American city touched by  these heinous acts of terrorism.   We can and must work together to protect our homeland, and I believe  this is a smart, bipartisan step to achieve that.   