 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from  Texas, Chairman Hensarling, for his guidance and leadership in  assisting me with this amendment. I would also like to thank the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Williams) for ensuring this Congress takes  the strongest possible position as it relates to Iran and ensuring that  we use every arrow in the proverbial quiver, financially speaking, so  that U.S. assets and U.S. resources are not used to proliferate terror  in a way that is consistent with Iran's paradigm and their budding  hegemony.   Across the Middle East, we see Iran funding terrorist proxies,  destabilizing the region, threatening their neighbors, and functioning  as an eyesore for the world. So I am glad to be here offering an  amendment to ensure that, as we use the tools at our disposal to limit  Iran's power to be a destabilizing sponsor of terror, we pay particular  focus to the activities going on currently in Syria.   In Syria now, a ceasefire has had an unintended consequence of giving  Iran space to be able to move in and make attempts to harden long-term  military assets, installations, so that troops could be housed and  potentially launch other attacks and fund and equip Iran's terrorist  proxies throughout the area.   It is no surprise that the facility that Iran most recently worked on  would have housed upwards of 5,000 soldiers. It is believed that,  potentially, Israel took action to ensure that the construction did not  continue on that particular facility.   My amendment, Mr. Speaker, conditions the provisions of this bill on  an attestation that Iran has not set up permanent, present military in  southern Syria. I think that is critically important.   In the last conversation I had with Prime Minister Netanyahu, he  indicated that Israel was most concerned, in all of the world, about  the risks posed by Iran setting up a permanent military presence in  southern Syria, and that that would cause potentially kinetic conflict,  war, and even more dramatic, catastrophic outcomes.   Again, I thank Chairman Hensarling and Mr. Williams for their strong  leadership. I offer this amendment to back our ally, Israel, and to  ensure that Iran does not have the capability to establish a permanent  military presence in southern Syria.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   