 I thank Mr. Smucker for yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to talk about education and workforce  preparedness.   Prior to serving in Congress, I dedicated my 35-year career to  workforce education, helping people develop skills necessary to get a  job and start a career path.   There is something about the pride that comes when someone builds the  skills necessary to start a career. Their whole world changes when they  see what they can achieve and the difference that makes for their  family.   I ran for Congress with the desire to make that opportunity possible  for all Americans; to help all Americans succeed, as I and so many  others in this Chamber have.   For some people, pursuing their desired career means a 4-year college  degree. I have also seen that that is not the right path for many  others. Yet, too often, those that wish to pursue careers in technical  areas lack the skills to gain the employment and access the skills  training necessary to move forward.   This leads to a problem we have all heard of, the skills gap. People,  young and mature, are unable to find jobs because they lack the  necessary skills, and employers are unable to find qualified staff to  fill their jobs.   We are seeing this repeatedly in my home State of Michigan. Several  companies that have been awarded incentives to grow and expand through  the Michigan Strategic Fund have had to dial back planned expansions  due to hiring challenges. The Pure Michigan Talent Connect website  lists nearly 100,000 open jobs and positions across a range of  industries. Businesses simply cannot find qualified individuals to fill  their open jobs. It threatens our Nation, and we must address it.   In efforts to assess the needs of our education system over the last  5 months, I have met with students, administrators, teachers, and  employers throughout my congressional district. Every single employer I  have met since I started office have told me the same thing, believe it  or not. They need more employees with the skills necessary, the core  technical skills necessary, to contribute in the workforce. Despite  expensive and extensive recruitment efforts, they can't find them. It  is creating a real problem.  [[Page H4807]]  They are turning down work and turning down opportunity and growth  across this Nation and in my district because they cannot find skilled  employees.   Schools in my community recognize this problem, but too often their  hands are tied, needing to ensure that students meet arbitrary  standards and testing metrics. Here is the irony: rather than ensuring  that they are prepared for employment in the community, we worry about  test scores.   School leaders throughout my district have asked for one thing: more  flexibility to offer choices to students and families to develop skills  to meet the needs of employers and, frankly, the needs of the 21st  century.   The Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century  Act would give additional flexibility to the community that education  leaders are asking for. It will also allow States to better accommodate  the local workforce needs. Schools, parents, employers, and teachers  have made it clear: career and technical education can be improved by  making it more relevant to students and employers, ensuring programs  are accountable, involving all stakeholders, and granting more  flexibility.   The bipartisan Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the  21st Century Act achieves those goals. I am proud to support it as one  step to expand the educational opportunities in choice in this country.   