 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the President's  nomination of Ajit Pai to head the Federal Communications Commission.   My view is that, Mr. Pai will do an enormous amount of damage to one  of the foundational principles of the internet--net neutrality. I am  going to outline why that would be a horrendous mistake for our  country.   After we came to use the internet and see what an extraordinary asset  it would be to our country, really beginning in the late 1990s, and  early 2000s, we laid out what I still consider to be the legal  foundation for the internet.   On a bipartisan basis, there was a big effort in the Senate and the  House to really lay out what were the foundational principles of the  net, and there were a variety of them. We wanted to make sure that  folks were not hit with multiple and discriminatory taxes, and that  they were not taxed on access to the internet. We wrote the digital  signatures act, which is of enormous benefit to people, for example, in  the Presiding Officer's home State of Nevada, where they are making  business transactions. We made a judgment, which some have said has led  to $1 trillion worth of private wealth for our economy, whereby we said  that we were not going to expose the small entrepreneur--the person who  is getting started in the garage--to needless litigation.   One of those core principles was net neutrality, which, in my view,  for the reasons that I am going to describe this morning, I think Mr.  Pai would work long and hard to try to undermine.   Because so much of the telecommunications debate sounds like a lot of  complicated lingo, I want to try to describe in something resembling  English what ``net neutrality'' is. Essentially, ``net neutrality''  means that after you have paid your internet access fee, you get to go  where you want, when you want, and how you want. In a sentence, that is  what net neutrality is all about, and it is a bedrock principle for  internet users in the Presiding Officer's home State of Nevada and in  Oregon and all across the country.   It locks in equal treatment to accessing the internet.   We are not going to have some kind of information aristocracy in our  society whereby the affluent have access to some kind of technological  treasure trove, and folks who do not have much are kind of stuck with  what almost resembles dial-up. That is not what we want for  communications policy in America. We want to give everybody a chance to  get ahead so that the kids in rural Oregon and rural Nevada have the  same kind of opportunities as youngsters in Beverly Hills or the Gold  Coast of Chicago or Palm Beach. We want to make sure everybody has a  chance to get ahead.   Mr. Pai says that he is for real net neutrality, and we have tried to  pin him down on a whole host of policies that really get him to commit  to the essence of it, but he mostly says a version of what the big  cable companies say. The big cable companies have  [[Page S6194]]  come to say: We like net neutrality. We are not going to block  anything. We are for the consumer; we are for the little guy. We just  do not want a whole lot of government.   They say that what they really would like is voluntary net  neutrality.   Let me tell my colleagues something. There is about as much  likelihood that the big cable companies will voluntarily subscribe to  net neutrality as there is the prospect that William Peter Wyden--one  of my 9-year-old twins, the boy--will voluntarily limit himself to one  dessert. It is just not going to happen. It is just not going to work.  Mr. Pai is on the side of the big cable companies. He has a long  history of putting those companies before the consumers--the big  corporate players over the small businesses--and pay to play over a  free and open internet.   I introduced the first strong net neutrality bill here in the Senate  in 2006. We all know that back then we were just starting the debate  about technology policy. The Senate was getting ribbed pretty seriously  by the late night talk show hosts who said that the internet was a  series of tubes. So, as I have indicated, what we have tried to do is  to make sure that if you pay your internet access fee, you get to go  where you want, when you want, and how you want.   Net neutrality has been the law of the land, and our economy has  grown around this leading principle with respect to equal access to  information and customers. Mr. Pai has said that he wants to take a  ``weed whacker'' to the strong, enforceable net neutrality rules. Right  away, with his quotes that are on the record, he is talking about  blowing up this notion of a level playing field, which is so crucial to  innovation and free speech online and that allows the startups to get  out of the garage to become the next YouTube and Google and EBay.   I want to emphasize that point.   People talk a lot about technology policy.   To my colleagues, this tech policy debate is about the little guy who  wants to be able to get his business out of the garage so that he can  become the next big guy. Net neutrality gives us the opportunity to  create opportunities for that small entrepreneur, the person who is a  small entrepreneur with big dreams.   Net neutrality prevents your internet service provider from favoring  one type of content over another. As an example, suppose your internet  provider has a financial stake in a third-party content site. It could  ensure that content goes to your home faster and clearer than to the  homes of its competitors if you did not have real net neutrality-- enforceable, real net neutrality, not something like Mr. Pai wants,  which is, oh, we will kind of pay lipservice to net neutrality but not  make it enforceable.   For example, you could have AT&T deciding to provide free data for  customers streaming HBO, which would cause more folks to subscribe to  that service over its competitors and starve other creators of the  subscribers necessary to create new and innovative content. That is the  kind of thing that happens if we do not have real net neutrality.   It even holds true for telehealth providers. Telehealth depends on  reliable, fast, and low-cost internet coverage to transmit critical  health information, especially in rural and remote areas--for example,  the remote monitoring of blood glucose levels in diabetes patients. Net  neutrality prevents the internet service providers from viewing this  lifesaving service as a cash cow, thus charging rural hospitals and  community health centers a premium fee to deliver critical and timely  healthcare services.   Not long ago, the Federal Communications Commission adopted a strong  legal framework that would make sure that the Federal Communications  Commission had the tools to protect the open internet, and the reality  was that, then, the Federal Communications Commission and a gentleman  named Mr. Tom Wheeler, who had a background in the industry, used their  experience in how companies operated and how they treated consumers to  make sure that we had constructive, real, and concrete consumer  protections.   The reason I feel so strongly about Mr. Pai's nomination is that Mr.  Pai made it clear with his comments about taking a weed whacker to  anything enforceable. He is going to roll back the rules, and then he  is going to claim to be fixing a problem that doesn't exist.   The reality is that we have strong net neutrality protections in  place right now. If you vote for Mr. Pai, make no mistake about it, you  are voting to roll back consumer protection. You are voting to take a  big step backward for the internet. You are going to hurt the people-- the small business people, the startups--who are dreaming in their  garage of the chance to be big and who are going to have a lot more  problems if there is a telecommunications policy that doesn't give them  a fair shake.   As I indicated, this notion of a voluntary solution to net neutrality  is absurd. I talked about it in the context of my own son. It would be  hilarious if I even suggested to my son that I am going to let him,  William, voluntarily limit himself to one dessert. He would smile and  wait until I got out of the room, and he would dig in for some more.  That is going to be the same thing if we embark on a net neutrality  policy that says: Let's just trust the big cable companies; the cable  companies, in their heart of hearts, are all about the little guy. They  are just going to voluntarily go along with net neutrality because they  are just that kind of good folks who want to make sure that the little  guy gets ahead. The fact is, Chairman Pai's track record demonstrates  that he is not in the consumers' corner.   Last year the Federal Communications Commission acted on the  responsibility given to it by the Congress to protect browsing history,  favored applications, and even the location of broadband users from the  ISP. During that vote, Mr. Pai voted no. He was, again, with cable  companies' profits over the American consumers' privacy.   During the August recess, Mr. Pai began an attempt to really backdoor  a proposal that would lower the acceptable standard speed of internet  access in rural areas. That is just wrong. Rural areas are already  facing huge broadband challenges. Last Saturday night, I was in Oak  Ridge, OR, which has a population of a little over 3,000. Earlier that  day, I had been to La Pine, OR, in Central Oregon. Right on the top of  their agenda is trying to find ways to expand opportunities for better  communications in rural areas and more opportunities for broadband.   So in the August recess, when communities like Oak Ridge and La Pine  want more opportunities in rural communities, we had the Chairman of  the Federal Communications Commission trying to sneak through a  proposal that would lower the acceptable standard speed of internet  access to rural America and hurt rural America. Make no mistake about  it. That would hurt rural America--the Oak Ridges and La Pines. It is  just wrong. The Congress mandated that the FCC expand access to high- speed internet to every American, and Mr. Pai basically said: No,  slower internet speed is good enough.   As I indicated, just this last weekend, on Saturday night, we had a  townhall in Oregon. I am telling you what these small communities are  telling me about their current frustrations with slow and  unsatisfactory internet speeds. Mr. Pai is giving a big gift to the  powerful interests, and their internet speeds are going to get slower  rather than what rural America wants, which is faster internet so that  they have more opportunities to participate in the global economy and  more opportunities to help their kids with their homework. Congress and  the Federal Communications Commission ought to be working for all to  have access to high-speed internet and not telling folks in rural  America that what they have is just good enough.   Mr. Pai has repeatedly failed on another matter, and that is to act  even in the face of clear danger to the security of America's mobile  phones. Despite years of warnings about well-known weaknesses in mobile  phone networks that allow hackers and spies to track Americans' phones,  intercept calls and messages, and hack the phones themselves, Mr. Pai  has taken a hands-off attitude. His Federal Communications Commission  says it is not going to force wireless carriers to fix the weaknesses,  and--what a surprise--his traditional answer is that ``voluntary  measures are going to do enough.'' I disagree because they haven't  worked.  [[Page S6195]]    We always talk about the role of government. I think this is an area  that really lends itself to thoughtful discussion because, obviously,  we don't want government if you can figure out a way to solve a problem  without it. The voluntary measures have not worked here on these basic  security issues I have described. The self-regulation approach has  failed. The Federal Communications Commission has to force the carriers  to secure their networks and protect America's critical communications  infrastructure. The failure to act on this security issue means that  the American people are going to be less safe.   I close by saying that my view is that net neutrality has sparked the  flames of innovation and commerce on the internet. Net neutrality has  been one of the foundational principles that we started working on in  the late 1990s and in the early part of this century. It was up there  in terms of importance, like trying to prevent multiple and  discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce, particularly taxing  internet access, and the digital signatures law, making sure that you  couldn't hold somebody personally liable if they were to invest in a  website or a blog. These were foundational principles that have been of  enormous benefit to our country, and net neutrality was one of those. I  guess it would be the fourth in the list of foundational principles  that we talked about and have been talking about for well over a  decade.   We should be building on net neutrality, not walking it back. I  believe that what Mr. Pai is talking about is a significant retreat  from the freedom and openness that the internet is all about.   I urge my colleagues to vote against the confirmation of Mr. Pai.  Vote in favor of a truly open internet.   I yield the floor, as I note the Democratic leader is here to speak.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am going to take some time this afternoon  to respond to the remarks of the President's top economic adviser, Mr.  Gary Cohn, with respect to this administration's approach to taxes.   Let me be clear right at the outset. The President and his parade of  millionaires are executing a middle-class con job. I am going to be  very specific in saying why I reached that judgment with respect to  what they are saying about taxes.   The President said: ``I don't benefit. Very, very strongly I think  there's very little benefit for people of wealth.'' Those are the  President's exact words. ``It's not good for me, believe me,'' the  President said in his speech unveiling the tax reform blueprint on  Wednesday.   Unless the President paid zero tax, the President is going to benefit  enormously from his tax plan. His family would save billions if the  estate tax is eliminated, as he has proposed. His more than 500  passthroughs will be able to take advantage of the new Grand Canyon- sized passthrough loophole that his plan proposes. Based on his 2005  tax return--that is the only one available--the President would save  millions each year if the alternative minimum tax is eliminated.   Today, the President's top adviser, Gary Cohn, said: ``We've also  said that wealthy Americans are not getting a tax cut.'' They expect  you to believe them and not your lying eyes.   I want to take a few minutes and describe exactly what the well-to-do  are getting in this bill.   The plan outlined by the Trump administration would cost upwards of  $5 trillion, and it is overwhelmingly skewed toward the wealthy and the  biggest corporations. It lowers the corporate rate from 35 to 20, and  much of that goes to wealthy shareholders.   The new passthrough, which would give this big gift to high-flyers,  hedge funds, basically would let them start calling ordinary income  business income, so it could be taxed at a much lower rate, and they  would in the process harm Social Security and Medicare because they  aren't paying those payroll taxes.   I mentioned the estate tax. This is for just a few thousand people.  The exemption for a couple is already $11 million. This break would  cost the American people between $250 to $270 billion. That is an awful  lot of money to parcel out to a few thousand families.   They would lower the individual top rate from 39.6 to 35 percent.  Let's make no mistake about it--the President of the United States and  his top economic adviser have said they are not going to give tax cuts  to the wealthy. That is not what they said yesterday. They said that  the top rate was going to go down from 39.6 to 35 percent. And to add  insult to injury, for those at the bottom of the economic system who  pay 10 percent now, theirs would go up to 12 percent. So this is just  making a mockery out of the President's pledge that this was going to  be about working families and not about the wealthy. The fact is, with  respect to the middle class, the Trump team is running a sleight-of- hand shell game. What they give with one hand, they just take away with  the other.    They touted yesterday that they were going to be helping middle-class  folks by doubling the standard deduction. First of all, that is walking  back the bipartisan proposal we had here in the Senate--written by  myself and my colleague Dan Coats, now a member of the Trump  administration--that would triple the standard deduction.   What is particularly outrageous is that the Trump people aren't  leveling with those middle-class families. Basically, they are saying:  Oh, you are really going to do well. You are going to double the  standard deduction. What they don't tell them is that they are going to  eliminate the personal exemption that large middle-class families rely  on. In effect, those large middle-class families--I think a lot of  working-class families who may have supported the President--are going  to see a tax increase under the President's tax outline that we heard  about yesterday, even with this larger standard deduction.   The President's team also took a big pass on the opportunity to  expand the child tax credit to make sure more working families would  benefit from it. There are no specifics about the child tax credit in  this plan.   The Treasury Secretary went on FOX News and said that the tax plan is  going to cut the deficit by a trillion dollars. Mr. Mnuchin is doubling  down on the failed experiment--the idea that the tax cuts, in effect,  pay for themselves through economic growth. History shows that just is  not true.   The tax cuts don't pay for themselves. The 2001 and 2003 Bush tax  cuts were billed as tax relief for the middle class to spark economic  growth. Instead, the benefits skewed to those at the very top, and they  added trillions of dollars to America's debt. Middle-class wages fell.  Unemployment increased. This is a pattern that working families,  middle-class families, cannot afford to have repeated.   Now the Secretary of Treasury's claim is: Well, the Trump tax cuts  will not just pay for themselves; they are going to bring in an  additional $1 trillion in revenue atop their own cost. William Peter  Wyden, age 9, my son, would say: That is just a bunch of whoppers. It  couldn't be further from the truth.   As even Republican-appointed Budget Office Director Keith Hall has  said and made clear, the tax cuts do not pay for themselves: ``No, the  evidence is that tax cuts do not pay for themselves.'' Those are the  words of the Budget Director appointed by the Republicans.   That Budget Director, Mr. Keith Hall, went on to say that the models  they are doing--the macroeconomic effects, the fancy kind of economic  lingo for the big picture in the long term--show it.   The other comment that was noteworthy from Mr. Gary Cohn is that the  President remains committed to ending the carried interest deduction.  Despite his campaign promise that won him bouquets from political  commentators and typical middle-class voters, once again, the  President's plan doesn't close the carried interest loophole. This is  the second big occasion on which the President has failed to follow  through on his campaign promise.   A few months ago, in the spring, they had a one-page outline. They  said that was where they were going on taxes. They said that one-page  outline was shorter than a typical Fred Meyer receipt. Fred Meyer is  kind of an iconic store in our State. They had one page then and didn't  do anything about following through on the President's promise to get  rid of the carried interest loophole.   Yesterday--again, we didn't get a bill, but at least when you kind of  eliminate all the white space, they put out close to five pages. Once  again, they didn't close the carried interest loophole.   In fact, the plan gives such massive tax cuts to those at the top,  investment managers will not be the only  [[Page S6216]]  people who can get away with paying less than their fair share. Many of  the megawealthy are going to be able to do so. It is all going to be  legal under the President's plan.   What is the one question on which the Trump team doesn't bend the  truth? Whether their plan will protect the middle class from a tax  hike. On ABC, the Trump adviser, Mr. Cohn, said that he couldn't  guarantee taxes will not go up for middle-class folks. On ABC, the  Treasury Secretary said that he couldn't guarantee middle-class folks  would not pay more under the tax plan.   What is really striking about this, and it is quite a contrast, is  that what people at the very top are going to get is spelled out in  detail--in detail. They are going to see the abolition of the estate  tax, an incredible windfall to a few thousand families.   Middle-class folks--can't guarantee you will not pay more. Mr. Cohn  said: We are aiming to help the middle class. But then he was asked:  Would you commit to it? His answer: Well, I don't know. There might be  somebody somewhere.   Then there are State and local taxes. He just wouldn't stand behind  the middle class the way that this administration stands foursquare  behind those at the top. It is why I have said that the President and  his parade of millionaires are executing a middle-class con job, and we  sure saw it today.   The President's ultrawealthy, out-of-touch advisers clearly fail to  understand that the time is now to deliver tax relief to middle-class  folks who need it most. It is time to go back to the drawing board and  come up with a plan that doesn't threaten middle-class Americans,  particularly those with larger families, and doesn't hit them with a  tax increase they can't afford.   I want to close by way of saying that on our side, we have repeatedly  said we share the view that the tax system is a dysfunctional, broken- down mess filled with loopholes. Then you have the inversion virus.  Often my wife says: Why don't you stop there? Any more is going to  frighten the children.   We share the view that the tax system is broken. I have been very  proud over the years to join two senior Republicans, close allies--the  majority leader, Mitch McConnell--in a tax reform proposal that is  bipartisan that really puts the focus on the middle class and on red,  white, and blue jobs.   Our proposal--the outline laid out by Democrats--was that there had  to be fiscal responsibility, it had to focus on the middle class, and  the tax relief couldn't go to the 1 percent. The bill I wrote that had  Republican support, the outline led by the distinguished Democratic  leader, Senator Schumer, doesn't even go as far as Ronald Reagan and  the Democrats went in 1986.   President Reagan, whom no one would call a flaming liberal, entered  into an agreement with Democrats in 1986 that said there would be equal  treatment of income earned by a cop or a nurse with that earned by  someone from a hedge fund or an investment shop.   In effect, Ronald Reagan said that a dollar is a dollar is a dollar.  Everything ought to be treated fairly. That was important then, and it  is even more important now because, in reality, there are two tax  systems in America. There is one for the cop and the nurse. They have  their taxes taken out every paycheck. That taxation is compulsory--no  Cayman Island deal for them.   Then there is another tax system for the kind of people who benefit  from what the President outlined yesterday. Those are the high-fliers.  They get to pay what they want when they want to. I think it is very  unfortunate that what the President has described is another gift to  that group I just described, who pay what they want when they want to.  To quote the President, it is really sad to hear that this  administration and the President are pretending that they are doing  something else and putting the focus on the middle class when what they  really are doing is advancing the cause of the parade of millionaires,  a number of whom are part of this administration.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   