 Mr. Speaker, this legislation is named after Taylor  Force, and I wanted to say what a special honor it is that his parents  are with us here today.   I would like to especially thank the Speaker and majority leader for  bringing this legislation to the floor for a vote. I also want to thank  Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel for their leadership and strong  bipartisan support.   I introduced this bill last Congress and reintroduced it this  Congress with Representative Lee Zeldin because we absolutely must  ensure that American taxpayer dollars don't incentivize terrorist  attacks on our own citizens as well as Israelis. This commonsense  measure now has 170 cosponsors.   I think most of the American people are aware of Taylor's story by  now, but it bears repeating again as we prepare to vote on this  legislation in the people's House.   Last year, a 28-year-old American student named Taylor Force was  visiting Israel on a school trip. While walking near the beach in Tel  Aviv, a 22-year-old Palestinian stabbed him to death in a terrorist  attack.   Taylor Force was an Eagle Scout, West Point graduate, and a veteran  of both Iraq and Afghanistan. He represents everything any parent could  want their son or daughter to be.   As we know, Mr. and Mrs. Force lost their treasured son in this  terror attack. They were left with only photographs and memories.   The terrorist who murdered Taylor was killed shortly after by the  police, but the killer's family was left with something else: a  lucrative financial reward.   The Palestinian Authority, led by President Mahmoud Abbas, gives  financial rewards for terrorist attacks. The more people killed in an  attack, the higher the financial reward. Families of terrorists receive  a pension for life, which is triple the average salary in the West  Bank, as well as a receiving free tuition and health insurance, a  clothing allowance, and a monthly stipend.   More money goes to these kinds of payments than go to the entire  civil service of the Palestinian Authority. This must be stopped.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and  send as strong and clear a message as possible that the United States  will not allow our taxpayer dollars to be used to incentivize terrorist  attacks.   