 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense  amendment that prevents the Federal Government from infringing on the  Second Amendment rights of sportsmen and sportswomen in Ohio and from  around the country.   Under the Obama administration, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,  Firearms, and Explosives--the ATFE--proposed a new framework for  interpreting a Gun Control Act and for determining which projectiles  should qualify for the sporting purpose exemption. This framework would  have withdrawn the exemptions for certain 5.56-millimeter ammunition,  including the M855, because the ATFE felt that they should be  classified as armor-piercing ammunition. The M855 is one of the most  commonly used ammunitions in the United States and is widely used by  target shooters and hunters. Ultimately, due to overwhelming public  opposition, the ATFE withdrew their proposal.   In order to guard against new attempts to ban this popular and  commonly used ammunition, I am offering this amendment, which prohibits  the ATFE from using funds to reclassify M855 ammunition. Again, this  amendment is codifying the ATFE's own stance.   As a lifetime hunter and competitor at the National Rifle and Pistol  Championship matches at Camp Perry in Ohio, I fully support our Second  Amendment right to bear arms, and I oppose any efforts to intrude on  these rights. I believe that is what the ATFE attempted to do in 2015.   I also thank the chairman from Texas for his work on this issue in  the previous Congress. I ask my colleagues to join me in support of  this amendment to protect the rights of sportsmen and sportswomen.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Culberson), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice,  Science, and Related Agencies.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, again, the ATF received over 80,000 comments  on their proposal. In their own words: ``The vast majority of the  comments received were critical of the framework and include issues  that deserve further study.''   Again, this amendment is only codifying the ATFE's own stance. Again,  I ask my colleagues to protect the rights of our sportsmen and  sportswomen, and to support the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   