 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 806,  the Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2017, introduced by my friend  and colleague, Pete Olson. This bill is necessary to shield States from  job-killing mandates and ozone levels proposed by the Obama  administration in October of 2015.   Most States are just beginning to adopt the 75 parts per billion  ozone standard proposed in 2008, as the EPA didn't announce  implementation guidance and a final rule until March 6 of 2015. Rather  than allowing time for that standard to be implemented, the Obama  administration moved the goalposts and unilaterally sought to  dramatically lower the ozone standard once again to 70 parts per  billion in October 2015.   Industry analysis projects that more than 950 different counties  throughout the country will immediately be in nonattainment under the  October 2015, 70 parts per billion standard. To make matters worse, the  70 parts per billion standard is not currently attainable in 9 of 10  counties in Arizona that measure ozone levels.   When pristine national parks like the Grand Canyon, Yosemite, and  Rocky Mountain are in danger of being in nonattainment under the  proposed Obama standard, there is a serious problem with the numbers.   The Chamber of Commerce has reported that counties classified as in  nonattainment can have important permits denied by the EPA and  important Federal highway and transportation projects suspended.   The Arizona Chamber Foundation and Prosper Foundation stated: ``The  EPA's new ozone standard of 70 parts per billion will virtually be  impossible for Arizona to meet due to Arizona's high level of  background, limited local sources, and unique geography. . . .  Implementation of the current rule in Arizona is not reasonable, based  in sound science, or achievable.''   Tri-State stated: ``In order to preserve our co-op-member owners  access to affordable and reliable electricity, Tri-State Generation and  Transmission Association wholeheartedly supports H.R. 806.''  [[Page H5947]]    The National Taxpayer Union stated: ``The costs are high for States  and localities, regardless of whether they achieve attainment . . .  jobs and investments will go elsewhere without more feasible,  predictable reforms that are present in H.R. 806.''   Even the Obama administration projected in 2010 the unrealistic  standard we are debating today would cost our economy between $19 to  $25 billion annually.   The previous administration also admitted it did not have a clear  plan for dealing with background ozone generated by factors outside a  State's control. This means the Obama EPA was literally attempting to  punish States for ozone pollution that is created in other States like  California, or in Mexico, or even China.   The October 2015 Obama ozone rule will force companies to close their  doors and kill countless jobs throughout the country if this bill is  not passed.   I thank the gentleman from Texas for sponsoring this much-needed  legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this  commonsense bill.   