 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to a  resolution that will roll back nearly 45 years of OSHA workplace safety  enforcement precedents. We would be reversing a precedent that helps  ensure every American worker heads homes safely at the end of their  shift.   This resolution is an effort by my Republican colleagues to overturn  a rule issued by OSHA on December 16, 2016, entitled, ``Clarification  of Employer's Continuing Obligation to Make and Maintain an Accurate  Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness.'' As the title says, this  rule provides employers with clarification on the requirements to  timely report and record workplace injury and illnesses. This rule adds  no new employer requirements that differ from 45 years of policy. The  rule supports a practice that law-abiding businesses comply with and  have operated under since passage of the Occupational Safety and Health  Act of 1970. Passing this resolution and repealing this rule only  creates a safe harbor for businesses that have broken the law in the  last 5 years or don't intend to follow longstanding rules created to  protect the safety and health of workers.   For nearly the last 45 years, OSHA has required employers, with the  exception of small employers, to timely report workplace injury and  illnesses to the Department of Labor and maintain a record of such  incidents going back at least 5 years. If an employer failed to do  either, they could be cited and penalized. OSHA's rule issued last  December simply maintains this longstanding practice.   This resolution aims to change that record keeping requirement, or  lookback period, from 5 years to 6 months. So if an unscrupulous  employer fails to report a worker injury or illness and OSHA doesn't  discover the underreporting and cite the employer in the first 6 months  after the incident occurred, the employer is able to get away with it  and the data used to identify dangerous industries or worksites is  lost.   Accurate injury and illness records are critical for the protection  of workers and for OSHA to direct the most efficient use of their  limited resources, and the more data they have, the better. With their  current resources, OSHA is only able to inspect a workplace, on  average, once every 140 years. That is clearly not sufficient,  especially when over 4,800 workers were killed in 2015 and almost 3  million more suffered a serious workplace injury or illnesses. The OSHA  reporting rule is critical for OSHA to conduct a thorough  investigation, enforce accurate recordkeeping requirements, and focus  limited resources on industries and bad actors that pose the greatest  risk to worker safety.   Take, for instance, the Exel Corporation, a Pennsylvania warehouse  and trucking company, which hired hundreds of foreign students on  temporary visas, and was cited for numerous unrecorded injuries after  some students were seriously injured on the job. Only after students  fought for fair pay and safer working conditions and OSHA was able to  conduct an investigation was it revealed that, for years, the company  had withheld wages and willfully failed to record about half the  serious injuries to student workers as well as other serious health and  safety violations.   By the time DOL had completed their lengthy investigation, the Wage  and Hour division recovered over $200,000 in wages withheld from 1,028  foreign student workers. OSHA cited the company for dozens of  unrecorded injuries, all of which occurred over the 6-month period  before OSHA issued the violations, and a penalty of $283,000. About  two-thirds of the $283,000 penalty was for unrecorded violations that  occurred outside the 6-month statute of limitations window this CRA is  proposing to codify.   In response, the Exel Corporation accepted all the penalties, agreed  to pay half the total fine, and instituted a new corporate-wide program  to fix their recordkeeping practices which added safety protections for  roughly 40,000 workers at over 500 facilities nationwide.   None of those violations and the associated fine would have been  allowed if a narrower 6-month statute of limitations was in place as  this resolution proposes to do. I think it is safe to say that Exel's  new corporate-wide program that added protections for 40,000 workers in  500 facilities nationwide would not have been implemented either.   Efforts to repeal the OSHA reporting rule and 45 years of OSHA  enforcement precedent, without even a hearing or vigorous debate, is  reckless and runs contrary to any proworker vision. The change in  longstanding OSHA precedent was prompted by a DC Circuit Court ruling  in the 2012 Volks Constructors v. Secretary of Labor case. After that  decision, OSHA revised its recordkeeping regulation to conform with  guidance provided in a concurring opinion. If there is a legal  disagreement regarding the authority of OSHA to cite employers for  continuing violations, we should let the legal process conclude before  any congressional or legislative action is taken.   The OSHA reporting rule is a fair occupational safety standard, and  that is why every administration in the last 45 years, Democratic and  Republican, has enforced the requirement this rule clarifies.   Opponents of the OSHA reporting rule and supporters of this CRA  resolution claim that the OSHA rule would extend the statute of  limitations on recordkeeping paperwork violations and that this CRA  resolution is necessary to protect jobs, eliminate burdensome  regulations and protect small business. None of that is accurate.   The OSHA reporting rule does not kill jobs; it creates no new  employer obligations that are different from what they were required to  uphold for nearly 45 years. And the rule does not cover small  businesses.   What the rule does do is save employers from killing and maiming  workers. It gives OSHA the tools it needs to identify dangerous  industries, reckless employers, as well as punish those who break the  law at the expense of worker health and safety and businessowners who  obey the law.   No law-abiding business, which values the safety of its workers and  the information used to make the workplace even safer, should be at a  competitive disadvantage facing a competitor that underreports injuries  and cuts corners at the expense of workers' safety.   The safety of the American worker and a level playing field for law  abiding employers should not be a partisan issue. I encourage my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me, working Americans,  and the millions of law-abiding businesses that strive to create a safe  workplace and oppose this resolution. Vote no on H.J. Res. 83.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, last year, the Occupational Safety and  Health Administration clarified employers' continuing duty to keep  records of work-related injuries and illnesses. Today the congressional  majority is using the Congressional Review  [[Page S1914]]  Act to both repeal this rule and prevent OSHA from doing anything  similar. I support the rule and oppose the resolution to repeal it.   In 1970, Congress found that workplace injuries and illnesses result  in lost production, lost wages, medical expenses, and disability  compensation payments. In response, Congress enacted the Occupational  Safety and Health Act of 1970 to ensure that employers provide workers  with safe and healthful workplaces.   To carry out the law, Congress directed the Secretary of Labor to  issue regulations requiring employers to make and maintain accurate  records of work-related injuries and illnesses. In the legislative  history of the law, the House Committee on Education and Labor found  that State reporting requirements varied widely and concluded that  Congress had an ``evident Federal responsibility'' to provide for  ``accurate, uniform reporting standards.'' The report of the Senate  Committee on Labor and Public Welfare found that ``full and accurate  information is a fundamental precondition for meaningful administration  of an occupational safety and health program.''   In 1971, OSHA issued its first recordkeeping regulations. OSHA  revised these regulations in 2001 to make the recordkeeping system  easier to use.   OSHA's recordkeeping regulations require employers to keep records of  certain injuries and illnesses in the workplace and to make that  information available to employees, OSHA, and the Bureau of Labor  Statistics. Employers must record work-related injuries and illnesses  resulting in death, loss of consciousness, days away from work,  restricted work activity or job transfer, medical treatment beyond  first aid, or a diagnosis of a significant injury or illness by a  doctor or other healthcare professional.   Accurate injury and illness records give employers information that  they need. The records make employers more aware of the kinds of  injuries and illnesses that occur and the hazards that contribute to  them. That allows employers to identify and correct hazardous workplace  conditions. Injury and illness records thus help employers to manage  workplace safety and health more effectively.   Similarly, injury and illness records give workers information that  they can use. Workers who are aware of the hazards around them are more  likely to follow safe work practices and to report workplace hazards.  That contributes to the overall level of safety and health in the  workplace.   As the UAW said in its letter opposing the resolution to disapprove  of the rule: ``Accurate injury and illness records are critically  important for workers and their families. Having the necessary tools to  collect complete and accurate data on work-related injuries and  illnesses is a key component in reducing, mitigating, and eliminating  hazards and deaths in the workplace.''   Injury and illness records give OSHA an important source of  information for smart enforcement. The records allow OSHA to focus its  inspection on the hazards that the data reveal. The records allow OSHA  to help identify the most dangerous types of worksites and the most  common safety and health hazards.   As the American Public Health Association wrote: ``Public health  professionals understand the critical importance of accurate  information to help identify hazards in order to develop and implement  better health and safety protections. One important source of that  information is the records some employers are required to keep on work- related injuries and illnesses. These records are invaluable for  employers, workers and OSHA to monitor the cause and trends of injuries  and illnesses. Such data is essential for determining appropriate  interventions to prevent other workers from experiencing the same  harm.''   In 2012, in the case of AKM LLC doing business as Volks Constructors  v. Secretary of Labor, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of  Columbia Circuit held that the law does not permit OSHA to impose a  recordkeeping obligation on employers that continues beyond the  expiration of the law's 6-month statute of limitations. While OSHA  disagreed with the court's ruling, it agreed that its recordkeeping  regulations needed clarification. So OSHA issued its rule amending its  recordkeeping regulations to clarify that the duty to make and maintain  accurate records of work-related injuries and illnesses is an ongoing  obligation. OSHA made clear that the duty to record an injury or  illness continues, as long as the employer is required to keep records  of the recordable injury or illness and does not expire just because  the employer failed to create the necessary records when it was first  required to do so.   The new rule adds no new compliance obligations. It does not require  employers to make records of any injuries or illnesses for which  records are not currently required to be made.   The rule clarifies that, if an employer fails to record an injury or  illness within 7 days, the obligation to record continues on past the  7th day. If the employer records the injury on some later day, the  violation ceases at that point, and OSHA would need to issue any  citation within 6 months of the cessation of the violation.   Every Presidential administration since 1972 has supported OSHA's  interpretation of the law.   Repealing the rule would lessen OSHA's enforcement ability. It would  allow employers to get away with systematic underreporting of injuries  over many years, and it would decrease worker safety.   As the AFL-CIO wrote in its letter opposing the resolution: ``Without  the new rule, it will be impossible for OSHA to effectively enforce  recordkeeping requirements and assure that injury and illness records  are complete and accurate. In the absence of enforcement, there is no  question that the underreporting of injuries, already a widespread  problem, will get much worse, undermining safety and health and putting  workers in danger.''   And as National Nurses United wrote: ``By revoking OSHA's authority  to enforce recordkeeping requirements, this Congressional Review Act  (CRA) resolution denudes the agency of the tools necessary to identify  and target patterns of workplace hazards . . . . The elimination of  OSHA's ability to enforce rules on workplace safety records allows--and  even incentivizes--employers to obscure ongoing workplace hazards.''   Good decisionmaking relies on good information. OSHA's regulation  helps to ensure that employers keep good records. The pending  resolution to repeal that rule goes in the wrong direction, and thus I  oppose the resolution and urge my colleagues to vote against it.   