 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, one goal we share in this body, which  is a very bipartisan goal, is keeping faith with our veterans, making  sure no veteran is left behind.   I had the great honor to work as ranking member with Senator Isakson,  the chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, on a bill called the  Veterans First Act that unfortunately failed to cross the finish line  during the last session. One of the major goals of that bill was to  ensure accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs so  employees of the VA who fail to do their job are held accountable. That  goal of accountability is one of a number that must be pursued and will  be sought during this session, including ending the backlog of appeals  and providing better healthcare, ensuring skills training and job  opportunities for our veterans.    Today the President signed an Executive order at the Department of  Veterans Affairs to designate an individual responsible for  accountability and whistleblower protection, a worthwhile first step.  It is a commendable step toward accountability. But that individual and  the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection must have  real responsibility and power and must be insulated from any kind of  political interference through establishment through statute. That  office should be established by statutory authority. That is why I will  be advocating and likely introducing legislation that involves  supporting and training employees and listening to veterans about what  they want from the VA through that Office of Accountability and  Whistleblower Protection, to provide real accountability to the  Congress by requiring reporting to Congress about what it finds and  real whistleblower protection, so that anybody who complains about the  VA's misdirected or misguided action is assured protection against any  kind of revenge or retaliation, which is the essence of whistleblower  protection, and a Senate-confirmed director so that the accountability  function is, again, accountable to us. That kind of statutory  embodiment is necessary to make sure that the Office of Accountability  and Whistleblower Protection has power and reporting requirements so  that it is accountable to us as elected representatives and advocates  for our veterans.   My hope is that the Senate and House will adopt that provision, one  that was contained in the Veterans First bill that Senator Isakson and  I championed during the last Senate and which I hope we will pursue  again in a very bipartisan way.   I also hope that the Senate will take up and pass S. 12, the  Increasing the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability to  Veterans Act of 2017. My colleague, Senator Moran, a cosponsor with me,  spoke about it earlier today. It would provide reduction of benefits  for senior executives and certain healthcare employees of the  Department of Veterans Affairs if they have been convicted of a felony  in connection with their work. VA employees who commit serious crimes  in connection with their employment should not be receiving pensions.  That is one of the key provisions to activate a deterrent to misconduct  and also to assure that misconduct is adequately punished.   Accountability for leaders who manage the Department of Veterans  Affairs Employee Affairs would be another goal of this legislation, S.  12, so that the men and women who hire and fire are themselves  evaluated when they do those jobs.   These kinds of details are important--as important as any new office  with an individual whose unspecified powers may include them or not.  Right now they do not, under the Executive order, specifically include  such enumerated powers. That is our job, to make sure that this office  of accountability is real in its responsibility, is clearly assigned in  its functions, is held accountable for its performance and has real  teeth, not just rhetoric.   I am hopeful that we will move ahead with this very, very important  office to make sure that our veterans receive what they deserve--real  accountability, a genuine assurance that the people who serve them will  do their jobs, not just adequately but excellently. That is the goal  that I believe we will share.   I welcome this Executive order. I believe we can and must do more to  make sure that the VA keeps faith with our veterans and leaves no  veterans behind.   Thank you, Mr. President.  [[Page S2600]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   