 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the  Building a Better America budget. Last month, our country's national  debt exceeded $20 trillion. Interest payments under that alone are  scheduled to go up to $768 billion per year and will skyrocket to $1  trillion should these artificially low interest rates return to their  normal levels.   The debt not only threatens to bankrupt our country, it threatens our  children's future and the American Dream.   Now, we can't change the culture of spending in Washington overnight,  but this budget puts us on the right path to fiscal sustainability. Our  budget balances in 10 years, works to begin paying down the debt, and  promotes job growth policies like tax, regulatory, and entitlement  reform.   For the first time in decades, this budget resolution finally directs  Congress to address mandatory spending, the main driver of these  deficits. As this graph shows, if nothing is done to address  entitlement programs and our interest payments, mandatory spending will  fully eclipse the Federal budget in the next few years.   Now, politicians in Washington have promised to address exploding  debt and deficits for years, but now we have the opportunity to  actually do it. We cannot solve our debt crisis, however, without  economic growth. That is why our budget provides reconciliation  instructions for tax reform.   Today we have a Tax Code that is overly complicated, punishes work,  rewards special interests, and discourages job creation and investments  here in America. The result has been an anemic recovery of only 1 or 2  percent. This stagnation has made it harder for families in Minnesota  and all over the United States to realize the American Dream.   That is what this is about. Every time tax reform has been tried in  the 1920s, in the 1960s, in the 1980s, it has worked to make America  globally competitive by encouraging private sector investment that is  more productive.   That is why today I urge my colleagues to support this budget, tax  reform, economic growth, and fiscal sanity.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from  Georgia for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to the Congressional Black  Caucus substitute budget if for no other reason that there is a price  on work, savings, and investment. When you raise that price too high,  guess what you get? You get less work, savings, and investment, and you  get less economic growth.   Look at the growth rates we have had over the last 10 years under  astronomical debt and deficits. If spending could create an economic  juggernaut, we would have one now. But instead, we have got 1.5 percent  growth, 1.9 percent growth, and 2 percent growth--nowhere near what the  prospending lobby would suggest.   Yet, if you look at the 1920s, if you look at the 1960s, and if you  look at the 1980s--remember JFK in that famous Economic Club of New  York speech said that the surest way to raise revenues is to cut tax  rates now.   It worked then, it worked in the 1920s, and it will work right now as  it did in the 1980s as well.   The reason is simple. The reason is very simple. Once you lower the  price of work, savings, and investment, you not only get more of that,  but you leave more capital in the private sector where it is put to  use.   When you have capital put to use in the private sector, workers  become more productive, and they earn more. I have always said the  truck driver is much more productive with the truck, and the people who  have the capital that can buy the truck is what makes the economy go.   We don't have a revenue problem in this country. Last year, we had  record tax revenues: $3.26 trillion, yet a deficit of $587 billion. We  have a spending problem, and the CBC budget increases spending above  the CBO baseline over 10 years, while our budget is underneath the CBO  baseline for 10 years. Our budget cuts taxes across the board including  eliminating the bottom rate that we suggest in our tax reform plan.   This is a question of American vision and the American Dream. Our  vision is for more capital in the private sector, more incentives to  work, savings, and investment, and more people with rising incomes.  Their vision is to protect the government budget.   Mr. Chairman, so I stand in opposition to this particular substitute  budget.   