 Thank you, Madam President, for the recognition.   Madam President, today I wish to talk a little bit about something  very obscure that is buried in this budget bill, but it is something  that is very, very important to me. First, before I talk about the  specific policy issues, I just want to talk about a personal  exploration I had. This is with regard to  [[Page S6510]]  the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and this special area up here  called the 1002 area.   I had the opportunity in the 1980s to take a raft trip down across  this Arctic Coastal Plain and down to the sea, and part of the reason  was that many of the Alaska Senators at the time used to say: If you  are going to make policy in Alaska, you ought to see that part of  Alaska. So I took the opportunity to see it. I took a raft trip down a  river called the Hula Hula River, which flows out of the Brooks Range,  a large mountain range, into the Beaufort Sea.   I can say that from my personal experience, this is one of the  wildest, most magnificent places on the Earth.   I would like to talk a little bit about the creatures and critters we  saw there. We saw the beginning of the caribou migration, which occurs  over in Canada to this area in Alaska, where they calf on the 1002  area. It is one of the biggest migrations in the world of a mammal  species. We saw grizzly bears. One grizzly bear actually came into our  camp, and we had to retreat and watch whatever it was going to do until  it moved along. We saw musk oxen. We saw polar bears. We saw what a  marvelous and incredible area this was and what a rich, rich ecosystem  it was.   I was reminded of my Uncle Mo, Congressman Morris Udall, who was the  author in 1980 of legislative protections for this area. He required  congressional action to drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge  and this 1002 area. He did that because he realized how significant and  how magnificent it was.   One of the things we have to realize is what we are protecting here.  People travel all over the world to go to the Serengeti and see the  migration of the animals on the Serengeti plains. This same caribou  migration is very much like the Serengeti. In fact, it is our  Serengeti, when you have animals migrate from Canada all the way into  Alaska and back. This is our Serengeti. It is a special place. It is a  real treasure, and I don't have any doubt in my mind that we should  save it.   The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge represents one of the world's  wildest and more biodiverse places. Its Coastal Plain or the 1002 area  is the biological heart of the refuge. There is no other place like it  on the planet. Congress showed remarkable restraint and forethought  when it put the Refuge under Federal protection, and I am proud my  Uncle Mo Udall was instrumental in passing legislation that doubled the  size of the Refuge. Under that law, only Congress can open up the 1002  area for drilling.    Today I rise in strong opposition to the Republican proposal to drill  for oil in this remarkable place. I will fight their plan tooth and  nail. The only reason they are doing this is to pay for tax cuts for  big corporations and tax cuts for the richest Americans.   The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge's coastal plain is an  environmental time machine. It is a rare place on this Earth, where  almost everything has been preserved as it was over 10,000 years ago.  Oil and gas development would change its delicate ecosystem forever. We  could never get it back.   This Refuge is the largest Arctic conservation area on the globe. It  is part of our national heritage. It is part of the world's heritage.  That is why I compare it to the Serengeti, where people travel from all  over the world to see that migration. The same thing is true here. It  would be wrong to plunder this magnificent area for short-term gain,  especially when that gain is speculative.   The 1002 area is home to 37 species of land mammals, 8 species of  marine mammals, 42 fish species, and over 200 species of birds.  Migratory birds fly in and out of this area from every State and every  continent. The coastal plain in the Refuge is only 20 to 30 miles wide.  No other equivalent slice of Alaska's North Slope is as biologically  diverse.   Let me share a few examples of the wildlife that depend on this area.  Here is a photograph of a caribou and its young during the spring  calving time. The 1002 area hosts the largest and most concentrated  herd of Porcupine caribou in the world: 197,000 caribou make the  longest land migration of any animal--2,700 miles--to give birth there  on the coastal plain in the 1002 area. Their numbers are strong now,  but even a small change in reproductive rates could threaten the herd's  existence.   Here is a picture of a polar bear. Nine hundred Beaufort Sea polar  bears den on- and offshore in this area. The magnificent polar bear is  threatened under the Endangered Species Act, and with climate change  causing sea ice to melt rapidly, more bears are expected to den on  shore.   Here is a photo of the musk oxen. About 250 musk oxen live there  year-round. This impressive mammal survived the last ice age, but  forcing them from their habitat now could threaten their survival.   People also depend on the Refuge. The Gwich'in have lived there for  thousands of years. They call themselves people of the caribou because  their culture and way of life are intertwined with the Porcupine  caribou herd. Caribou represents about 80 percent of the Gwich'in  people's diet. They use caribou skins for clothing, bedding, and  shelter. They make fish hooks, skin scrapers, and other tools from  Caribou bones.   Gwich'in are spiritually tied to the caribou as well. They have a  saying: ``Every caribou has a bit of the human heart in them; and every  human has a bit of caribou heart.'' The Gwich'in people depend on the  caribou for their material and spiritual survival. Oil development in  caribou calving grounds would threaten their very future.   The Republicans' budget resolution instructs the Senate Energy  Committee to identify at least $1 billion in deficit savings over the  next 10 years. The Republicans have their sights on the 1002 area to  produce that $10 billion. As I said, this estimate is highly  speculative, but, for the sake of argument, let's assume the number of  $1 billion is correct. It still doesn't even scratch the surface of the  $1.5 trillion deficit the Republicans recklessly propose. It is not  even one one-thousandth of the money the Republicans need to raise to  pay for the megadeficit they will rack up to pay for a tax break for  the superwealthy.   Opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is not necessary for U.S.  energy independence. We are now an oil exporter, and oil prices are  low. Low prices are forcing companies to stop drilling in areas that  are much more accessible and less sensitive to development. Opening the  Refuge now makes even less sense as more and more people are demanding  fuel-efficient and electric cars.   The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is one of the last truly wild  places in America. The decision to protect the Refuge from drilling was  done carefully and thoughtfully. The decision to undo that protection  should be given the same care and thought.   We haven't held hearings. We haven't even been able to hear from and  question experts. Directing the Energy and Natural Resources Committee  to draft legislation to raise funds without a public process is  premature. The American people will have to live with our decision.  This rushed proposal shortchanges them and it shortchanges future  generations.   There are few places left in the world where the Arctic coastal  plains, foothills and mountains and the wildlife they support are wild  and free. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is one of those places.  This unique, grand, and biologically rich place deserves full  protection in perpetuity.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). The Senator from Maryland.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I wish to start by commending the  Senator from New Mexico for his leadership on many issues but today for  being on the floor to protect this vital, beautiful American treasure,  the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. I thank the Senator.   I wish to speak about the budget as well. I hope everyone across the  country will really pay attention to the debate we are having in the  Senate over the next couple of days and over the coming weeks and  months.   There is no doubt that when we look at the budget that is going to  come to the floor of this Senate, it is stacked overwhelmingly in favor  of the wealthiest Americans and powerful special interests, and the  benefits that will go to the folks at the very top are paid for, in one  way or another, by everyone and everything else.   I wish to be very clear. I think we need to reform our Tax Code. We  need  [[Page S6511]]  to simplify our Tax Code. We need to reduce the tax burden on middle- class families throughout the country. We should do that in a  transparent, accountable, and bipartisan fashion, but make no mistake,  unfortunately, what we have received so far from the Trump  administration is something that has been cooked up behind closed  doors, and the more we look at it, the worse it gets, from the  perspective of making sure the American public is protected in this  process. At the end of the day, it is just another warmed-over version  of what we know of as trickle-down economics.   What is trickle-down economics? It is the idea that if you give big  tax breaks to the top 1 percent--the folks at the very top of the  income scale, including big corporations--that somehow the benefits of  that tax cut are going to trickle down through the economy and lift  everybody up. The problem is, we already have a real-world example of  how that whole theory failed, how it ran aground. We saw that in 2001  and in 2002 when we cut taxes in the United States. What went up? What  went soaring up were the incomes of the top 1 percent. The other thing  that went up were our deficits and national debt. Everybody else was  left behind. So, yes, the yachts went up, but all the other boats kind  of ran aground.   If we look at this chart, we will see it has been part of a pattern  over a long period of time, where the incomes of the top 1 percent-- that is this red line--have risen steadily. They bounce up and down,  usually with respect to some fluctuations in the financial markets, but  right after the 2001-2002 tax cuts, we saw aftertax incomes of the top  1 percent shoot up. Did it really help the economy? It didn't help the  economy overcome the financial crisis. So we saw some of those incomes  come down during the financial crisis.   So when we look at the pattern, our tax policies and other policies  have resulted in this huge and dramatic increase in the incomes of the  top 1 percent, and everybody else has been kind of static. That is an  average. Many of those American households are much worse off today  than they were even 20 years ago, in terms of real income.   So a lot of people are on a treadmill, with millions falling behind.  Why in the world we would then adopt a tax plan that actually increases  this inequity without improving the economy is just another windfall  tax break to the top 1 percent.   Let's just take a look first at the estate tax. It is a great example  of how this Republican bill--this Trump bill--is stacked overwhelmingly  in favor of the very wealthiest in the United States of America. Our  Republican colleagues like to call this a death tax. There are 2.6  million deaths in the United States every year. Only about 5,000  American households pay the estate tax. This isn't a death tax; this is  a tax to prevent the growth of dynasties in America. Teddy Roosevelt  would be crawling in his grave as a Republican to hear about this  Republican proposal because he thought America should be a place where  we don't have an aristocracy, we don't have oligarchy. We don't just  let people sit around and pass on billions of dollars--sure, we can  pass on millions, but billions and billions of dollars--because, over  time, what happens is that growing wealth inequality in the United  States, instead of making sure people can sort of make it on their own  in the country, which is what we thought America was all about.   Just to illustrate the point, if you are a couple and you have an  estate of lower than $11 million--if your estate as a couple is below  $11 million--you don't pay a penny in Federal estate tax, not one  penny. If you are an individual who has an estate below $5.6 million,  you don't pay a penny in estate taxes. That is why only 5,000  households--the very wealthiest households in the country--are the only  ones that pay it. In fact, when we look at this chart, we can see these  two little red dots out of all of these squares are the only households  that are impacted.   So this Republican plan would give a $240 billion tax cut over 10  years to these wealthiest households in the United States of America.  One day, Donald Trump's estate will benefit mightily from this,  according to Bloomberg, and I think that is a trusted source around  here. Yet we are going to give that $240 billion tax cut to the  superwealthy and the rest of the country is going to have to pick up  the bill.   So who is going to pay for that bill and how? Well, it really happens  in two ways. One way is tens of millions of middle-class taxpayers are  going to get socked by this tax plan. The other way is, under this  bill, it green-lights deep cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, so we are  going to see increased burdens on folks who are on Medicare--seniors.   I wish to talk for a minute about the increase in middle-class taxes  under this Trump administration plan.   First, under their plan, taxpayers will no longer be able to deduct  their property taxes and their State and local taxes. We hear a lot  from our Republican colleagues about double taxation when it comes to  corporations. Yet their plan proposes a double taxation on tens of  millions of middle-class taxpayers around the country. On that dollar,  they pay their State and local taxes, and then they will be taxed on  what they pay to their State and local governments and what they pay on  property taxes. That is why this plan is opposed by the National  Governors Association. It is why it is opposed by the United States  Conference of Mayors.   If we look at IRS data, we will find that 40 percent of taxpayers  making between $50,000 and $75,000 of annual income--just that small  band--take the deduction for State and local taxes, and they are going  to increase their taxes under this plan. That is almost 8 million  Americans right there.   There is another provision in this Republican plan which says that  the bigger your family is, the bigger the tax you are going to pay. If  you have three, four, five kids, you are going to be paying more taxes  than you are today because what they give with one hand on the standard  deduction, they take away on the personal exemptions.   Low-income seniors are going to see their taxes go up because the  bottom rate is increased from 10 percent to 12 percent, and the  deductions many seniors get, especially if they are disabled, are  eliminated. They are going to see their taxes go up.   Finally, I really hope Members will begin to focus on this. The  National Association of Realtors hired PricewaterhouseCoopers to do an  analysis of the Republican plan. This is from the National Association  of Realtors: ``Homeowners with adjusted gross incomes between $50,000  and $200,000 will see an average tax increase of $815 a year.'' Because  of the interaction of what you do with respect to the home mortgage  deduction and the fact that it is not as big a benefit and the  inability to deduct your local property taxes--and I want to read this  very deliberately--``Home prices in the short run will fall by an  overall average of 10.2 percent.'' Let me say that again: Home prices  in the United States will fall by an average of 10.2 percent. That is  by PricewaterhouseCoopers.   They may recover at some point, they say, but if you are a senior and  you have all of your savings in your house and the value of your house  drops by 10 percent, you are in a world of hurt, and that is what the  National Association of Realtors tells us this bill will do.   That is on the tax side. That is not the only way seniors are going  to be hit. Middle-income families are going to be hit on the tax side;  their taxes are going to go up. But they will also be hit because, in  order to pay for those estate tax breaks for the superwealthy--the  5,000 households in the country that each year benefit from that--this  budget also green-lights cutting Medicare by $473 billion, and it  green-lights cutting Medicaid by over $1 trillion. So not only does the  middle-class take it through increased tax burdens--tens of millions of  them--but folks on Medicare are going to see that program cut and a $1  trillion cut in Medicaid.   We just went through a big debate here in the United States Senate,  and a majority rejected the idea that we should cut Medicaid by $1  trillion, especially in the middle of an opioid epidemic and all the  other health challenges we face around the country. Yet that is what  this Republican budget green-lights.   The bottom line is that they have big tax cuts for the superwealthy  paid for by increasing the tax burden on tens of millions of middle- class Americans,  [[Page S6512]]  paid for by cutting Medicare and Medicaid. Then, at the end of all of  that, this budget is actually designed to increase the national debt by  $1.5 trillion. It is written right into this budget bill.   I served for many years on the House Budget Committee. I was the  ranking Democrat. The chairman of that committee for many years was  Paul Ryan, now Speaker of the House. Every year, Congressman Ryan--now  Speaker Ryan--would come up with what he called the ``Path to  Prosperity,'' a 59-page document, and it repeatedly referred to ``the  crushing burden of debt.'' It was mentioned 12 times in that one budget  document.   I happen to believe that we need to be serious about reducing our  long-term deficits and debt, and our Republican colleagues used to say  they cared about that too. But this budget actually calls for a $1.5  trillion increase in our national debt. What happened to the fiscal  conservatives? What happened to the budget hawks on the other side of  the aisle?   It turns out that when it comes to cutting Medicare and Medicaid, a  lot of our Republican colleagues have been all in for that. But when it  comes to tax cuts--tax cuts for the very wealthy--somehow deficits and  debt don't matter anymore because this budget actually calls for a $1.5  trillion increase in the national debt.   I really hope we will get to regular order. Let's have a full  bipartisan discussion. The only time there has been successful tax  reform is when it has been done in a bipartisan, transparent way. Yet  what this bill is doing is setting up a vehicle to try and jam  something through on a partisan basis, something that will help the  most powerful and the most wealthy in this country at the expense of  everyone else. Let's not go in that direction.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Melanie  Thornton, a congressional fellow in my office, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   