 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.   When we are in this House, the people's House, I know sometimes the  message goes back and forth. Unfortunately, this idea of identity  politics is what we have to play all the time. Instead of talking to  the American people, we talk past the American people,  [[Page H10193]]  and we try to make it so divisive that they can't see the facts.   I would just tell my friends on the other side, as a child growing  up, I think all of us were the same. We would sit down about this time  of year, and we would write a letter to Santa. We would ask Santa Claus  for everything we wanted. Then we would mail it off to the North Pole.   Then we would come down on Christmas morning, and we would see that  Christmas tree and all those gifts laid out. We never got everything we  wanted, but we were sure thankful for everything we got.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is so critical. When we talk about debt, if  I were to tell an investor: For every $1 that you invest, I can return  $1.90 on it, they would be excited.   Let me just explain something when we talk about American families.  It is not Republican families, by the way, not Democrat families, or  Libertarian families. I am talking about American families. A typical  family of four earning $73,000 a year will see a cut in their taxes of  $2,059. A single parent with one child earning $41,000 a year will see  a tax reduction of $1,304.   I would ask my friends, please do not be on the wrong side of  history. You will have an opportunity today to do something that is  great for America, to make America great again. We look at everything  that is going on, and we decide that somehow, in this House, we must be  divisive and not united. When we think that somehow giving people more  of their own money back is the wrong policy, when we think that somehow  giving tax relief to every single American is the wrong policy, when we  think that the tone and tint of somebody's skin, the shape of their  eye, where they worship, where they live, what they earn is the main  issue, and we can divide them as a people, that is absolutely wrong. It  is totally un-American.   What is truly pro-American is making sure that every single American  gets to keep more of her or his money that they earn in a day, and they  don't have to give it to the government. Nothing could be more simple.  Nothing could be more easy.   I would ask all my friends to please, let's act in the best interest  of America. Forget the identity politics. Look at what is good for  those neighbors of yours, those friends of yours, and that family of  yours, and let's decide where America is going to go.   We have seen a dramatic rise in our economy since the last election.  This tax cuts bill, this jobs bill, will allow this economy to take off  where all boats will rise. Not just red boats or blue boats, but red,  white, and blue boats. It will happen at the best time of the year, a  time when people look to this House to do the right thing for the right  reason. Good things happen when we do that.   This is an incredible opportunity in the history of the country. The  is an incredible opportunity to show the American people that we are  not divided as a House. We are united. We are united in doing the right  thing for them because it is the right thing, and good things will  happen.   I would like to wish all my friends on both sides of the aisle and  all those folks at home a very Merry Christmas and happy holidays. On  Christmas morning, I guarantee you, you may not get everything that you  wish for, but you are going to be so thankful for everything you got.   Let's pass this tax cut and jobs bill and make sure America moves  forward. We have labored for too long behind the rest of the world.  Individuals have more take-home pay, corporations will stay home. They  will make investments in land, bricks, mortar, equipment, education,  and in making our workers the best workers in the world and able to  compete anywhere on any stage and win.   We will not only just participate, we will dominate, and that will  trickle down to every single American, not just red, white, and blue;  as I said earlier, not just Republicans or Democrats, but every single  American. What a wonderful gift for Christmas.   