 I have never spoken on this mike before, so I  am going to give it a try. This is literally the first time I have  spoken from this one.   Hey, Donna, how are you doing? Good to see you guys.   Greetings. Good to have you. Not much happening around here, pretty  easy going, you know, slow moving, nothing controversial whatsoever. It  is an interesting time, I can tell you that, one of these deals.   I came here in 1998 with many of you. I see so many familiar faces.   Good to see you, Dan.   And I would say what has changed this place in the 19 years I have  been here is the internet. The internet has changed society. It has  also changed the way Congress works--some good, some bad, and some in  between. You are basically out there seeing that.   All I would ask you to do is, in your walks of life, in your spheres  of influence, just help explain to the country how this place really,  actually works. Because you hear sort of the cartoon version of it when  you turn on TV. It is actually a place where people care, where people  work hard, where people think, where people study, where people  interact, and where they get along more often than not and we actually  get things done.   At a time where faith in civil society and in our government is not  very high, we could use a few more ambassadors helping express to the  country that the foundation here is solid, it is strong, it is  enduring, and it is going to persist.   When these microphones are turned off or when the TVs are turned off,  we all actually get along pretty well. About 80 percent of the things  that we pass here, just like when you were here, are bipartisan. Now,  clearly, we are going to have partisanship; clearly, we are going to  have different viewpoints and passion. But at the end of the day, the  system is strong; the system is going to work; the institutions are  here; and the separation of powers is as valid and as potent as it ever  was before.   I would just say: Welcome. It is great to see all these familiar  faces. You look a whole lot happier than you probably did when you were  here. Whenever I see Members of Congress after they have left, they  look like they have de-aged like 5 or 10 years, and I think that goes  for a lot of you.   I would say this: Help us be ambassadors for this institution, for  this branch of government, to revive sort of civil respect for what we  do here. I think we could all use a little bit of that, and it is just  really nice to see you.   God bless you.   