 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I come to the floor with a lot of other  folks to talk about the health care in this country. I think one of the  goals we all share--and maybe we are not sure how to get there--is how  to make sure that everybody who needs access to health care has it,  that it is affordable, and that they get reasonably good quality,  whoever they are and wherever they come from.   When I was a naval flight officer, we used to fly a lot of missions  out of Japan during the Cold War. I have a special interest in Japan,  and I like the folks there. They are pretty remarkable in what they  have achieved over the years. One of the things they have achieved over  the years is providing pretty good health care for a fairly modest  amount of money.   We started working on the Affordable Care Act 7 or 8 years ago. One  of the things I learned about Japan was that they were spending 8  percent of their gross domestic product for health care in their  country. We were spending 18 percent. As it turns out, they were  getting better results. They had lower rates of infant mortality and  higher rates of longevity. People lived longer. Newborns died less  frequently than we did. On top of all that, in Japan they covered  everybody. Everybody was covered for health care. We had about 40  million people--over 40 million people at the time--whose health care  coverage was to get into an emergency room of a hospital, try to get in  line, and get someone's attention.   I know how smart the Japanese are, but I don't think they can be that  smart and we can be that dumb. That is sort of where we were 6, 7 years  ago. So we said: What are we going to do about it?   I think almost every President--maybe since Truman--had a goal of  making sure everybody in this country had access to health care. A lot  of folks talked about it and maybe tried to do something. The first  time we had a serious effort to do that was during the Clinton  administration, not led by President Bill Clinton but led by First Lady  Hillary Clinton. What she came up with and worked on was something  called HillaryCare.   The Republicans came up with an alternative to HillaryCare introduced  by the Republican Senator from Rhode Island, John Chafee--a really good  guy, a very able guy. I actually served with his son Lincoln in the  Senate. But in 1993, 1994, when most people focused on HillaryCare,  John Chafee introduced legislation with 20 or so Republican cosponsors.  A couple of them are still here, I think. Senator Orrin Hatch was one  of them, and Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa was one of them--maybe a  couple of Democrats, as well. But 20 to 25 Senators, mostly Republican,  cosponsored the Chafee legislation.   This chart mentions the Chafee bill and what was included in the  Chafee legislation. One of the things included was the individual  mandate--basically, that everybody had to get coverage.   Second was the employer mandate, which basically said that employers  had to provide health care coverage for their employees--maybe not for  everyone, maybe not for the smallest businesses--but getting employers  to meet what Senator Chafee and other Senators thought were the  employers' obligations, their responsibilities.   In the Chafee legislation there was a ban on preexisting conditions.   In the Chafee legislation there were subsidies for purchasing  insurance. Purchasing it where? Purchasing it in State exchanges. The  idea of creating large purchasing pools--there were folks who didn't  have health care coverage who could get their health care coverage in a  large purchasing pool. If their income was low or relatively low, they  would be eligible for tax credits to buy down the cost of their health  care coverage. They would get theirs from the exchanges and the  purchasing pools.   Those were all ideas in Senator Chafee's legislation in 1993. Do you  know what? I am a Democrat and probably shouldn't say this, but I  thought they all made sense.   The legislation didn't go anywhere. In the end, HillaryCare didn't go  anywhere. But long before we had serious debate on the Affordable Care  Act, people were talking about the same thing.   You go over here--RomneyCare in 2006. Individual mandate: Got it.  Employer mandate: Got it. Ban on preexisting conditions? Yes. Subsidies  for purchasing insurance? Yes. Establish State purchasing groups? Yes.  Those are all in RomneyCare.   I have always given Governor Romney credit for the idea of the  individual mandate, but apparently that was wrong. It was in Senator  Chafee's legislation as well. Governor Romney took the handoff, if you  will, from Senator John Chafee and introduced what they call RomneyCare  in Massachusetts. It was introduced in 2006.    When it first was introduced, they had real good success in getting  people covered. It was successful in terms of getting people covered.  Where they were not so successful initially was affordability. They had  to work on affordability. Part of the problem there was it took a while  for the healthier, younger people who did not think they needed health  care coverage because they were young and invincible. It took a while  for them to start.   They said: The fine keeps going up year after year after year. Maybe  I should get some health care coverage and not pay the fine.  Ultimately, I think RomneyCare did a much better job on affordability.   If you take those five key provisions, the individual mandate,  employer mandate, ban on preexisting conditions, subsidies for  purchasing insurance, and establishing the State exchanges--key  provisions in the Chafee bill--they are in RomneyCare. Believe it or  not, they are in the Affordable Care Act.   I know some of our Republican friends think that nobody listened to  them when we wrote the Affordable Care Act. Actually, these are your  ideas. These are your ideas. Some of the provisions or aspects of the  Affordable Care Act that our friends across the aisle have been most  critical of are things that were originally their idea--originally  their idea.   Then we changed this thing. Senator Sanders who has joined us on the  floor. We added to that. We expanded Medicaid. We said to States--we  didn't make them expand Medicaid, but we said: If you do, the Federal  Government will pay the lion's share of the increased costs in  Medicaid. I think initially maybe 24 States signed up and said: We will  do that, including the District of Columbia. Later on, another seven or  so, eight States--I think Indiana is one of those that decided, under  then-Governor Pence, to expand Medicaid up to about roughly 135 percent  of poverty from maybe closer to 100 percent of poverty for most States.   That is a little bit of a good history lesson. I think we have  another chart we can look at. It is a pie chart. Sylvia Matthews  Burwell came by--the Secretary of Health and Human Services came by a  month or two ago and talked to our Democratic Senate caucus. One of the  things she said to us that I thought was especially informative was she  talked about this pie chart.   What she said is: Think of this pie chart. It includes about 300  million Americans who get health care, at least those who get some kind  of health care other than emergency room. She told us that roughly half  of the people, a little bit more than half of the 300 million people  among the Americans who are getting health care--a little over half, 57  percent--get their coverage through employer coverage. The employers  provide that as a condition of employment. Another roughly 22 percent-- that is this area, sort of the brown area--is Medicaid and  [[Page S237]]  the S-CHIP program, the Children's Health Insurance Program, a  bipartisan idea. Bill Roth worked on that, the Clintons, and others. I  even worked on it as Governor. About 15 percent--this area right here,  the green--is Medicare. Then down here you have the individual markets,  the marketplaces, and so forth.   There are roughly 5 or 6 percent down here where people are getting  their coverage. A lot of the attention, a lot of the criticism of the  delivery of health care in the last 6 or 7 years by our friends on the  other side has been down here with the marketplaces, the exchanges.  Those were their ideas.   One of the nice things the Affordable Care Act has done--not many  people know this--but the Medicare trust fund, which is in danger of  running out of money, the life of that trust fund has been extended by  12 years because of the Affordable Care Act. The Medicaid pieces have  been--the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Sylvia Matthews  Burwell, has negotiated with a number of Governors to try to give them  the opportunity to sort of customize their Medicaid programs.   I think maybe in Indiana they wanted to have a small copay for the  people who participated in Medicare. That is what they got. So it is  not all one size fits all, but there is some differentiation between  Medicaid. Now we have roughly two-thirds of the States that have signed  up for Medicaid expansion.   So that is just a little visual. Do we have another chart here? The  question is, Who gets hurt by repealing the Affordable Care Act? If we  just repeal the Affordable Care Act, and we don't replace it at the  same time we repeal it or change it, a lot of people will get hurt,  including a lot of people who are in the exchanges and getting health  care coverage maybe for the first time in a long time, and actually  folks who are not in the exchanges, people who get their health care  coverage in all kinds of ways, including employer provided, Medicare,  and Medicaid, or privately purchased.   We don't need the kind of uncertainty, the lack of predictability  that would be created by repeal without having a very clear picture of  what we are going to replace it with at the same time--not a year from  now, not 2 years, not 3 years, not 4 years from now but at the same  time. That is what we ought to do.   I will close with this. I note one of my colleagues from a big State  up to the northeast of us has a few things he wants to say. I welcome  hearing him.   My dad used to say to my sister and me when we were kids growing up,  a little younger than our pages--we would do some bone-headed stunt,  and he would say to my sister and me: Just use some common sense. That  is what he would say. Just use some common sense. He said it a lot. We  must not have had much.   Well, just repealing the Affordable Care Act and not having something  to replace it with immediately that provides coverage just as good-- affordable, comprehensive coverage--that would not be very good common  sense. We can do better than that. We can do better.   I hope our Republican friends, with this rush to judgment to repeal  and replace 2 or 3 or 4 years down the line, can come around and say:  No, that does not make much sense. I hope they will listen to some of  their colleagues and some of the rest of us who say: If we are going to  repeal the Affordable Care Act, let's know what we are going to replace  it with, and make sure we do that on day one.   With that, I am happy to yield the floor to my friend from Vermont.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.    Mr. President, how am I recorded?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator is not recorded.    Mr. President, how am I recorded?   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator is not recorded.    On behalf of the people--   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not allowed during a vote.   The Senate will be in order.   --in the State of Delaware, I vote no.   --in the State of Delaware, I vote no.   