 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment is about tackling a problem  that, frankly, affects every single one of us in every single one of  our districts, and that is storm water.   Most of us probably don't think about it very much, but, frankly,  when rain falls--it does a lot of that in the Northwest--and flows  through our streets and off the shoulders of our highways, it picks up  all sorts and kinds of pollutants. We are talking, frankly, about some  really nasty stuff: toxic chemicals like arsenic and flame retardants,  as well as oil and pesticides.   Stop and think. The single largest contributor of water pollution in  the United States of America is storm water runoff--up to 80 percent in  some places.   Toxic storm water runoff harms our rivers and our lakes and our  waterways. But it not only harms our environment, it harms our  businesses that depend on clean water, like the shellfish industry of  Washington State which employes, literally, thousands of people.   In Puget Sound, the largest estuary in America, storm water runoff  literally can kill a salmon in a few hours. Well, salmon and other fish  are a way of life in Washington, to the tune of a $30 billion, with a  B, economy.   Salmon also serve as a vital resource of immeasurable value. For the  19 federally recognized Tribes in the Puget Sound, salmon is their way  of life. They are called the salmon people.   If we fail to address the problem posed by storm water, these  resources will continue to decline, and our communities will continue  to pay an avoidable price.   So what are we doing right now to stop this from happening? The  answer is: a few things, but nowhere near enough.   If we are going to truly address the problem, the Federal Government  needs to do the basic, and that is set an example. The good news is  that Congress has recognized this in the past, because about 10 years  ago this body passed a law which requires Federal agencies to reduce  storm water runoff when they develop or redevelop property. That is a  commonsense requirement, but we can't stop there.   Research shows that the most cost-effective and efficient way to  reduce storm water runoff is through what is called green  infrastructure, or low-impact development, things like rain gardens and  permeable pavement and green roofs.   You probably won't be surprised when I share that the largest storm  water research center in the United States of America is in my district  at our land-grant university, Washington State University's extension  campus in Puyallup. So I am a witness to the promise and the potential  of this approach.   This amendment simply provides funding for the Army Corps of  Engineers to determine to what extent they are using these technologies  and techniques to comply with the requirements already imposed by  Congress.   Mr. Chairman, if we are going to help communities and businesses  impacted by toxic storm water runoff, it is crucial that the Federal  Government set the example and lead the way. So I ask you to join me as  responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars and ensure that Federal  agencies are using the latest and most efficient technology to manage  storm water runoff.   Finally, I want to extend my deepest appreciation to the chair of the  committee, my friend from Idaho, and the ranking member from Ohio very,  very much. I urge adoption of this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   