 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, earlier today, during his opening  remarks, the distinguished majority leader paid tribute to my senior  Senator, Thad Cochran, upon the occasion of his becoming the 10th  longest serving Senator in the history of our Republic.   If you think about this--I just checked with the cloakroom--the  Senate first convened in March of 1789 in New York City. In the 228  years of the United States Senate, Thad Cochran, of Mississippi, now  becomes the 10th longest serving Senator in history. Quite a milestone.   I was chairing a subcommittee hearing this morning and was not able  to be on the floor during the majority leader's remarks, and so I take  a moment to now pay tribute to Senator Cochran at this milestone in his  career and in the history of the Senate.   Most Senators do not know Senator Cochran and I were born in the same  small town. We are both natives of Pontotoc, MS. We are alumni of the  same university. We are both Ole Miss Rebels. We also share the same  political lineage in Mississippi of being early pioneers in the  development of the Republican Party. I was the first Republican Member  of the House of Representatives in my congressional district, the First  District of Mississippi, back in 1994. Senator Cochran  [[Page S1571]]  blazed an even more significant trail by becoming the first popularly  elected Republican Senator from Mississippi back in 1978--in over a  century. He succeeded former President pro tempore Jim Eastland, of  Mississippi.   I have been able to watch him and be somewhat of a teammate over the  decades, and I just want to pay tribute to Thad Cochran as being a  trailblazer for quite some time. This is a milestone, and it is a  testament to the proven record that Senator Cochran has built over 38  years in this Chamber. He served for 6 years in the House prior to  that, so he has been around a long time. He has always been a good  public servant. He has always been a strong American. He has always  been a good member of the troop.   He is chairman of the Appropriations Committee, and a lot of funds  are distributed through that committee. He is part of the team, and his  committee is part of the team. Again, a lot of our colleagues do not  realize this, but we set budget numbers--the House and Senate. We come  to an agreement, and we set those spending levels. Then the  Appropriations Committee, under the leadership of Thad Cochran, does  the hard work of figuring out how to abide by those budget caps, and  they do it year in and year out. With leadership like Senator Thad  Cochran's, usually, the numbers are crunched, and they make it work on  a bipartisan basis. Many of the votes in the Appropriations Committee  last year, under the leadership of Chairman Cochran, were unanimous  votes or virtually unanimous votes.   At the same time, he has been able to, within the constraints of  those budget caps, take care of the needs of our country and certainly  the needs of our State of Mississippi at some very dark moments in the  history of our State. Hurricane Katrina--the worst natural disaster in  recorded history ever to hit the North American Continent--was visited  upon our State, and we were certainly fortunate to have the leadership  of Senator Thad Cochran, and I was glad to be his partner in that  regard. After Deepwater Horizon, the entire gulf coast region--and in  fact the entire Nation--benefited from the leadership of Senator  Cochran.   He makes us proud, and he has made us proud for years and years now.  He was called by someone the ``quiet persuader,'' and that nickname has  stuck and has been appropriate for quite some time. Throughout his time  in Congress, indeed, Thad Cochran has been the quiet persuader. Not a  lot of demagoguery, not a lot of arm-waving, not a lot of rhetoric  comes from this desk in front of me--but leadership and resolve and  taking care of business on behalf of the United States of America.   Before he was a Congressman, Thad Cochran was a successful young  lawyer, and before that, he was a member of the Navy. He served our  country well. Before that, he was perhaps the most outstanding law  student with perhaps the highest grade point average ever in the  history of the ``Ole Miss'' law school. So he has made us proud in so  many ways.   Although I was not able to be on the floor at the moment when Senator  McConnell made this recognition, I did want to come, now that I have a  moment or two, and add my words of encouragement and congratulations to  Thad Cochran, but also my words of appreciation on behalf of a grateful  State and a grateful Nation for the many ways in which Thad Cochran has  made us a better and a stronger country.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   