 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, a few moments ago, I had the opportunity  to meet with a group called the Tribute to Fallen Soldiers. They have  an annual cross-country motorcycle ride in honor of soldiers who died  during combat. The motorcycle brigade escorts the Fallen Soldiers  Memorial Flame from Eugene, OR, all the way to Arlington National  Cemetery. Along the way, they visit Gold Star families--families who  have a loved one who died on the battlefield in service to the United  States of America.   One couple who came today was Terry Burgess and Elizabeth Burgess,  whose son Bryan lost his life fighting in Afghanistan, and they shared  with me, in the military tradition, a medal.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to use a visual aid.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, this medal has a picture of their son. It  says: ``In memory of SSG Bryan A. Burgess, who lived from April 23,  1981, through March 29, 2011.'' On the back of it, it has a picture of  a memorial that shows a pair of boots and a rifle and a hat and ``never  forget.''   The Tribute to Fallen Soldiers is about never forgetting our fallen  soldiers. We put them into situations of enormous stress and challenge  and danger, and they are there for all of us. In those particular  situations, time and again, one of our soldiers loses their life. So  may we never forget our soldiers who have died, our soldiers who have  been wounded, and may we continue to reach out to Gold Star families to  provide a community of support to them.   I completely respect and appreciate the Tribute to Fallen Soldiers'  motorcycle brigade that rides across the country visiting with Gold  Star families, making sure they have that community of support and  making sure they know that the sacrifices of their son or daughter are  not forgotten.   