 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment that the desk.    Mr. Chairman, access to a fair and just court system is a  vital part of the makeup of the United States. It is important that  courts are used to seek justice, not for the financial benefit of  lawyers looking to take advantage of patients. Basic protections these  amendments provide from frivolous lawsuits will provide peace of mind  for the vast majority of physicians who work so hard to protect and  heal their patients.   Patients in States that have enacted comprehensive medical liability  reform have seen their healthcare costs decrease and their access to  quality medical care increase. Enacting these reforms at the Federal  level will benefit patients nationwide.   All provisions within this amendment defer to State laws and directly  address the issues covered.   The first provision is called the Sorry Provision. This provision  would allow a physician to apologize to a patient for an unintended  outcome without having that apology count against them in a court of  law. Thirty-two States plus the District of Columbia have an apology  provision in place.   The second issue in this amendment is Notice of Intent. This  provision would require a plaintiff to provide a notice of intent to  the physician 90 days before a lawsuit is filed. Cases are often  settled before reaching a verdict, and this provision would encourage  settlement before court proceedings begin.   The third provision is Affidavits of Merit. This provision would  require a plaintiff to have a physician in the same specialty as the  defendant physician to sign an affidavit certifying the merits of the  case before the lawsuit could be brought to court. Twenty-seven States  have some form of affidavits of merit, though the standards vary from  State to State.   The final provision in the amendment is Expert Witness  Qualifications. This provision would require that any expert witness  called to testify during a trial would need to meet the same licensing  requirements as the defendant physician. Forty-eight States plus the  District of Columbia have some form of expert witness qualification,  though the standards vary from State to State.   So you see, these are very commonsense provisions. They are  provisions that many States already have, and they will lead to lower  costs and better care for patients, which ought to be our goal in the  end.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much how time I have  remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa  (Mr. King).    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on  this issue, and I also would like to express my appreciation to my  colleague from Tennessee.   We all care about patients and we all care about patients seeking  justice, but I just think maybe we disagree how to get there at this  point.   The one point he raised about the crocodile tears, the way he  describes the Sorry Provision, look, doctors are human beings and  sometimes things happen. It should be appropriate for a physician to be  able to express those feelings that they are sorry that that happened  without that being seen as some sign that there is guilt involved. So I  think the Sorry Provision is important because the doctor-patient  relationship is very important, and these are human beings.   The other argument that was raised, that it is an undue burden to  have to have an expert witness, listen. A lot of these cases are very  detailed and very specific. If you are talking about a cardiothoracic  event, you need a cardiothoracic surgeon to discuss that. A lot of  these speciality fields, it is important that you have someone from  that field as an expert.   Frankly, there are folks out there who have the profession of being  professional witnesses. They travel around the country and testify on  behalf of the plaintiff bar. Frankly, I think we need to have experts  testifying that are qualified to talk about those very specific cases  that they are testifying against.   The other thing that was raised is that the 90-day notice is an  unfair burden on a patient. Frankly, I believe that having a little bit  of time where individuals can talk could actually help that patient get  to a settlement, get some redress earlier.   I don't think you are delaying any kind of justice for individuals,  but I think it is important that there is notification time, there is  time for both parties to communicate. I think, in the end, you might  end up having justice delivered much quicker than going through a  lengthy trial that could have been avoided if you had a notice in the  beginning.   This amendment simply is seeking to provide justice for those who  deserve it much more quickly with much less expense, but also to  preserve our healthcare system.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   