 Mr. Speaker, this bill guarantees access for all. And  when I say ``access,'' let me be clear: it is access for all.   When you have insurance companies that are pulling out--today we  learned Aetna is pulling out of Virginia--and when you have counties  across these United States that no longer have anyone who is willing to  provide the ObamaCare insurance, that is not access;   When you have a situation where somebody comes up to you at the local  county fair and says, ``You have got to get me out of ObamaCare. It is  killing me. It is killing our family's finances because we have such a  high deductible, because we have such a high copay, and my husband is  very sick,'' he may have a piece of paper, Mr. Speaker, he may have a  piece of paper, but it is not really health insurance when you can't  really use it without having to sell off what little assets you may  have or worry about whether or not you can afford to have a roof over  your head any longer.   This is not working. ObamaCare is not working. This bill will bring  some sanity back to the system. It will take us a couple of years, but  the rates of insurance will, in fact, come down.   This business that we keep hearing that all these people are going to  be without availability of insurance, it is just fake news. It is not  true. This bill does everything that people want it to do, but it gives  them choices--not mandates from the Federal Government, but choices-- about their health care.    I have been interested to hear some people saying that you all are  just ramming this through because the bill wasn't posted until last  night. What wasn't posted until last night was the Long-Upton  amendment, or the Upton-Long amendment. It is two pages. I invite my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle to read it. The McSally bill  is a page and a quarter. The MacArthur amendment, which has been out  for over a week, is about 8 pages. They could have read it while we  have been standing here debating this bill.   But they don't choose to read the bill, they don't choose to learn  the facts, and they don't choose to tell the American people the truth.  They want to scare the American people to make them believe that this  is a bad bill.   This is a good bill, and I urge everyone to vote ``yes.''   