 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to bring two  baskets of hemp products onto the floor of this body.    Mr. President, this is National Hemp History Week, a  chance to recognize a product that has deep roots going way back in  America but faces some of the most anti-farmer, anti-job, unjustifiable  policies that are on the American legal books today. Because of its  relation to marijuana, hemp can't legally be grown in American fields.   Now, hemp is harmless. Hemp grown for industrial use simply does not  have marijuana psychoactive properties. You are going to get as high  off hemp as you will off a bag of vegetables. But, still, farmers in  Oregon and across the country can't legally grow it. So if America is  serious about banning harmless products like hemp, just because they  are related to drugs, then I have bad news for fans of poppy seed  muffins.   This is the third year I have come to the floor during this time-- National Hemp History Week--to talk about the importance of industrial  hemp, its huge economic potential for hard-working farmers, and the  indefensible ban that keeps so many American farmers from growing it.  As was the case before, I am joined by Malcolm McGeary from Southern  Oregon, where a lot of farmers have an interest in this, to showcase a  variety of hemp products in these baskets on the floor because, despite  the ban on growing hemp, you can legally import it for use in products  sold in stores across the country.   What really changed my mind on this was when my wife was pregnant--we  are older parents--with our third child, and we went into a Costco  store. We went into a Costco store on a weekend at home in Oregon, and  there were these big bags of hemp hearts, and it said: healthy, good  for the blood pressure, fiber--everything that one would expect in  Pennsylvania or Oregon. I know the Presiding Officer is one of the most  physically fit members of the body. I see him in the gym all the time  so he obviously cares a lot about nutrition. So Nancy and I were  walking through Costco, and it said this giant bag of hemp hearts could  be purchased there. You say to yourself: Let me see if I get this  straight. The hemp comes from Canada, so the farmers must just be  laughing all the way to the bank because they are making money. I get  what we do is we put it in bags, and it is sold in Costco. That led me  to the really intellectual concept of saying that if you can sell it at  a Costco in Oregon, why can't our farmers grow it? It is not much more  complicated than that.   When you are shopping for hemp products, it is not just potato sacks  and rough fabric by the yard. There is clothing, lotions and food, hemp  milk, nutritional supplements--all these products Mr. McGeary has--used  to make soaps, cleaners, and even deck stain. I understand Mr. McGeary  may even be wearing a hemp tie. None of these products can be called  100 percent American because every bit of the hemp in these baskets had  to be grown someplace else, which is essentially what I described as  the Wydens toured Costco at home.   When it was imported, it wasn't an American farmer earning money off  that sale. Despite the consumer demand for hemp products and the  ingenuity of so many producers who find uses for it, American farmers  are cut out of the hemp equation.   The ban on hemp is not anti-drug policy. I think that is what has  been confusing with respect to this issue. The ban on hemp is not going  to advance the cause of being against drugs. It is not anti-drug  policy. It is anti-farmer policy, and it is anti-American jobs policy.   As I indicated, if you can buy it in a local supermarket, the  American farmer ought to be able to grow it. Yet year after year,  despite a lot of work from Members on both sides of the aisle in this  body and in the House, hemp remains on the controlled substance list.   Hemp is not a drug. It is a big opportunity for our farmers. So it is  long past time to end these statutory relics of history that cut  American farmers out of a valuable market.   Despite the fact that hemp continues to be stigmatized by Federal  laws, there is some good news and progress. The 2014 farm bill began to  chip away at the Federal ban. It OK'd hemp research projects led by  universities and agriculture departments in States like Oregon and  Kentucky that take a smarter approach to hemp. These projects are  showing significant success. Farmers are ready to grow hemp, and  States' agriculture departments are ready to regulate.   The first steps, in my view, don't go far enough, and even some of  these early projects remain tied up in redtape due to the Federal ban.   In my view, the only real solution is a legislative solution. So here  we have a bipartisan coalition, the kind of coalition you see in the  U.S. Senate when people really look into the facts and Members decide  to make common cause. We have the good fortune of having the majority  leader, Senator McConnell of Kentucky, as one of our principal  sponsors; Senator Paul, his colleague; Senator Merkley; and I  reintroducing the Hemp Farming Act. We pursued this for a number of  years. I introduced it every Congress since 2011.   Last year, our bipartisan bill had more than a dozen Senate  cosponsors. This year, the goal is to again find common ground to  remove hemp from the schedule I controlled substance list, give the go- ahead to farmers across the country who are ready to grow industrial  hemp, and, once again, make it a true American crop.   I hope my colleagues will join in the effort to celebrate National  Hemp History Week. I hope they will use it to learn more about a very  versatile crop, a safe crop, and one with really extraordinary  potential to boost jobs in the economy, in our agricultural sector, and  our domestic employment base.   This is commonsense legislation. Again, we have the good fortune to  be led by the majority leader, the distinguished Senator from Kentucky,  Mr. McConnell. We will be introducing this commonsense legislation very  shortly.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, Senator Merkley and I have come today  together to discuss our resolution honoring the heroes of the Portland  attack. On May 26 in Portland, our hometown, our community lost two  very brave people: Ricky Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche. They  stood up courageously against terrorism and for core American and  Oregon values of tolerance and freedom.   Along with Micah David-Cole Fletcher, who was seriously injured,  these three extraordinary Samaritans stepped in to protect two girls  who were being terrorized on public transit by a man menacing them  because he thought they were Muslim. These three Oregon heroes did not  run when they saw danger. Instead, these three advanced toward the  danger.   I paid my respects last week at the beautiful memorial that my fellow  Portlanders created at the transit station where this attack occurred.  I can assure my colleagues that the message of the memorial could not  be more clear: The heroes of Portland stood up to terror, and we ought  to be willing to call out the hate and the evil they confronted.   So today, I join with our friend and colleague Senator Merkley to  express  [[Page S3344]]  our deepest condolences to the families, the friends of the victims, so  that we can all make clear how much we appreciate them and how grateful  we are--and we all are--to be able to stand with the two girls who were  being terrorized and to support all community efforts to overcome  hatred and bigotry and violence.   As a son of parents who fled the Nazis, I know full well what hate  speech is all about. There must be zero tolerance for hate speech and  violence because otherwise you give it room to fester and grow. Hate  speech and violence must have no place in Oregon or anywhere else in  our great Nation.   With these three Oregon heroes forever in our memories, we must and  we will recommit to fighting hate, violence, and terrorism every chance  that we have. We urge adoption of this important resolution.   I yield to my friend and colleague Senator Merkley.    Mr. President, we yield back the remainder of our time.   