 Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Chairman Black on the  markup of this important piece of legislation out of the Budget  Committee.   As we all know, tax season is the worst. It evokes images of stress,  accountants, lawyers, and American families sending hard-earned money  to the Federal Government.   I, for one, have never been excited when it is tax season, and as a  businessowner, it took on a whole new meaning.   Taxes affect all Americans, but tax season shouldn't include months  and months of preparation, often required to hire tax professionals.   Our Tax Code is broken, and millions of Americans are looking to us  to fix it. That is why Republicans have released the Unified Tax Reform  Framework to provide relief for hardworking Americans and jump-start  our economy.   First, it lowers taxes at every income level, allowing Americans to  keep more of their hard-earned paychecks. It delivers the lowest tax  rates in modern history for job creators, allowing them to invest in  growing their business. I will remind you that the small business  community is responsible for 70 percent of all new jobs created.   The vast majority of taxpayers will no longer have to deal with the  complexity of itemizing due to the increased standard deduction. Small  businesses will no longer be taxed under the individual side of the  code. Families will no longer be penalized for inheriting family  property or businesses, when the death tax is removed. Finally, we will  cut tax rates on personal savings and investment in half.   Americans should invest in their local economies and build towards a  more financially secure future without exorbitant taxes.   Now is the time for tax reform, and today we take a big step towards  action. We must pass this budget. Hardworking Americans across the  Nation will have the same April 15 they always have if we don't, and  that is unacceptable.   We cannot miss this opportunity. President Trump is with us on tax  reform, and we must act for the American people. I urge all my  colleagues to support this budget. It is critical to the American  people.   