 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Perdue). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, in the past month, I have come to the  floor to recognize Alaskans who have generously devoted their time and  talents to our State and made it a better place for all of us to live  in. It is a great place to live. There is a mystique surrounding my  great State--a well-earned mystique. People travel to Alaska from all  over the world to discover a part of themselves that craves high peaks,  beautiful mountains, streams, and swaths of wilderness.   The real wonders of Alaska are our people--kind and generous people,  many of whom have etched warm homes and welcoming communities out of  wilderness. One of those people who has helped make my State truly  extraordinary is Mona Painter, our Alaskan of the Week.   Mona, who will be 80 years old soon, first visited Alaska when she  was just 11 in 1949. She flew, by herself, with others in a tiny four- engine passenger plane to visit relatives. In the 1950s, she moved to  Alaska for good and eventually settled in Cooper Landing. Cooper  Landing has about 350 year-round residents, but that number swells in  the summer. It has some of the best fishing and rafting anywhere in the  world--an astonishingly beautiful place.   It has people like Mona, a devoted wife, grandmother, great- grandmother, and someone, who according to one fellow resident, is  ``the glue that binds the community of Cooper Landing together.''   She has done so much for this community--volunteering countless hours  over the decades to ensure community cohesion in the schools, churches,  and various clubs, including the Cooper Landing Community Hall, which  serves as the community's unofficial city council.   Since living in Cooper Landing, Mona received an art degree, has  taken anthropology classes, and even took a taxidermy class--once  practicing her skills on a moose left on the side of the highway.   One of Mona's passions throughout the years has been to keep history  alive in Cooper Landing. To that end, she started the Cooper Landing  Historical Society and Museum, with which she is still very involved.  For years she has devoted her time and energy to collecting bits of  history about Cooper Landing and sharing that history with her  neighbors, with residents, and with all Alaskans. She is also the  founding member of the Kenai Communities Association and helped to  spearhead the effort to create a national heritage area in that part of  our State.   One of her friends said about her: ``The whole essence of her life  has been to make this community a better place to live and to restore  the history of the community.''   People like Mona make my State great, and I want to thank Mona for  all she has done for Alaska, and thanks for being our Alaskan of the  Week.   