 The Senator is correct. The intent of the provision is to  exclude all amounts paid or accrued for services costs with no markup.  Thus amounts paid or accrued in that account would be excluded from the  base erosion anti-abuse tax. Other accounts related to the same  transaction may or may not be excepted from this tax.   Similarly, it is the intent that for purposes of the base erosion  anti-abuse tax that the business judgment rule will not prevent an  amount from being excluded under the act.   I would like to thank my friend from Ohio for his leadership on  international tax issues, especially since he joined this committee. I  look forward to continuing to work with him on these important issues.    Mr. President, with passage of this bill, we are another  step closer to providing real tax relief to the middle class and  providing a much-needed boost to our economy.   Today's events have been years in the making. This has been my chief  legislative focus for many years, and it has been a priority for many  of my colleagues as well, including some that are no longer serving. I  am talking, of course, about people like Dave Camp and Senator Max  Baucus, who did a lot to move this effort forward. I feel gratified to  have been here and to have worked with my colleagues to get this far.   As efforts this year began earnest, we set out to give low- and  middle-income Americans some much-needed relief and to give our country  an opportunity to compete in the global economy.   This bill will do that. With passage of this bill, American families  will have bigger paychecks and better wages. Our employers will have  more favorable conditions to invest in expansion, grow their  businesses, and create more jobs right here in the United States.   So many people both in and out of Congress have worked hard to get us  to this point, and I want to express my appreciation for their efforts.  Of course, I can't thank everyone in a single floor speech, but I do  want to thank some who may be within earshot at the moment.   First and foremost, I want to thank the members of the Senate Finance  Committee, who put in countless days, weeks, and months in preparing  this legislation and helping to get it passed. All of our majority  members contributed greatly to this process, and I am most grateful.   I also want to thank the distinguished majority leader who also did  so much to secure the details of the bill and shepherd it through the  Senate.   I want to thank Chairman Brady and Speaker Ryan over in the House of  Representatives. They, too, have been great partners in this endeavor.   Of course, I need to thank Secretary Mnuchin and Director Cohn for  their commitment to this effort and their help in getting it done.   I want to thank the staff of the Finance Committee, who have done so  much of the heavy lifting here. I need to single out Mark Prater, my  chief tax counsel, who has served the committee  [[Page S7714]]  for decades now and whose knowledge and expertise on these matters is  recognized by everyone here and pretty much everyone everywhere else.  Thank you, as well, to the rest of my committee tax staff: Jennifer  Acuna, Tony Coughlan, Christopher Hanna, Alex Monie, Eric Oman, Marty  Pippins, Preston Rutledge, and Nick Wyatt.   I need to thank my staff director, Jay Khosla, who quarterbacked the  staff through this whole ordeal and who has spent many years with me as  we have laid the groundwork and started construction on this  undertaking. I want to thank the other members of my senior team as  well, including Matt Hoffman, Jeff Wrase, Julia Lawless, Jennifer  Kuskowski, Chris Armstrong, and Bryan Hickman. I need to thank the  communications staff on the committee: Katie Niederee, Nicole Hager,  and Joshua Blume.   I also need to thank a couple of former staff members. Chris  Campbell, my former staff director, worked for years on this effort,  and while, he is now at Treasury, I am sure he is celebrating on his  own today. I would also like to give a thank you to Jim Lyons, my tax  counsel who, unfortunately, passed away a little over a year ago. He  contributed greatly to this effort for a number of years, and his  steady presence has definitely been missed.   Beyond my own staff, I want to thank the tax legislative assistants  from each of the committee members who helped to craft this bill,  namely, Chris Allen, Sam Beaver, Joseph Boddicker, Chris Conlin, Shay  Hawkins, Randy Herndon, Bart Massey, Monica McGuire, Mike Quickel,  Zacshary Rudisill, Andrew Siracuse, Robert Sneeden, Derek Theurer, and  Mark Warren, all of whom did an outstanding job in helping us to  produce this bill.   I also want to thank the committee's legislative directors: Charles  Cogar, Ken Flanz, Chris Gillott, Brad Grantz, Amber Kirchhoefer, Kurt  Kovarik, Jessica McBride, Sarah Paul, Landon Stropko, Jay Sulzmann,  Stephen Tausend, Pam Thiessen, and Christopher Toppings.   I also need to thank the staff from the leader's office, including  Brendan Dunn, Antonia Ferrier, Hazen Marshall, Erica Suares, Terry Van  Doren, Don Stewart, and Jane Lee.   This process has been a joint effort with our friends on the Budget  Committee, and I need to thank Senator Enzi, once again, for his  leadership on that committee to give us the reconciliation instruction  that made this possible. Additionally, I would like to thank members of  his staff, including: Joe Brenckle, Jim Neill, Betsy McDonnell, Matt  Giroux, Paul Vinovich, Becky Cole, Eric Ueland, Thomas Fueller, and the  rest of the Budget Committee team.   Other bodies deserve our thanks as well. Tom Barthold and his team at  the Joint Committee on Taxation made themselves available at all hours  to help us get the bill written and ready to pass. As did the staff at  the legislative counsel's office, led by Mark McGunagle and Jim Fransen  and their whole team and those who work with Elizabeth McDounagh in the  Parliamentarian's office.   There are too many people to thank in a single floor speech, but, I  am very grateful for the countless individuals who have in this  endeavor over the years. We are not there yet, but we are getting  closer.   I look forward to moving this effort through the next steps and to  working with my colleagues on other challenges that lie ahead.   