 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to  complete my remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to  complete my remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to  complete my remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to voice my strong support for the  nomination of Ajit Pai to a second 5-year term as Commissioner of the  Federal Communications Commission.   Mr. Pai has served as a Commissioner of the FCC since 2012, when he  was first confirmed by a voice vote in the Senate. Mr. Pai was  designated by President Trump to be the 34th Chairman of the FCC in  January of this year and was renominated to a second term to the FCC in  March.   In July, the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee,  which I am privileged to chair, held a hearing on the nomination of Mr.  Pai, and the committee reported out his nomination favorably on August  2.   Prior to becoming a Commissioner, Chairman Pai worked on  telecommunications policy in both the public and private sectors,  notably serving in the Senate as a staffer on the Judiciary Committee  as well as in the general counsel's office at the FCC.   It is my belief that Mr. Pai's stellar career and communications  policy, his integrity, and his tireless work ethic all serve him well  as he continues to serve the FCC and guide the agency back to being a  more collaborative and productive institution.   In just 9 months since becoming Chairman, Mr. Pai has made much  needed reforms to improve transparency at the FCC and to improve the  agency's processes. I am particularly heartened by Chairman Pai's  efforts to treat his fellow Commissioners fairly by instituting the  process of sharing documents with other Commissioners before discussing  them publicly.   Additionally, under Chairman Pai's leadership, the public is now able  to view the text of all agenda items in advance of Commission meetings.  Also,  [[Page S6207]]  to better reflect the realities of today's competitive landscape,  Chairman Pai has announced the creation of an Office of Economics and  Data to provide cost-benefit analyses to better inform the FCC's work.   These measures are a significant step forward from the last  Chairman's leadership style, which I frequently criticized as being  hyperpartisan and warned would lead to counterproductive outcomes over  the long term. That is why, a little over a year ago, I felt compelled  to stand in this same spot and to strongly criticize the previous  Chairman of the FCC for leading the Commission with unprecedented  partisan zeal. At that time, I noted that the voting record for open  meetings at the Commission showed a long history of consensus-building  with the previous five permanent FCC Chairmen combining for only 14  party-line votes at open meetings during their tenures. However, this  all changed under Chairman Wheeler as he pursued a highly partisan  agenda, driven by ideological beliefs more than by a sober reading of  the law. Chairman Wheeler forced 3-to-2 votes on a party-line basis a  total of 31 times. To put it another way, in 3 years under Chairman  Wheeler, the FCC saw over twice as many partisan votes than in the  previous 20 years combined.   While partisan differences are sometimes inevitable, what were once  very rare events have become standard operating procedure at the  Commission. This extreme partisanship was used to do the following  things: a complete upending of how the internet is regulated, creating  years of uncertainty for everyone; stripping important consumer  protection responsibilities from the Federal Trade Commission; a failed  attempt to override States' rights on municipal broadband and a power  grab that was overturned by the courts; increasing the size of the  Universal Service Fund by billions of dollars by simultaneously  undermining bipartisan efforts to improve the program's accountability;  the unnecessary and possibly unlawful disclosure of trade secrets and a  plan to have the FCC and its Media Bureau design and dictate the future  of television ads.   I was not alone in noticing Chairman Wheeler's overreach. On several  occasions other Federal agencies refused to support his actions. The  Copyright Office strongly criticized a proposal for set-top boxes. The  staff at the Federal Trade Commission called the FCC's privacy rules  ``not optimal,'' which is bureaucrat speak for really bad. The Obama  administration's Department of Justice refused to defend the FCC's  unlawful action on municipal broadband.   With respect to internet regulations, I am pleased that Chairman Pai  has sought to hit the reset button on the 2015 title II order because,  as I have previously said, the FCC should do what is necessary to  rebalance the agency's regulatory posture under current law. I continue  to believe, however, that the best way to provide long-term protections  for the internet is for Congress to pass bipartisan legislation.   Two and a half years ago, I put forward legislative principles and a  draft bill to begin the conversation, and I continue to stand ready and  willing today to work toward finding a lasting legislative solution  that will resolve the dispute over net neutrality once and for all.   Thankfully, the net neutrality debate has not distracted the FCC from  important work in other areas. For instance, the FCC's proposed  rulemaking on robocalls is a positive step in the right direction. The  government must do everything we can to protect consumers from those  who are truly bad actors, but we also must be sure that the  government's rules are not unfairly punishing legitimate callers who  are not acting maliciously. The FCC's notice of inquiry will give that  conversation a much needed jump-start.   Furthermore, Chairman Pai's focus on the expansion of rural broadband  and acceleration of next-generation infrastructure deployment will help  close the digital divide--a goal that we all share. He has also worked  tirelessly to help ensure communications services are restored to the  communities affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria.   Given the FCC's importance to the future of our economy and our  society, it is important for the Commission to seek opportunities for  common ground. In the past, people used to say that communications  policy was not particularly partisan and that both sides of the aisle  could often find common ground to work together. Well, times have  changed, and the debate on this nomination is another example of that.   I know that agreement is not always possible. Nevertheless, as a  corrective to the Commission's recent history, I urged Chairman Pai at  his confirmation hearing to treat all Commissioners fairly, to respect  the law, to be willing to ask Congress for guidance, and to seek  consensus whenever and wherever possible. I believe doing so will  improve the agency's credibility and will result in actions that are  more likely to endure, and I believe that Chairman Pai will do these  things.   As I noted at the outset, Chairman Pai has already made much needed  reforms to improve the processes at the FCC and to empower his fellow  Commissioners. He has already shown a commitment to ensuring  transparency and openness at the Commission, which gives me great  confidence in the direction that he will lead the agency. Chairman  Pai's new approach, I believe, will lead to more long-lasting and  positive results at the FCC. That is why I believe the elevation of  Ajit Pai to be the Chairman of the Commission is a much needed breath  of fresh air, and why I believe he should be confirmed promptly and  without further delay.   So I urge my colleagues to support this nomination.   I yield the floor.   