 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor to once again  talk about the need to pass tax reform for hard-working Americans. The  House has passed a bill, the Senate has passed a bill, and now, of  course, we are working through the conference committee to get the very  best product we can for the American people.   This tax relief is not just about reducing the tax burden on hard- working Americans and making sure they can keep more of their hard- earned dollars after tax, but it is also very much about economic  growth. The tax relief package we are putting together that is coming  together through the conference efforts, working to improve on both the  House version and the Senate version, is designed to grow our economy.  That is incredibly important because over the last decade, what we have  seen are stagnant wages and income. So workers are working as hard as  ever--harder than ever--but they are not seeing that growth in their  paycheck. That is why we have to make this tax relief package pro- growth, so at the end of the day, that worker has a lower tax burden,  but they also have a rising wage and more income. It is the combination  of those two things that really--it is the rising tide that lifts all  boats, if you will. That is how we generate that higher standard of  living for workers and taxpayers across this great Nation.   So that is what we are working to do: tax relief, grow the economy,  create more jobs--and create them here at home versus overseas--and  higher wages and income.   These are just some of the statistics from the tax relief package  that we put together. These are provided by the nonpartisan Tax  Foundation as well as the White House Council of Economic Advisers. The  objective is to grow wages by $4,000 over the 10-year scoring period,  making sure our workers are seeing real wages. The estimate right now  is that this tax bill is pro-growth and will generate, on average,  $4,000 in higher wages, combined with an average tax cut of about  $2,200. That is an average family--a family of four with median income.   It will generate almost 1 million new jobs, and that is what, of  course, pushes wages higher. When you create more jobs, it is that  demand for labor that pushes wages higher. That is how it works. We are  talking about almost 1 million new jobs over the 10-year period and a  3.7-percent larger economy. So growing the economy, creating more jobs,  and it is that demand for labor on the part of business that pushes  wages and income higher.   When we look at the next chart I have, we see that we provide tax  relief across all incomes. So it is really focused on lower income,  middle class, making sure that, like I said, wage earners are saving  more of their hard-earned dollars, but the effort is to cut taxes  across all income groups, and that is what we do. It starts by taking  the seven brackets we have and reducing them. It is just kind of simple  math.   The House plan reduces the number of brackets to only three. We keep  the seven different brackets. The reason for that is because the  objective is to lower everyone's tax rate, and we are better able to do  that by keeping the seven tax rates.   Some might say: You want to do simplification. We do want to do  simplification, and we do tax simplification. There is no question that  we do tax simplification because the complexity in calculating your  taxes is calculating your taxable income, your adjusted gross income  subject to taxes. That is the complicated part. Whether we have three  different rates to apply to it or seven different rates to apply,  depending on which bracket you fall into, that really doesn't add  complexity.   So we keep the simplification intact while we make sure that we  provide tax relief across all of the different tax brackets or tax  rates. That is what we see in this second chart.   In addition, we keep or expand many of the tax deductions or tax  provisions that are important to families, and that starts with the  child tax. Well, I should say it actually starts with the standard  deduction. We double, in essence, the standard deduction. For an  individual, right now it is a little over $6,000 a person. We double  that standard deduction to $12,000. For a married couple, you are  talking over $24,000 that is covered under the standard deduction, no  tax.   In addition, if you are an individual and you have dependents, either  children or maybe taking care of a parent or something like that, you  get $18,000 in that standard deduction. Why is that important? Because  by doubling that standard deduction, we go from 7 out of 10 filers not  itemizing to something like 9 out of 10 tax filers not itemizing. This  means real simplification. It means doing your tax return on maybe just  a one-page form. This means you are not only reducing rates but also  greatly simplifying the Tax Code.    We keep other provisions that are very important for American  families and, in fact, enhance them. For example, the child tax credit  is doubled. So not only do we double the standard deduction, but we  also double the child tax credit. We go from $1,000 to $2,000 per  child. This is going to make a huge difference for families.   Also, for family businesses, family farms, and small business we  double the estate tax, the death tax unified credit, and include the  step-up in basis. It is hugely important to make sure you can  transition a small business, farm, or ranch from one generation to the  next.   To save for college, we enable the 521 savings accounts to continue  for parents. Another very important one is we encourage businesses to  provide paid family and medical leave by giving them a tax credit to  partially offset an employee's pay while caring for a child or family  member.   Other things we keep, in terms of deductions that are very important,  again, to hard-working families are as follows:   The mortgage interest deduction. We make sure they can continue to  deduct the interest on their home mortgage.   The deduction of charitable contributions. It is obviously very  important for the greater good of our society that people can continue  to contribute to charities they believe in and support and that they  can deduct those charitable contributions.   The child and dependent care tax credits, the adoption tax credit,  and the earned-income tax credit. We make sure people can continue to  contribute to their 401(k) accounts on a basis that is tax-advantaged.   Then, medical expense deductions. Obviously, for our seniors, this is  very important. For somebody who has a medical condition or an illness,  being able to deduct those medical expenses is extremely important.   This is about making sure hard-working Americans can have not only  tax relief but also the pro-growth aspect they see in the rising wages  of incomes.   That is what I want to talk about in this third chart, which goes to  supporting our businesses across this great country. Small business is  the backbone of our economy. Small businesses, farms, and ranches are  the absolute backbone of our economy. Small businesses typically are  passthrough businesses, which means the income flows  [[Page S8000]]  through the business and is then taxed at the individual level. So part  of the tax relief we are providing to small businesses comes from the  reduction in the individual rates, as I have already gone through,  because that income has flowed through.   Passthroughs can be a partnership, a sub-S corporation, a limited  liability partnership, a limited liability corporation. These are all  passthroughs. So when the income flows through that small business to  the individual, because we have lowered the rates, that already  provides a lower net tax on those small businesses and the people who  own and work and invest in those small businesses.   The other thing we do is provide a 20-percent distribution  deduction--a reduction in the taxable amount as far as income  distributed by those businesses. We have gone through various  iterations. We started at about 17 percent. We had hoped to move it  higher. I think we will end up around 20 percent. What this means is,  when income flows through that passthrough business, 20 percent is  deducted before you calculate the income. For example, if you flow  through $1,000, you would be taxed on the $800. Now, apply those lower  tax rates I talked about, and you can see clearly that you  significantly reduce that tax rate on these small businesses.   Why is that so important? It enables small businesses to keep more of  their hard-earned dollars, to invest in equipment, to expand and grow  their business. It enables them to hire more people, like perhaps these  great young people we have here working as pages. It enables them to  raise wages and income and to grow their business, or, for an  entrepreneur, to maybe start up a business.   So it is those dollars that instead of going to taxes, stay with the  business. They are invested in the businesses, create more jobs, more  opportunity, and higher wages. That is the pro-growth aspect of this  tax relief I mentioned at the outset.   The other way this tax is really pro-growth is also for larger C- corps bringing down that rate. Of course, smaller businesses use the C- corp as well, but by bringing down that rate, we make companies in  America more competitive in the global economy. Companies that do  business not only here in America but in other countries around the  world have to decide where they are going to invest. Are they going to  invest and grow their plant and operations here in America or are they  going to grow their plant and operations somewhere else? Of course, if  they grow here, they are hiring people here. They are paying wages and  salaries here in America rather than in some other country. We want  companies that do business internationally or globally growing their  operations here, not overseas.   Right now, economists estimate that, currently, in excess of $2.5  trillion is held overseas by these companies and is not brought back to  the United States and invested here because we have one of the highest  tax rates in the world. Our corporate tax rate is one of the highest in  the world.   So when we talk about the current 35-percent tax rate, companies look  at that and say: Why would we bring back earnings from another country,  say, Ireland--pick a country anywhere in the world. Why would we bring  those earnings back and pay a really high tax, versus reinvesting  overseas or somewhere else where the tax is much lower, and we can be  more competitive?   This is what we are having to deal with, and that is why we lower the  corporate rate--because that then creates the incentive to come back,  invest dollars in the United States, and create more jobs here in  America, and, in so doing, as they bring that revenue back, which is  called repatriation, they generate tax revenues which help us provide  more tax relief for hard-working Americans.   So that is what I mean. That is the two-fer aspect of this tax relief  plan. It is making sure individuals have real tax relief so they keep  more of what they earned, but it is also about making sure they earn  more, that their wages and income grow, and that there are more jobs  and opportunities here in America. That is absolutely the focus of this  tax relief plan and what we are working to achieve.   Both the House and Senate have passed versions of this tax bill. We  are now working to get the very best product we can through the  conference committee. We are making real progress, and we need to  continue to work together and get this tax relief done. We have been  working on it for a long time. A lot of effort has gone into it. It is  time now to finish it up this week, to vote on it, and to get this tax  relief passed before the end of the year so, as Americans go into 2018,  they know they are able to keep more of their hard-earned tax dollars  and we also have a vibrant economy, where there is going to be more  jobs and opportunity and higher income and wages.   I yield the floor.   