 Mr. President, because----    Mr. President, because----    Mr. President, because----    Mr. President, because----    Mr. President, because----    Yes, for one moment.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.    Mr. President, it is because of ObamaCare that the  health insurance markets in this country are badly damaged. They have  gotten worse each year. They are now near collapse.   You were told 8 years ago that if you like your health insurance, you  can keep it. Millions can't. If you like your doctor, you can keep your  doctor. Millions of Americans were not able to keep their doctor. You  were told that your health insurance premiums would go down $2,500.  They have actually gone up probably $3,500. Some people don't have a  choice in plans. Some counties don't even have a plan in the exchange.  If you could get a plan, you might not be able to afford it. If you  could afford the plan, you might not be able to use it because of the  high copayments you have to have. So it is not a very good situation.   It took 6 years for the health insurance market to get as bad as I  just described. It will take time for those markets to be restored. The  next few years in health care will be challenging if ObamaCare is  repealed or even if it is not repealed. If ObamaCare is not repealed,  it will be even longer before Americans have access to a functioning  health insurance market and the insurance plans they want.   When it comes to health care, every second counts. We owe it to the  American people who are sick or who could get sick, as well as families  and businesses trying to plan for the future, to start fixing that  problem right now. That is the result of the election. That is what the  Senate is going to do.   The Affordable Care Act, which could more appropriately be called the  Unaffordable Care Act, has been a case of over-promise and under- delivery. People were told that their premiums would go down and that  if they liked their doctor, their hospital, or their health care plan,  they could keep all of it. The reality is much different. More than  half of the country had two or fewer insurance plans from which to  choose this year. Some regions had no insurance plans available at all.  Even those who were strong supporters of the health care law, like the  Minnesota Governor whom I like to quote, have  [[Page S106]]  said the Affordable Care Act ``is no longer affordable to many  Americans.''   In my State of Iowa, the Affordable Care Act premium increases this  year were over 40 percent for many individuals. Few people, of course,  can afford that. Families that did manage to purchase Affordable Care  Act insurance found that they could no longer afford to use it.    One Iowan recently called my office and told me that his premiums  have increased 400 percent in 3 years. He also said that his deductible  went up to--can you believe it--$14,000. Last year, one of his children  had a major medical problem, and they had to pay for all of that care  out of their pocket--not from the insurance. The family paid $12,000  for the Affordable Care Act insurance, which did not pay for any health  care. Of course, that just doesn't make any sense whatsoever.   The problem is that the Affordable Care Act did nothing to address  the underlying causes of the high cost of health care; that is, what it  costs for a hospital or a doctor to purchase or maintain medical  equipment, purchase medicines, carry malpractice insurance, and a lot  of other costs they have.   Rather than address the actual cost to care, President Obama and his  colleagues chose to bypass real health care reform for an unsustainable  entitlement and bureaucratic mandates that have priced people out of  the health insurance market, rather than provide those same people with  affordable and quality coverage.   So we are at it now. It is time for real health care reform, not the  misguided policies that we were promised 8 years ago that now have  turned out to be what I describe as misguided policies. It is time to  deliver to Americans what we were promised. It is time to provide  accessible, affordable health care to all Americans. But my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle need to work with us. They know that the  Affordable Care Act is falling apart. They know it is unaffordable.   As we have heard in speeches this week, the other side is trying to  distract attention from the Affordable Care Act collapse by using scare  tactics, like you recently heard. It is time for the Democrats to step  up, instead of doubling down. It is time for statesmanship, not  gamesmanship. It is time for the Democrats to stop defending the ``un- Affordable Care Act'' and deliver Americans what was promised.   I look forward to working with my colleagues and the Trump  administration to deliver affordable health care to all Americans in  the tradition of the Senate, which is what didn't happen in 2009. It  was strictly a one-party program put before the Congress to pass. That  is why it has failed--because so many of the people who could have made  a good bill pass in 2009 were shut out of the process because this body  had 60 Democratic Members and they didn't have to pay any attention to  Republicans.   They spent maybe 8 or 9 months trying to work with the Republicans to  negotiate a bipartisan deal. But before that was completed, they said:  Take it or leave it. The Republican minority at that time was not going  to be dictated to, and we were pushed out of the room.   Then what ended up being the Affordable Care Act was written in the  big black hole of Senate Majority Leader Reid's office, without the  bipartisan input which has made so many social programs in America  successful. I would name the Social Security Act. I would name civil  rights legislation, Medicare legislation, and Medicaid legislation,  which all had broad bipartisan support to get them passed. In the case  of the Civil Rights Act, a higher proportion of Republicans voted for  it than Democrats voted for it--just one example.   That is the tradition of the Senate when you have major social  legislation that has been successful, and that is why the Affordable  Care Act was not successful--because it was strictly a partisan  approach that was used to have it become law.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   