 Mr. Speaker, this is an important day, and I have great  friends on the other side of the aisle. We debated aggressively, and,  in fact, I see one of my colleagues from California. We spent 27\1/2\  hours dealing with our committee of jurisdiction's markup of the bill.   It has been a long time since ObamaCare was passed, 7 years, and  those of us on our side said: Well, we didn't keep the insurance plan  they said we were able to keep, we didn't get to keep the doctor that  they promised we could have, we didn't save the $2,500 a month that was  promised would be the savings if we passed ObamaCare.   So I would argue, we have been very patient--7 years--and I think the  public has been very patient. The public has judged ObamaCare through a  couple of election cycles and has claimed failure. So we are on, as we  call it, a rescue mission, because right now premiums have increased 25  percent, on average, across the country; one-third of U.S. counties  have only one insurer; 4.7 million Americans were kicked off their  health plan; and $1 trillion in new taxes.   Out of the 23 ObamaCare CO-OPs--I love co-ops. I am from rural  America. We believe in co-ops. They are not-for-profits. Out of the 23  ObamaCare CO-OPs, 18 failed. It shows you it is not working: $53  billion in new regulation costs; 176 million hours of paperwork.   So what do we do? Republicans believe in transparency. We believe in  markets. We believe in competition. We believe in what we are calling  cooperative federalism: returning power to the States.   We are seeing that in part of the Medicaid proposals, allowing the  engines of our country, the States--some have been very, very  successful in reforming the Medicaid programs, providing first-dollar  coverage, and some  [[Page H2356]]  have not. Hopefully, they will learn from the other States.   We also want to empower the individuals in the individual markets.  One-size-fits-all, mandatory--you have to have one of only four plans-- has destroyed the individual market.   So 7 years is too long to wait. I appreciate us moving aggressively.  Time is of the essence. We are on a rescue mission, and this is just  another path in the process of repealing and replacing ObamaCare.    