 Mr. President, people around the country know the world  continues to be a very dangerous place. It became more dangerous over  the past 8 years. I believe that is particularly related to what I saw  as unwise and unsound policies by the Obama administration, certainly  when it comes to foreign policy.   Every President's foreign policy should secure America's national  interests and demonstrate America's leadership around the world. That  was not the case under President Obama. The last President and his team  followed a policy, what has been called strategic patience--strategic  patience--when dealing with hostile countries all around the world:  Iran, North Korea.   Any time there was a belligerent, aggressive, cunning dictator on the  move, President Obama's position was strategic patience. It was a  terrible approach--a terrible approach for us in dealing with reckless  regimes.   I always thought President Obama was completely focused on signing a  nuclear deal with Iran, not because it actually was a great deal but  maybe because it might reflect well on his legacy. I thought he wanted  a deal so badly that he ended up getting a deal that was a bad deal.  Well, as part of the deal, the former President accepted Iranian  demands--and he accepted all of them--to lift an arms embargo that the  United Nations had put into place.   This was an embargo that said that Iran was not supposed to be  selling weapons to other countries. The embargo was going to disappear  in 5 years, whether Iran complied with it or not. We already know Iran  has no intention of playing by the rules. They haven't played by the  rules all the way through. Last week, the Secretary of Defense, James  Mattis, said Iran has already been violating the embargo. That is why I  believe they have no intention of playing by the rules.   The Secretary of Defense tells us they are not playing by the rules  now. He said we have seen Iranian-supplied missiles--our Secretary of  Defense said: We have seen Iranian-supplied missiles being fired into  Saudi Arabia by the rebels in Yemen. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson  was even more clear. He said last week that Iran is ``the world's  leading state sponsor of terrorism.''   He said that Iran is ``responsible for intensifying multiple  conflicts''--``intensifying the conflicts and undermining U.S.  interests in countries such as Syria, Yemen, Iraq, and Lebanon.'' Now,  this is a direct result of President Obama spending 8 years being  strategically patient. It is the result of sending the signal that Iran  would be rewarded for its bad behavior.   So let's look at what happened last year when the Obama  administration was bragging about the nuclear deal--and they were high- fiving, bragging about the deal.   Just when the deal went into effect, President Obama arranged to send  to Iran $1.7 billion in cash--$1.7 billion is an astonishingly large  amount of money. It is a million and a million and a million--it is  1,700 piles of $1 million. Remember--try to visualize this. You may  remember the news reports about pallets of cash stacked up going to  Iran. President Obama sent $400 million as a downpayment.   Within 24 hours, the Iranians agreed to release a group of Americans  whom they had been holding hostage. The Obama White House said it was  not a ransom payment to free the hostages. The Obama administration  actually thought the American people were naive enough to believe it  was just a coincidence in timing. Well, you can bet the Iranians did  not believe it was a coincidence because they actually said it was not  a coincidence.   The Iranians described the money as for the release of the hostages.  We know from experience that the Iranians see hostage-taking as a valid  way of conducting their own foreign policy. Right now, North Korea also  has taken hostages--three American hostages written about today in the  papers.   We know from experience the Iranians see hostage-taking as a valid  way to conduct foreign policy, and they have also gotten the message,  at least from the previous administration, that it can be a very  profitable policy as well. President Obama played right into their  hands. There is something else President Obama did that we just learned  about, and that is why I wanted to speak about this today.   Politico had a major expose on Monday of this week. The headline was:  ``Obama's hidden Iran deal giveaway''--  [[Page S2573]]  the ``hidden deal giveaway.'' Around the same time President Obama was  sending cash to Iran, he also released seven Iranians who had been  arrested by the United States. The President downplayed the crimes  these individuals had committed. He said it was a ``one-time gesture''  to help grease the skids for his Iran deal.   Now, according to the documents obtained by Politico, the Obama  administration also dropped charges and international arrest warrants  against 14 other individuals. Some of them were wanted for serious  threats to our own American national security. One man was charged with  trying to buy thousands of assault weapons--thousands of assault  weapons--and send them to Iran.   Another was charged with conspiring to get from Iran thousands of  pieces of equipment with nuclear applications. The scheme included  hundreds of U.S.-made sensors for uranium enrichment centrifuges in  Iran. Centrifuges were a big reason we were concerned about Iran's  nuclear program in the first place. Yet, according to President Obama,  this doesn't seem to be a problem.   According to the article that came out Monday, ``As far back as the  fall of 2014, Obama administration officials began slow-walking some  significant investigations and prosecutions of Iranian procurement  networks operating right here within the United States.''   As one expert told Politico, ``This is a scandal.'' She said: ``It's  stunning and hard to understand why we would do this.'' Republicans in  Congress warned about this kind of thing from the very beginning.  President Obama was so interested in getting a deal that he got one  that in my opinion, has been very bad for the United States--not just  for the United States, bad for the world because Iran with a nuclear  weapon makes the world less safe, less secure, and less stable.   President Obama has this as part of his legacy, but I will tell you  strategic patience has failed. Secretary of State Tillerson said so  last week, and I agree with him completely. I am glad to hear our top  diplomat recognized this, and I am glad to see the Trump administration  doing a comprehensive review of the Iran nuclear agreement.   The last President put international opinion first when it came to  foreign policy. We see this all around the world. This President,  President Trump, is showing that we will put America's interests first.  It is not just Iran where we have the problem. I was recently in Asia  over the break, along with a group of Senators. We went to Tokyo, we  went to Beijing to meet with the leaders in China. We went around that  region. We met with the Premier of China, who is the No. 2 person in  China, and we met with the No. 3 and the No. 4 to talk specifically  about the problems of North Korea and the region.   For a long time, North Korea has been called the land of lousy  options, but there is new urgency as we see the increasing capacity of  North Korea now with their rockets not just propelled with liquid fuel  but now with solid fuel that allows for quicker launches. The launch  vehicles are no longer on wheels limited to the roads in North Korea,  they are now on tracks and they can go anywhere.   North Korea has increased their nuclear capacity as well as their  missile deliverability, and they are working on intercontinental  ballistic missiles that can hit the United States. That is why we were  at the White House yesterday for this secure briefing. That is why it  is so critical that we focus on North Korea and we have a President who  is focused on a peaceful resolution but is not afraid to use force, as  we have seen in Syria and in Afghanistan, because if you want to use  deterrence, you have to have a capacity--which we have had in the  United States, which is incredible--through the Presidents over the  years. You have to have a commitment to use that capacity, and we have  seen from President Trump a commitment to use that capacity in Syria,  in Afghanistan. You have to communicate a willingness to use that  capacity, as President Trump is doing today.    Last week, Vice President Pence traveled to the demilitarized zone  between South Korea and North Korea. He said very clearly that when it  comes to North Korea's nuclear weapons program, ``the era of strategic  patience is over.''   North Korea has been allowed to get away with too much for too long.  It continues to test nuclear weapons. It continues to test missiles. It  continues to use hostages as a way of getting what it wants from other  countries.   Over the weekend, we learned that North Korea arrested an American  professor who was in that country. North Korea, like Iran, has a  history of taking hostages and using them as leverage to get what it  wants. We now know three Americans are being held in North Korea.   The leadership of countries like Iran and North Korea need to  understand that this kind of action will not succeed.   No one wants a fight with Iran. No one wants a fight with North  Korea. The way to avoid the fight is to show that there is a limit to  the patience of civilized countries of the world, which is why the age  of strategic patience is now in the past.   There is new leadership with negotiation, deterrence, and, as a final  option, the use of force, if necessary, which has not been the case in  the last 8 years, where the use of force, the message sent by that  administration was: We have no commitment to use the capacity which the  United States has.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   