 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3823.   Mr. Speaker, I want to be very clear what is at stake if Congress  fails to pass the FAA extension. Starting on October 1, no aviation  taxes will be collected. Approximately $40 million of revenue will be  lost each day; the revenue that would have been used for airport  infrastructure funding and the FAA's important safety, operational, and  research functions.   No new Airport Improvement Program grants will be issued to airports  in the communities across the country.   All FAA accounts funded out of the aviation trust fund--the  Facilities and Equipment; AIP; Research, Engineering, and Development  accounts--will be impacted.   Thousands of employees will be furloughed and some will be required  to show up to work for no pay.   We must also be clear on the impact to hurricane recovery efforts  currently underway by the FAA and funded from the Facilities and  Equipment account,  [[Page H7562]]  including those in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.   The FAA is currently trying to restore radars, navigational aids, and  other equipment damaged during Hurricane Maria. This is happening while  stranded passengers in the San Juan airport wait without air- conditioning and electricity for flights off the island.   The FAA technicians are working around the clock to restore services,  but because of the extent of the damage and the challenges of the  terrain where equipment is located, it is difficult to determine when  full restoration will happen.   For instance, as we debate this bill, technicians are making their  way to a long-range radar site on a mountain in Puerto Rico. The last  two miles to the site through the rainforest are impassable, so the  technicians are using chainsaws to clear a path for themselves and  their replacement equipment. The radar and navigation equipment are  critical for the safe operation of flights.   We will have plenty of time to debate aviation policy in the coming  weeks, and I look forward to it. But the FAA extension we are  considering this week is not a pawn in a Washington game of political  brinksmanship.   It is time for Congress to ensure the FAA's authorities, funding, and  disaster recovery efforts continue uninterrupted in order to help those  impacted by the hurricanes that are desperately needed.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this critical  legislation.   