 Mr. President, I stand today to express my opposition to  the nomination of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the  Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. Pruitt's track record does not  demonstrate a commitment to addressing critical natural resource  issues.   As Oklahoma's attorney general, he joined forces with polluters to  sue the Environmental Protection Agency again and again, to undermine  the safeguards for clean air and for clean water.   I am also dismayed he has not yet committed to recusing himself on  those pending lawsuits, if confirmed. Not once, not one single time has  he pressed the EPA for more action to protect public health or the  environment. He has defined his career by undermining laws that prevent  people from getting sick and safeguard the environment from  degradation.   In addition, Mr. Pruitt refuses to release thousands of emails  related to his ties to special interests, including corporations that  may have donated to his political campaigns. These connections to very  big energy interests are relevant, given Mr. Pruitt's history of  copying and pasting industry requests directly onto his attorney  general office's letterhead.   It is very difficult to fully evaluate his record without these  emails made public. Just yesterday, an Oklahoma State district judge  ruled that Mr. Pruitt's office will have until Tuesday to turn over  these emails.   Unfortunately, the Senate will vote on his nomination in just a  moment, before these documents are released, and give the American  people an opportunity to see what they contain.   I would strongly urge that the nomination vote be postponed until  these emails are released, and they can be fully considered. The EPA  Administrator must be someone who is committed to improving and  enforcing laws and regulations that safeguard clean air and clean water  for all Americans.   Mr. Pruitt's record of undermining critical health and environmental  protections demonstrate that he is simply not the right person to lead  the EPA. I urge my colleagues to oppose Mr. Pruitt's nomination.   I yield the floor.   