 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come from a State that in some ways is  very similar to yours, the State of Kansas. You get to see firsthand  the impact of trade and exports on the people, on jobs, and on the  economic opportunity of my communities. Our State economy relies on our  ability to sell the products we grow and manufacture to people around  the globe.   Strengthening our trade relationships and expanding market access for  exports abroad creates a greater opportunity for Kansans today and  those who follow us. One of my goals has always been to make certain  that communities across Kansas remain a place in which the young men  and women who grow up there find it to be a place to raise their  families. Our ability to do that, especially in a small, rural  community with agriculture and agricultural exports, is so important.  It is a way that we can really put America first.   If our goal is to have an America that has strength and prosperity,  we ought to continue to focus on improving our Nation's economy. That  is one of the things that I appreciate--we seem to be focused in such a  significant way on our ability to grow an economy. I think we are  poised for much greater things economically.   ``Economics'' may sound like just one of those words, but what that  means is more jobs, better jobs, more secure jobs, jobs for our  children so that maybe they can pay back their student loans. This  country desperately needs the jobs in the communities across Kansas and  around the country, and it is really what we call the American dream.   Trade, including our ability to sell the food and fiber we grow in  our State, is a key part that drives our economy forward. Almost half  of the wheat grown in Kansas is exported to foreign markets. What that  means is, if you weren't doing that, nearly half of the acres planted  in our State would be idle. That means the communities those farmers  and ranchers live in and around would have half of the amount of  economic activity that currently is occurring. American ranchers ship  over 1 million metric tons of beef to consumers abroad. Thousands of  acres of corn, sorghum, and soybeans being planted this spring across  Kansas and the Nation will ultimately be exported.   Approximately 95 percent of the world's consumers live outside  America's borders. To reach those consumers, our Nation must produce a  trade policy that grows the existing export markets while continuously  building and developing new ones. Without export markets, both  production and prices would fall for farmers and ranchers, and rural  communities supported by agriculture would disappear. The revenue  generated by exports not only keeps family farmers and ranchers afloat,  it drives rural economies and supports small businesses.   The aerospace industry, which is so important in Kansas, also relies  on an integrated supply chain and strong trade policy. Wichita, KS-- appropriately labeled the ``Air Capital of the World''--manufactures  more than half of the world's general aviation light aircraft and  business jets. Without trade, aerospace and manufacturing facilities in  Wichita and surrounding areas and Kansas City and surrounding areas  would not exist and workers in those factories would be left without  job opportunities.   It is critical that we protect these jobs, many of which depend upon  the United States having a strong economic relationship with Canada and  Mexico. The North America Free-Trade Agreement, which went into effect  in 1994, plays a significant role in supporting trade with those two  neighboring nations.   Of course, the world and technology have changed since 1994 when that  agreement was entered into. There are areas of the agreement that can  be improved and modernized. Many of those changes have been discussed  and are issues that the United States, Canada, and Mexico agreed to  during TPP negotiations, such as strengthening our intellectual  property rights and new provisions for e-commerce.   If we work collaboratively with Mexico and Canada to address the  issues with NAFTA, including the issues on which we strongly disagree,  I am confident we can improve the agreement for all parties. But  efforts to pull out of NAFTA completely or to weaken our trading  relationship with Canada and Mexico during renegotiations would cause  significant damage to the American economy. We must have willing  negotiators sitting across the table when discussing NAFTA, and that  starts with treating our neighbors as trade partners and as friends. We  need to treat these folks as friends, and we need to seize the  opportunities we have.   Working together to improve NAFTA or building economic relations with  other trading partners does not mean America should take a step back  from enforcing the current rules. Oftentimes in the past, we have been  too focused on striking trade deals and selling them to the public, but  we haven't done enough to make sure other countries are playing by the  rules that are negotiated. Nontariff barriers and unfair trading  practices by foreign countries harm our producers, workers, and  consumers.   We must make certain American producers are competing on a level  playing field in a global market and that our jobs and wages are not  being undermined by other countries' efforts to distort trade policies  and trade agreements.   Many Americans have lost confidence in trade agreements, and I  believe that is partly because the benefits of trade agreements have  been oversold, while the enforcement of unfair trade practices have  been insufficient. In promoting agreements, leaders had set  expectations for increased jobs, higher wages, growth in exports, and  many other metrics that were impossible to meet. When these exaggerated  promises did not come to fruition, many people lost confidence in those  trade agreements.   America should strengthen our commitment to holding other countries  accountable in order to inspire greater confidence from the American  public in our Nation's ability to reach a trade agreement that benefits  us all.   Weakening our trade relations will cause Kansans to lose jobs.  Farmers and ranchers will no longer be able to pursue their careers and  lifestyle. But with strong leadership and smart negotiating, I am  convinced that America can improve our trade relationships in the world  and continue to build on the economic successes we have today.   A robust U.S. economy that provides market opportunities for farmers,  ranchers, and manufacturers, and job prospects for workers is an  essential pillar of America's strength and well-being. Strong trade  relationships, particularly with Canada and Mexico, are primary drivers  of our Nation's economy. We must protect those relationships and  carefully consider changes in our approach to trade to be certain that  Americans continue to benefit from economic opportunities that are  created by a strong trade policy.   Madam President, our relationships with Mexico and Canada are  important and in many ways determine the economic future of the people  of my State at home.  [[Page S2902]]    Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   