 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to  thank Mr. Royce and Mr. Engel for their leadership. I also want to  thank Mr. McCarthy, Speaker Ryan, and Leader Pelosi for their strong  support of this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I went to Brussels over the Memorial Day break. We met  in Brussels with the NATO leaders. The Deputy Secretary General was  there, and we spoke about the confidence that our European allies had,  and needed, for the continuing viability of NATO, the North Atlantic  Treaty Organization, and our commitment to the mutual defense of the  members of NATO.   That has been for 70 years the critical--over 70 years, really--the  critical stability that we have seen in the European Plain, and it  needs to continue to be.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor this resolution, which reaffirms  our Nation's commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization's  article 5 and the common defense among our NATO allies.   For 70 years, as I said, NATO has kept the peace in Europe and around  the world. Now, that does not mean that we have had peace everywhere in  the world, but it does mean that we have not had world conflagration,  as we saw in the last century.   From the Cuban Missile Crisis to the fall of the Iron Curtain, NATO's  unity in the face of common threats has helped prevent a direct Soviet  attack against America and against our allies.   Since the end of the Cold War, NATO has been adapting to meet threats  new and old. Together, NATO members have served on the ground in  Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, and enlargement has made the allegiance  even stronger.   Now, with Russia once again putting forward an aggressive posture to  its neighbors and the world--in addition to visiting Bosnia, we also  went to Lithuania and to Estonia, and I visited Denmark, as well--there  is no doubt that the neighbors of Russia feel a pressure that has, over  the last 15 years, not been as present. NATO's common defense  commitment is as vital to global security and America's security as it  has ever been.   We know that Russia interfered with our elections and has used cyber  attacks against our NATO allies to subvert their democratic  institutions as well. Estonia, in particular, has developed, and is  developing, defenses to cyber attacks.   We, the United States, the leader of the free world, must make it  clear, unequivocally so, both to Vladimir Putin and to our NATO allies,  that the United States stands firmly by its commitment to the alliance  and its collective defense.   It has only been once that article 5 has been implicated, and that  was after 9/11, when all of our European allies in NATO said that an  attack on the United States was perceived as an attack on them, and  they pledged their unity and alliance and action. An attack on one is  an attack on all--an attack on democracy, on freedom, on the values  that this country and our NATO allies stand for.   It is in that context, Mr. Speaker, that I urge my colleagues to join  us in giving this resolution--it says here on this text--a strong vote  of passage. More than that, I hope this is a unanimous vote of  passage. This is the oppression of the leader of the free world that we  will not only lead, but we will act.    