 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, this week we are moving to confirm four  Federal circuit judges. Because of that, it is a good week to talk  about the critical role the judiciary plays and actually about the  unique power our Constitution gave the courts to do the job they are  supposed to do.   They are to provide a check and balance on the other two coequal  branches of government--the executive branch and the legislative  branch. Most importantly, the Federal judiciary provides Americans with  an avenue with which to seek the rule of law, an avenue to know that  one is going to be impacted by what the law says and what the  Constitution says. It is a fundamental right of how we conduct  ourselves, how we seek justice, how people should be able to make  decisions about their families and about their businesses and about  their financial futures as well as their personal futures.   That is why judges who believe in the rule of law and what the law  says and what the Constitution says are so important and why it is  important to have qualified and well-grounded judges--not just people  who are really good lawyers but people who have an appreciation for how  important it is that others can absolutely rely on the law and the  Constitution. Those can be changed. There is a way to change them, but  the way to change them is seldom on the Federal bench.   According to the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, as of this  morning, there are 148 vacancies on the Federal judiciary. That  includes two vacancies on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. It  includes the circuit judges of whose nominations we have not yet fully  complied and approved this week, but there are 148 vacancies--jobs that  are to be filled for as long as the people are able to serve. That is  why healthy judges, younger judges, and judges who are well grounded  can have such an impact for so long. The first major judicial  accomplishment this year, in terms of the nominating process, was Judge  Gorsuch, who 29 years from now will be younger than three of the judges  with whom he is currently serving. These are decisions that will last  well beyond a Presidency and well beyond the tenure of the Senators who  will vote to confirm, and we have a chance to do that.   Of these judicial circuits, the Eighth Circuit is one my State of  Missouri is in. As a matter of fact, the most recent data shows that  while there are a handful of States in that circuit, one-third of all  the cases that had been filed in the Eighth Circuit from September 2015  to September 2016 had come from our State, and I imagine that number  will be about the same again this year. Reshaping the judiciary,  generally, as well as what happens in the Eighth Circuit are important.   At the start of President Trump's term, 12 percent of all of the  positions  [[Page S6950]]  in the Federal judiciary were vacant. The Congressional Research  Service found that not since President Clinton took office has a  President had the constitutional obligation to fill more judicial  vacancies at the start of his term than President Trump. I, certainly,  believe he made the right choice when he selected Judge Gorsuch to  serve on the Court, and I have been enthusiastic about the other judges  whom he has nominated, including the four we have had a chance to talk  about and will continue to have a chance to talk about this week.   I think President Trump will continue to nominate judges who will,  first of all, pay attention to the Constitution and what it says, who  will apply the rule of law, and will not legislate from the bench.  Those three hallmarks of how this Senate should define, and how this  President has so far defined, what a judge is supposed to do not only  can happen but can happen at this moment for--or at least as of January  20--12 percent of the judicial positions, and that number will continue  to grow as judges, for whatever reason, leave the bench as judges  decide to take early retirement. If at the end of the 4 years of this  administration we have filled all of the vacancies that will have  occurred, we will have filled more than 12 percent of those lifetime  appointments. So it is really important that the Senate act to confirm  these nominees and fill as many vacancies as are there to be filled.   Last month, the Federalist reported: ``Democrats are forcing more  cloture votes than any early Presidency and demanding the full 30 hours  of floor time per nominee that the Senate rules allow.''   Yesterday, at the press stakeout that we had outside of this room, I  said that the Senate was designed to protect the rights of the  minority, and that is a good thing. Just the fact that it would take 6  years to replace the entire Senate means that the country has to stay  focused on one set of ideas if all of the Senators are going to reflect  that one set of ideas much longer than the 2-year opportunity to change  everybody in the House. Also, the understanding that the Senate  provides that protection for minorities to be heard in a big and  diverse democracy like we have is a good thing. In the points that we  were making yesterday, I also said that the protections for the  minority are always held onto, appreciated, and protected until the  minority decides to abuse those protections. When that happens, the  minority always loses the protection.   What we have had over and over again--47 times this year as compared  to 1 time with President Obama for nonjudicial appointments, 5 times in  the entire first Obama year up until this time in October, I believe,  no times for either President Bush, and 1 time for President Clinton-- is that the minority has taken a judicial nomination or another  nomination and said we are going to insist on 30 hours of debate  because the rules allow for 30 hours of debate. Well, the rules allow  for 30 hours of debate for contentious nominees. The rules allow for 30  hours of debate when there is really going to be a debate. Last week,  we had 30 hours of debate on a judge, but 20 minutes were spent talking  in support of him while zero minutes were spent in opposing him. The 30  hours that could have been used for other purposes was gone.   Frankly, I think that was the reason the 30 hours was demanded--so  the other work of the Senate had to be set aside so we could do the  equally important work of letting the President put people in vacant  positions that needed to be filled. That 30 hours will be changed if  the minority continues to abuse it. It has happened in the entire  history of the Senate, but that is what happens when you abuse these  rules that protect you and give you rights. It will happen again here  if this does not change.   We see the same thing happening this week. We have had lots of time  this week--30 hours of debate, a final vote, and Democrats and  Republicans vote. In fact, regarding the judge I mentioned a minute  ago, 28 Democrats voted for that judge. There were 30 hours of debate,  and not a single critical word was spoken in debate about the judge. A  majority of the Democrats and virtually all of the Republicans voted  for that judge. That is not an acceptable way to stop the Senate from  getting to the other work the Senate needs to do. This is not  basketball without a clock, where they used to effectively play the  delay game. The delay game got abused, and the clock became part of the  system. The clock will run faster here, too, if our colleagues do not  begin to see the importance of what we do here.   