 Mr. President, Congress has spent the first 4 months of  this year using an arcane, expedited procedure to roll back policies  from the previous administration, while disregarding the impact these  changes will have on American workers and families.   When you hold a belief that anything done by a Federal agency is bad,  cutting programs seems like progress, but, unfortunately, it is not  that simple.   I am all for streamlining government and making the process of doing  business easier, but some rules--rules that keep workers safe, for  example, or to protect consumers or to keep our air and water clean-- are protections that make sense.   In their ideological zeal, the majority has time and again made the  decision to roll back important policies regardless of the impact on  American people.   So far this year, just to name a few, the majority has rolled back  environmental protections for clean water and allowed internet service  providers to sell your personal browsing history to the highest bidder.  The majority has also reversed rules that make workplaces safer and has  even made it easier for corporations to bribe the governments of  developing countries.   Now today, as the window closes on the majority's ability to rush  through legislation under the Congressional Review Act, we are again  facing a vote that could harm American families and make it harder for  people to save for retirement.   As I have said on this topic before, for the people of Michigan, the  American dream can take on many forms. But no matter who you are, there  are a few fundamentals that I truly believe cut across the entire  American society. One small piece of the American dream is the ability  to retire with dignity and save enough to be able to pass along  something to the next generation.   The measure under consideration today, which would repeal the  Department of Labor's safe harbor for States developing retirement  plans, would be a step backward, and it would make it harder for people  to save for a secure retirement.   It is no secret that the American economy has changed in the last  generation. One of the most profound changes for working families has  been the dramatic shift from defined benefit pension plans to defined  contribution plans. Our current system of IRAs and 401(k)s work well  for many people, but it is unfortunately leaving millions of Americans  behind.   If you work for a large, stable employer--like those of us privileged  to work for the U.S. Senate--you will more than likely have access to a  retirement plan. Americans, when they have access to these types of  plans, make smart, prudent financial decisions.   Over 90 percent of Americans with access to a workplace plan report  saving for their retirement. But not everyone works for a large  employer, and for those who do not, the system has very large, gaping  holes.   Nearly 60 million working Americans do not have access to a workplace  retirement plan. These are workers who are trying to put something away  for a comfortable retirement and build a stable financial future for  their families. They simply demand some solutions, and they certainly  deserve them. Families don't care if it is a Democratic solution or a  Republican solution, nor do they care if it is a Federal Government  idea or their local State's idea. They simply want and need access to a  plan that allows them to build a better future.   So this leads to a very important question. If the States are working  to do their part to find solutions to this problem, why would we in the  U.S. Senate work to block them?   These safe harbors provided by the Department of Labor are the  perfect example of allowing the States to do what they do best, which  is taking an active role as laboratories of democracy.   As I have said, we need big ideas, we need small ideas, and, frankly,  we need all of the ideas that we can get. But I am saying here today  that I am willing to work with any of my colleagues on a plan--big or  small--to help Americans move toward a secure retirement.   A secure retirement cannot become a relic of the past, but this piece  of the American dream will only be true for this generation of workers  if we start working on these solutions now. We certainly should not  stand in the way of States working on innovative ways to help the  citizens of their respective States.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on the resolution.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   