 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to start my remarks on healthcare  and what is ahead over the next couple of weeks in this way.   For almost 7 years before I got elected to the Congress, I was the  director of the Oregon Gray Panthers, which is a senior citizens group,  and I ran a legal aid office for the elderly. I made the judgment then  that healthcare was and always would be the most important issue. I  made that judgment because I have always felt that if you and your  loved ones do not have their health, then pretty much everything else  does not matter.   The Presiding Officer of the Senate, of course, is a skilled  healthcare provider and knows a lot about these issues, and I am really  going to use that as my reference point today in making the judgment  that having quality, affordable healthcare for your families and  yourselves is paramount to everything else.  [[Page S3546]]    My view is that the proposal being considered here in the Senate of  cutting hundreds of billions of dollars in funds from the social safety  net--the Medicaid Program, which is the lifeline for seniors and kids  with special needs and for the disabled--is going to put at risk the  health and well-being of millions of Americans if it is passed.   It is why I want to take some time to explain what it actually does  so that people all across this country will be in a position to make  their voices heard--to speak up, to do their part--so that when this  debate comes to the floor of the U.S. Senate, as I believe it will in  the next couple of weeks--and it moves very quickly--every Member of  this body will have heard, loud and clear, what Americans think of this  proposal, and I do not think that that assessment is going to be too  kind.   Now, the House passed their version of TrumpCare by a razor's edge,  and to put it in a pleasant way, over here, Senators looked at it and  said: No way. No thanks. My colleagues in the Senate majority said: We  are throwing this bill out, starting fresh, and we are going to do it  right. So I am going to start with where that process got lost.   The majority convened a special working group made up of 13  Republican Senators, all of them men, and it turns out, based on  comments that have been reported, the Senate bill isn't going to be all  that different from what the House was talking about. So Republicans in  the Senate are pretty much picking up where the House left off on  TrumpCare, and the legislation that is being crafted stays hidden-- stays behind closed doors and in a position where, for example, if you  are a Democrat on the Finance Committee, you don't even know what is in  it. It is not going before committees. It will not be put forward for  amendment in a markup. With barely any public notice, the bill will hit  this floor for 28 hours of debate--that is that.   I will just briefly describe a session we had in the Finance  Committee this week where there was discussion from the other side of  the aisle that maybe there was a big partisan divide with respect to  healthcare. I listened a bit. Finally, I said: I don't know how you can  have a partisan divide about a bill that you can't read.   I am the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee. The Finance  Committee is the committee that has jurisdiction over hundreds of  billions of dollars in payments for Medicare and Medicaid and the  various tax credits that are part of the Affordable Care Act. This is  the committee with the authority to address the management of hundreds  of billions of dollars for those programs--Medicare, Medicaid, tax  credits--and we see nothing. Not only have there been no hearings, we  haven't seen anything. Something has been sent to the Congressional  Budget Office. Who knows the answer to that. We haven't seen that  either.   So that is the process that would dictate a radical transformation of  one-sixth of the American economy--the American healthcare system-- affecting millions and millions of Americans.   That is what we are looking at right now for the next couple of  weeks, and it is pretty different than what happened during the  Affordable Care Act.   I want to focus on a few points just with respect to that. The first  is especially important, as I have said, to the Finance Committee that  deals with Medicare and Medicaid and these crucial aspects of  healthcare in America. The Senate Finance Committee has been cut out of  this process. The chairman, Senator Hatch, I, and 24 other committee  members--there has been nothing for us to examine as a group to do what  the Finance Committee tries to do best, which is to work in a  bipartisan way. That is what we have done so often in the past, which  is to sit down and try to take the good ideas that come from both  sides, from the staff who knows healthcare inside and out, with years  of experience working on healthcare matters.   I have a little bit of a special interest in this because I wrote  something called the Healthy Americans Act before the Presiding Officer  was here in this body. Eight Democratic Senators and eight Republican  Senators joined together in comprehensive healthcare reform for the  first time--for the first time ever before.   We have done a lot of good work on issues that represent the big  challenges ahead. We know, for example, Medicare today isn't the  Medicare of 1965, when it was about broken ankles, Part A or Part B, a  bad case of the flu. Today Medicare is about chronic illness--diabetes  and heart disease and strokes and cancer. We have worked on that in a  bipartisan way. Bipartisanship is what the Finance Committee is all  about.   So in the runup to the Affordable Care Act, we held more than 50  hearings, roundtables, walk-through sessions. It wasn't exactly  exciting. We always used to say: If you are having trouble sleeping,  come by for a while and you will be knocked out in a matter of minutes.  But that is where you do the hard work of legislating.   When the Finance Committee finished the drafting process, the  legislation sat online for 6 days before we went through the formal  committee consideration--what we know up here as a markup. A total of  564 amendments were posted online before the markup began for all to  read. The markup lasted 8 days. There were 130 amendments in the  longest markup in 22 years. Two dozen Republican amendments were  adopted, and the bill passed with a bipartisan vote.   We all got pretty sick of the hearing room by the time it was over. I  will just read a quote from Senator Grassley with respect to the  Finance Committee markup of the Affordable Care Act. Senator Grassley  is the chairman, of course, of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the  former committee chairman of the Finance Committee, and a very careful,  thoughtful legislator. He said: ``This was the most open and inclusive  process the committee has undertaken in its history. . . . ''    He went on to say: `` . . . I believe, since I have been on the  committee.''   So that is not a Democrat. That is Senator Grassley, the chairman of  the Senate Judiciary Committee. I am sure Senator Murray has similar  accounts of the process under the late Senator Kennedy. That  legislation was online for days as well.   That is what the legislative process is supposed to look like. It is  a process that starts from the bottom up, and it is out in the open.  Sunlight has always been the best disinfectant. You get hearings. You  get study. You get debate. You marry the best ideas of both sides.   I have always felt that bipartisanship is not about taking each  other's lousy ideas; bipartisanship is about taking each other's good  ideas, but because of the process the Republican leader is insisting  on, that is not what the majority has on offer. What is in the works is  hidden away so the public and Americans across this country who might  be sitting in a coffee shop and would like to pull up a proposal on  their laptop, they can't do it, and there aren't any hearings on what  might be going in the bill as well. That, in my view, is the wrong way  to build a sweeping, massive proposal like this, which, for so many of  those who are walking on an economic tightrope, balancing their food  against their fuel and their fuel against their medical care, this  isn't some abstract issue for them. It is a matter of life and death.   This proposal is built around an attack on Medicaid. The last version  of the bill that anybody has been allowed to see cut the program by  more than $800 billion, but there haven't been any hearings on what  that would mean for the 74 million Americans who get their healthcare  coverage through Medicaid. Nobody has been brought before the Finance  Committee to talk about how you would not endanger the Medicaid nursing  home benefit with this proposal, and that benefit pays for two out of  three nursing home beds in America. There hasn't been a hearing  examining the effect of the staggering implications of Medicaid cuts on  37 million kids enrolled in the program, particularly what it means for  kids with disabilities and kids in special education classes.   At home in Oregon, when we had town meetings and roundtables on it, I  just brought up--just raised the issue very gently--about the prospect  of those special needs kids being hurt with this proposal, and the room  just broke out in sobs.   There haven't been any hearings on how much worse the opioid epidemic  will get in States across the country when people enrolled in Medicaid  lose access to treatment for mental health and substance abuse  disorders. Just this morning, I talked about a  [[Page S3547]]  brandnew idea that seems to be picking up some interest in the majority  about basically coming up with kind of a separate way to fund the  coverage for opioids. Instead of it being a guarantee of being able to  get access to services, it would sort of be a separate program, which  also is not in line with sensible healthcare policy. As the Presiding  Officer knows, so often those addicted to opioids have multiple  conditions. In other words, if you are a young person who is addicted  to opioids, you might well need mental health services. If you are an  older person who is addicted to opioids, you might need services  relating to chronic illness.   So I want everybody in those States across the country--particularly  in the Midwest and in the industrial Northeast--although opioid  addiction has hit this country like a wrecking ball from Portland, OR,  to Portland, ME. There are a lot of people paying attention to what is  going to happen with respect to coverage for those addicted to opioids,  and based on this proposal I have been reading about that is being  floated, this is a prescription for trouble for those trying to come  back from opioid addiction.   Then, I want to mention the bill's provisions on preexisting  conditions. When the Affordable Care Act was written in committee, the  bedrock guarantee of protection against discrimination for those who  have preexisting conditions and protecting those who have preexisting  conditions with airtight, loophole-free protection--that was at the  heart of the Affordable Care Act. My view is TrumpCare takes a  jackhammer to that bedrock protection, cracking open loopholes that  benefit insurance companies. Americans are aghast that their elected  representatives would support the idea. I know that because I have had  46 townhall meetings in my State this year, and I hear about it at  nearly every one.   So one would think this would generate a lot of interest in the  Senate Finance Committee--the committee with jurisdiction over  Medicaid, for example--because there are a lot of those folks who have  preexisting conditions. No discussion. Zero discussion--zero--of any  proposal that the Senate could be considering over the next couple of  weeks that rolls back protections on preexisting conditions.   I gather the House bill just basically takes the waiver process,  which in the Affordable Care Act was designed to let States do better;  in the House, they let States do worse--considerably worse--and one of  the most objectionable features is the States can get a waiver and  unravel some of those strong protections for people with preexisting  conditions.   Now, if the healthcare changes I have mentioned aren't bad enough,  TrumpCare also takes hundreds of billions of dollars of healthcare from  needy and vulnerable people and, in effect, hands it in tax breaks to  the most fortunate. Nobody has come before the Senate Finance Committee  with authority over taxes to explain why the Congress ought to raid  healthcare programs for the vulnerable to fund tax cuts for the  fortunate few.    Our committee--the chairman and I, along with all the Democrats and  several of the Republicans--has been prevented from legislating out in  the open on this proposal because the Senate TrumpCare plan has  essentially been pushed out of view. It is clear that this isn't just  sidestepping the Finance Committee. The public--the American people-- have been cut out of the process when healthcare policy that will  affect millions for years to come is being written here.   The majority leader has said he pretty much is not interested in  input from Democrats. The Republican healthcare plan is going to move  by reconciliation. That is a Washington word, folks--when you are at a  coffee shop, nobody is talking about reconciliation, but it is  basically our way or the highway. We are going to do it our way, and  that is that. It is the most partisan road you can go down in the  Senate. It relies on moving as quickly as possible with the least  possible sunlight.   As far as I can tell, the Senate bill is going to be hidden until  virtually the last minute, at which point it will come straight to the  floor for a very short, abbreviated debate.   That is not what happened when the Affordable Care Act came up. The  Senate spent 25 consecutive days in session on healthcare reform, the  second longest consecutive session in history--week after week,  spirited debate, mid-November into late December, vote after vote after  vote. In total, the Senate debated the Affordable Care Act for nearly  220 hours. That kind of extended give-and-take from both political  parties you just can't have under this partisan ``our way or the  highway'' approach known as reconciliation.   When the Senate plan hits the floor, there will be 20 hours of debate  before time expires and the final votes are cast. That is it. That is  it. We won't have seen a bill until the last minute, and then one-sixth  of our economy is going to be handled and framed for decades to come in  a short and regrettably partisan debate.   I have said from day one that the Affordable Care Act is not perfect.  No major piece of legislation ever is. For major legislation to work  and for it to last, it has to be bipartisan. That is why I mentioned  that I put in a bipartisan bill--eight Democrats and eight Republicans.  But you don't get it exactly your way. So I was very glad when the  Affordable Care Act took that portion of our bill--the portion of the  bill that had airtight, guaranteed protection for Americans from  discrimination when they had preexisting conditions.   The reason we felt it was so important--the 16 of us, eight Democrats  and eight Republicans--is that if we open up the opportunity for  discriminating against people with preexisting conditions again, we  take America back to the days when healthcare was for the healthy and  the wealthy. That is what happens if you allow that discrimination. If  you are healthy, there is no problem. If you are wealthy, there is no  problem, either. You can just write out the checks if you have  preexisting conditions.   The process the Senate is headed down now is as partisan as it gets.  Unfortunately, what Senate Republicans are doing now makes what the  House was up to almost transparent.   I am going to close here with just one last comment. Now is the time  for the American people to get loud about healthcare--really loud-- because the well-being and health of millions of Americans is at stake  here in the Senate over the next 2 weeks. For older people who could  need nursing home care, for seniors who aren't yet eligible for  Medicare who are between 55 and 65 and who could face huge premium  hikes, for the millions who work for employers who thought they were  safe, the House bill removes the caps on the out-of-pocket expenses  they have. If somebody gets cancer in America, they bust those caps in  a hurry. Yet that is what the House is willing to do, and I don't see  any evidence the Senate is willing to change.   This debate didn't end when the theatrical production on the South  Lawn of the White House took place a few weeks after the vote in the  House of Representatives. My hope is--and I sure heard about it from  Oregonians last week when we had townhall meetings across the State;  there is concern, there is fear, and there is frustration about why  they can't be told what is in this bill--that there is still time for  Americans to make a difference because political change doesn't start  from the top and go down. It is bottom up. It is not top down. It is  bottom up. There is still time for the American people to be heard and  to make sure their Senator understands how they feel about this, what  is at stake, and, in particular, to get an explanation about why they  can't be told now what is in this bill.   I yield the floor.   