 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, in recent years, we have seen a growing  [[Page H7274]]  number of instances where the government has confiscated private  property from citizens and small businesses without any criminal  conviction, or even criminal charges.   Under current civil forfeiture law, the system is ripe for abuse, and  has undermined the constitutional rights of far too many Americans.   In response, 24 States and the District of Columbia have adopted  reforms to their forfeiture laws.   However, through a practice known as adoptive seizures, Federal  agencies, like the Department of Justice, can circumvent State and  local laws to continue this practice.   In July, the Department of Justice announced a continuation and  expansion of civil forfeiture, reversing a previous ban on adoptive  seizures.   My bipartisan amendment, introduced with Representatives Cohen,  McClintock, and Ellison, would prohibit funds for the DOJ to implement  this expansion.   Our amendment is also supported by a broad and diverse coalition of  organizations, including the American Conservative Union, the Institute  for Justice, the NAACP, and the ACLU.   Today's vote takes an important step in halting the practice of  adoptive seizures, protecting the rights of States and localities, and  limiting some future abuses.   Ultimately, this amendment is a starting point, and we can't stop  here. Congress must submit more comprehensive changes into law, changes  like those included in the Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration Act,  my bipartisan bill, that calls for sweeping reforms to curb civil asset  forfeiture abuse.   America was founded on the principles of due process and property  rights, and these principles must be vigorously defended.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. Cohen for yielding. I think that  what he said is absolutely true. When you do a complete circle, you  have come to a point of understanding that something is amiss, in good  will we work together in a bipartisan fashion to fix it.   There can be useful issues relative to civil assets, but it needs to  follow due process. Our civil liberties must be protected. We want to  support law enforcement; it is a tough job. But, nonetheless, in our  great country, liberty is still the most important ideal that we have,  and the freedom that makes us different from other nations.   Mr. Chair, I thank my good friend for his support, and I would ask my  colleagues to support it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I, too, want to thank Chairman Cole for  the good effort on this piece of legislation.   I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 3354 that would block the NLRB  from enforcing the extreme and partisan ambush election rule. Under the  ambush election rule, workers are being rushed into union elections  before they have the opportunity to consider all the consequences.   According to one report, since the ambush election rule took effect,  union elections have been organized 38 percent faster. Before this rule  took effect, the union election process typically took 38 days. Now,  workers may have as few as 11 days to consider whether joining a union  is the best decision for themselves. Eleven days is simply not enough  time for workers to make an important decision that impacts their job  and their paycheck.   In addition to speeding up the process, the NLRB's rule greatly  limits an employer's ability to communicate with its employees through  the pre-election hearing process.   To make matters worse, employers have as little as 7 days to find  legal counsel and appear before an NLRB election officer--7 days. This  is a taxing time constraint, especially on small businesses with  limited resources and a lawyer team that is nonexistent.   But workers are the ones who are really hurt the most. As a former  union worker myself, I respect the right of workers to join a union,  but they deserve a real choice in the matter and the opportunity to  hear from both sides of the debate. At the very least, they deserve  privacy as they come to their decision, but this rule forces employers  to hand over their employees' personal information, including phone  numbers, work schedules, home addresses, e-mail addresses, and work  locations.   The NLRB should ensure fair and transparent elections. Instead, the  board implemented a rule chilling employer free speech and restricting  the rights of workers.   By adopting this amendment to block the ambush election rule, we can  restore the rights of workers and employers in union elections.   I would note that there is still more to be done beyond blocking  funding of this extreme rule. The Workforce Democracy and Fairness Act,  which I introduced earlier this year, would amend Federal law to ensure  union elections are fair and prevent similar NLRB overreach in the  future.   This commonsense bill was approved by the Education and the Workforce  Committee, and it is my hope that it will come up for a vote in the  House, but today we have an opportunity to take a first step toward  putting an end to this radical scheme once and for all.   Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to support this amendment, as well as  the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments of my colleagues  from the Education and the Workforce Committee. We have debated that  very clearly. We have discussed the fact that individuals ought to be  able to make a decision and have a full understanding of what is  available for them.   But when we talk about a streamlining rule, it only works for the  union organizer. It doesn't work for the employee, and certainly not  for the small-business person who isn't blessed with having a large  lawyer team, attorney team, who can go into all of the background  information to find out how, indeed, they even represent themselves and  communicate with their employees in relationship to a union that is  well-versed in what they will do with their challenge in the lawyered- up situation that they have.   It discourages any comprehensive study by the employee--let me state  that again--by the employee of what they are looking at with union  representation or without.   Seven days for a businessperson to get their act together is not a  streamlining that works for them. It works for the union organizer  alone, not the employee or the employer.   Mr. Chairman, I continue to state that, if we truly want our  employees to make informed decisions with all of the information that  can be available to them and the assistance needed so that both sides  are served when they look for a final decision, we must do away with  this rule.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   