 Mr. President, climate disruption is the seminal  challenge of our generation. We have seen the impacts occurring all  around the world. We see it in the disappearing Arctic ice. We see it  in the melting permafrost. We see it in the change of carbon dioxide  and methane being emitted from peat bogs, disappearing glaciers, dying  coral reefs, and certainly more powerful storms and raging fires.   It is the responsibility of those of us in this generation, in this  time, to take action. Indeed, communities across the globe are taking  action. They are increasing the energy efficiency of buildings,  vehicles, and appliances, and they are replacing carbon-polluting  fossil fuel energy with renewable energy. This is such an important  issue.   How much do you know about the changes underway? Well, let's find  out. Welcome to episode 7 of the Senate Climate Disruption Quiz.   Our first question is, Since the year 2000, the rate of global carbon  dioxide pollution has decreased dramatically, decreased slightly,  stayed the same, or increased substantially? Lock in your answers.  [[Page S7051]]    The answer is D, increased substantially. Many folks think that  because of the actions being taken at the local level and by the  community of nations and the Paris Agreement, that, in fact, global  CO2 pollution has decreased dramatically, but it has not.  The rate at which the pollution is occurring is increasing. So it isn't  just the total level. For example, in 1990, we had 354 parts per  million; 10 years later, in 2000, we were up to 369.64 parts per  million; and in 2017, we were up to 408.8 parts per million. The levels  are climbing, but the speed is increasing as well. In that period  around 1990, we were increasing about 1\1/2\ parts per million per  year; by 2000, it was about 2 parts per million per year; and now we  are at 2\1/2\ parts per million per year. So this increase is  substantial.   As a community of nations, we have to not only proceed to decrease  total carbon pollution, but first we have to get the rate of increase  under control.   This brings us to the second question: In September of this year, how  many miles did a Proterra bus drive on a single charge? Did this bus  set a record by going 270 miles, the distance between L.A. and Las  Vegas, or did it set a record by going 600 miles, equivalent from New  York City to Columbia, SC? Did it travel over 1,100 miles, the  equivalent distance from Arizona to Arkansas? Did it manage to go 2,092  miles, the shortest distance from the east coast to the west coast in  America? Lock in your answers.   The correct answer is C. It went 1,100 miles. The electric bus  traveled 1,100 miles. This bus was a new version of the Catalyst E2. It  is called the Catalyst E2 Max. It is produced by Proterra. It has a  battery that is 50 percent larger than the previous version that is  being sold commercially--that is the Catalyst E2. That Proterra that is  currently being sold has a functional range for the transit agencies  that are buying it of over 350 miles, about 350 miles. That is pretty  impressive. But by having a battery that is 50 percent lighter and  moving quite slowly, driving it slowly, they managed to go 1,100 miles.  It is really an indication of the rapid transformation of this  particular type of electric vehicle.   Question No. 3: Warmer weather is contributing to what problem in  major American cities? Is the problem caused by warmer weather transit  delays? Is it exploding rat populations? Is warmer weather contributing  to larger potholes or to longer tourist seasons?   Well, the dramatic answer here is that the warmer weather is  contributing to exploding rat populations. Rat breeding usually slows  in winter, but if you have a mild winter, that doesn't happen.    Since 2013, the pest control company Orkin has reported significant  growth in its services--61 percent growth in Chicago, 67 percent in  Boston, 174 percent in San Francisco, 129 percent in New York City, and  57 percent in Washington, DC, right here where the Capitol is located.  This is a major economic and health problem. Rats caused $19 billion in  economic damage in 2000 from, among other things, eating away at  buildings and infrastructure, and, of course, they are carriers of  rodent-borne diseases like E. coli and salmonella. Plus, we just simply  don't like having them in our cities.   Let's turn to the next question, question No. 4. As of today, how  many nations in the world are rejecting the Paris Agreement that  addresses climate disruption? Is the answer 25 out of the roughly 200  nations in the world or 12 or 3 nations or 1 nation? Lock in your  answers.   The answer is not 25 nor 12, and it is not 3. It is now just one  nation that is rejecting the Paris Agreement. Now, until recently there  were three nations. You had two nations that had not signed up and one  nation that had said it was going to withdraw. The two that had not  signed up were Nicaragua and Syria, and the one that said it was going  to withdraw was the United States of America. President Trump made that  announcement. But a short time ago, Nicaragua announced it was going to  ratify the treaty, and today Syria announced it was going to ratify the  treaty. That leaves the United States standing alone as the only Nation  that is saying it is going to reject the Paris Agreement.   Of course, this has a big impact on American leadership in the world,  since we worked very hard to bring nations together to craft this  agreement. The nations were so impressed that all of them in the world  are now participating except us--except the United States.   Let's go to question No. 5. Better management of our lands and  forests could help reach what percent of the goals laid out in the  Paris Agreement? Could better management of lands and forests  contribute to reaching 5 percent, or one-twentieth of the goal; or 12  percent, roughly one-eighth; or 25 percent, roughly one-quarter of the  goal; or 37 percent, more than one-third of the goal laid out in Paris?  Lock in your answers.   The correct answer to this is D, 37 percent, or more than one-third,  a surprisingly high number. An international study released last month  said the natural climate solutions in guarding the management of our  lands and our forests could help us reach more than a third of the  goals laid out in the Paris Agreement. The paper looked at 20  conservation and improved land management actions that help increase  carbon storage or avoid greenhouse gas emissions in a cost-effective  manner. The single most important factor among them is reforestation.   Years ago I heard an individual say: Wouldn't it be great if we could  just invent something that could pull carbon dioxide out of the air.  Well, we actually have that already. It is called a tree. Growing trees  is a very effective strategy in addressing carbon pollution.   Of course, there are issues related to how we manage our forests and  making them more resilient to forest fires, where they are less likely  to burn and emit carbon. Certainly, there is how we farm and how we  take care of other types of lands, including peat restoration and  coastal restoration.   Those are our five questions for this edition, episode 7, of the  Senate Climate Disruption Quiz. These questions were ripped from the  headlines in regard to the biggest test facing human kind on this  planet. It is up to us in this generation to act.   We are the first generation to experience this enormous range of  impacts from carbon pollution and a warming planet, and we are the only  generation that is able to head off disaster ahead by acting quickly  now. We are racing the clock. There is no time to spare. So stay  engaged and do all you can to help take this on.   Meanwhile, as we learn more about technology and about the planet,  all in the near future, I will bring you Climate Disruption Quiz  Episode 8.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Kaila Davis, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of  the day.   