 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I approach this topic with a little bit of  trepidation. Ordinarily when people make outrageous, outlandish, and  unbelievable statements, I usually think it is best just to let them go  because when people make these kinds of statements, I think they lose  their own credibility, and maybe it doesn't bear any particular comment  by anybody else or a desire or an attempt to refute it. But on the  subject of tax reform, there have been some incredible statements that  have been made, and I am going to mention a few of those because I  think they really paint an ugly picture of what is supposed to be a  debate on tax reform policy, but I think probably they relate more to  sort of the nature of what passes for debate here in Washington, DC-- and particularly the Congress--on matters of important public policy.  In other words, there isn't a lot of debate. There is accusation after  accusation. It gets repeated on social media, then the press picks it  up, and then people just assume, well, it must be true since nobody has  ever denied it or offered any contrary narrative.   For example, the House minority leader apparently had the time to  read every bill that has ever been written since the year 1789 because  she felt comfortable calling this tax bill, which is still in the  process of being written--reconciling the House and Senate versions-- she called it the ``worst bill in the history of the United States  Congress.'' She has been busy if she has read every bill since 1789.  Then she went further because that apparently wasn't enough for her.  She said that our tax bill isn't just poor legislation; she said that  it is an existential threat to the Nation and possibly the entire  planet. Can you believe that? An existential threat to the Nation and  possibly the entire planet.  [[Page S7953]]    Well, you can see why perhaps I was reluctant to come address these  accusations, because I think anybody who would make those kinds of  accusations has lost all credibility. But acting either as a prophet or  an amateur astrologist--we are not quite sure--she called the prospect  of passing tax reform ``Armageddon.''   Well, it is hard to know what to say or do in the face of that sort  of rhetoric because, frankly, this tax reform bill is a good thing. I  wish our friends across the aisle, the Democrats, would join us in  trying to make it better. That is what happened the last time we tried  to do this or this Congress tried to do it.   In 1986, a Republican President; a Democratic Senator from New  Jersey, Senator Bill Bradley; Dan Rostenkowski from Chicago, chairman  of the House Ways and Means Committee, a Democrat; and other Members of  Congress came together to try to reform our Tax Code, and they were  successful in doing it against all odds.    But today, we have an entirely different scenario. We have  Republicans seeing that the economy is growing at a very slow rate and  that wages for most workers have been flat for the last 10 years and  realizing that our current Tax Code is counterproductive when it comes  to encouraging investment, job creation, and wage growth in our country  because we have the highest tax rate in the world for businesses that  do business internationally. We thought, we need to do something about  it, and so we set about reforming our Tax Code with three goals in  mind.   One is to simplify the Tax Code. Everybody knows how complex it is  and how much money people spend hiring an accountant or H&R Block or  somebody to help them figure it out. Secondly, we figured that it would  be important to give hard-working families a tax cut. So we have  succeeded in reducing the tax break for every tax bracket in the Tax  Code for working families. For example, for low-income families, we  have a zero tax bracket now. For a joint-filing husband and wife, on  the first $24,000 they earn, there is no tax at all. And thanks to some  great work by Senator Rubio and Senator Lee, we have doubled the child  tax credit. Those are good things. We have doubled the standard  deduction--so fewer people have to itemize deductions to get the full  benefit of the code--while maintaining the charitable deduction and the  mortgage interest deduction and popular items like that. We have also  said, for example, that a family earning roughly $70,000 a year--the  median income in America for a family of four--would see a benefit of  roughly $2,200 less tax liability.   I would think those would be good things that our friends across the  aisle would want to work with us on. How do we simplify the code? How  do we let people keep more of what they earn, more take-home pay, a  better standard of living? How do we make America's economy more  competitive since we have the highest tax rate in the world and we are  seeing investment in businesses flee to other lower tax jurisdictions?  You would think those would be the sorts of things on which our friends  across the aisle would want to work with us but apparently not.  Instead, what we get are these sort of reckless and really buffoonish  allegations that cause the speaker to lose all credibility in any sort  of debate we might be having.   Unfortunately, the media tends to pick up on some of this rhetoric  and jump on the bandwagon, but the media's worst claims are at least a  little closer to Earth than what I recounted earlier. For example, the  Washington Post said the tax reform ``took place behind closed doors.''  Well, that is a tired old rhetoric and talking point. You would think  the Washington Post could come up with something a little better than  that and actually something that is a little more accurate than that.  One columnist at the New York Times sighs that the package benefits  donors at the expense of voters--what does that mean?--and that it  ``only modestly addresses the central socioeconomic challenge of our  time.'' Well, I wonder what this reporter or columnist for the New York  Times thinks is the central socioeconomic challenge of our time. I  think one of those is for people to be able to pursue the American  dream, to be able to find work, to be paid a decent wage, and to be  able to keep more of what they earn, but that apparently isn't good  enough for this columnist at the New York Times.   Certainly, these charges deserve a little more attention than the  minority leader's asteroid attack, but they, too, are misguided.   When it comes to tax reform, the drafting process did not take place  behind closed doors. I wonder why the Washington Post was so ill- informed and ignorant of the legislative process that they didn't see  the 70 Senate hearings we have had on tax reform since 2011. They  apparently didn't bother to turn on C-SPAN to see the debate and the  amendment process in the Senate Finance Committee that produced the  Senate bill, and they apparently are not paying much attention to what  we are talking about here on the Senate floor as we are trying to  reconcile the differences between the House bill and the Senate bill.  So I guess they are just not paying much attention, which I thought  newspapers and reporters were supposed to do.   The second major allegation--that we are ignoring working Americans  and the middle class--is demonstrably false.   Many are wondering why tax cuts for families are temporary and the  ones for corporations are permanent. Well, we know that businesses need  long-term assurances about the tax environment so that they will invest  and make plans. We wanted to make tax cuts for individuals permanent,  too, but that requires 60 votes in the Senate, and every single one of  our Democratic colleagues voted against the bill and they refused to  participate in the process. So with only 52 votes to work with, we were  unable to meet that 60-vote threshold. So on the one hand, they  criticize us for not making those tax cuts for individuals permanent,  but then they deny us the votes we need in order to make that happen.  It is not that we don't want to make these tax cuts permanent for the  middle class; it is that the Democrats are preventing us from doing so.   I agree with my friend and colleague, the junior Senator from  Florida, Mr. Rubio, who has said that when it comes to debating tax  reform, Republicans can't be the country club party. I certainly agree  that is not who we are, but that is also not who we should be helping  in this bill. We ought to be addressing low-income and middle-class  Americans first.   Yes, we do lower the corporate rate, but historically that has been  something Democrats have called for. I remember that in 2011, President  Obama, in a joint session of Congress, called for reducing the highest  corporate tax rate in the world, and he called upon Republicans and  Democrats to work together to make that happen. And we have had others,  like the ranking member on the Senate Finance Committee, the Senator  from Oregon, Mr. Wyden, who cosponsored a bill that would have reduced  the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 24 percent. We do a little  better than that in this bill. We take it down to 20 percent, which is  close to the industrialized world average on tax rates, but the Senator  from New York, the Democratic leader, has also called for lowering the  corporate tax rate and making us more competitive in the global  economy. Do you know what will happen when we do that? We will see  investment come back to the United States, along with the jobs that go  along with it. Who will benefit from that? Will the businesses that  create those jobs benefit? I suppose they will, but the people who will  really benefit will be the people who perform those jobs and who earn  those wages: hard-working American families.    A group of nearly 140 economists say that, on balance, they believe  the bill will enhance economic efficiency and result in most households  enjoying lower marginal rates. That is economics talk for tax cuts. But  what about fairness and simplification? Don't we all want a fairer tax  code and one that is easier to navigate? I believe, once again, our  bill delivers.   Those economists I mentioned say fairness would be served by  reduction differences, and the tax treatment of individuals with  similar incomes and simplification would be served by reducing the  number of individuals who itemize for Federal tax purposes. That is  exactly what we do by doubling the standard deduction.  [[Page S7954]]    Right now, about 3 out of 10 individual taxpayers itemize. Under our  doubling the standard deduction, only 1 out of 10 will find it  necessary to itemize.   The simple truth is, the Senate bill will lower tax bills on millions  of working-class Americans. It will lower taxes, not raise them, on the  working class. Again, by nearly doubling the standard deduction and  lowering rates across the board and doubling the child tax credit, the  Senate tax reform plan will lower taxes for every income group. The  Senate tax plan was written with working families in mind, and the  legislation reflects that goal.   As I said earlier, and I will say it again, a family of four earning  a median income of about $70,000 will see a $2,200 savings in their tax  bill each year. It may be easy for folks living in the rarified air in  Washington, DC, to shrug that off and say $2,200 is no big deal to me,  but to the people I represent, $2,200 in tax savings a year is a big  deal. It can mean the difference between being able to save for  retirement, help pay for a college education, or maybe take a vacation  for the first time in a long time. That is the money they have earned,  and we are simply saying you can keep more of it under this bill.   Finally, I want to mention the Federal deficit. Will the tax bill  increase it? Well, yesterday the Office of Tax Policy at the Treasury  Department released an analysis of expected tax revenue associated with  the administration's economic growth initiatives. Among the key  findings is, $1.8 trillion of additional revenue would be generated  over 10 years based on expected economic growth. The Congressional  Budget Office uses the baseline of 1.9-percent economic growth. That is  because, during the entire Obama Presidency, the U.S. Government and  economy experienced an unprecedented low rate of economic growth since  the Great Recession of 2008, but, historically, dating back to World  War II, we have seen the economy grow at 3.2 percent. So why should we  settle for 1.9 percent or 2 percent? We shouldn't.   Our friends on the other side have suddenly become deficit hawks  after seeing the national debt double during the Obama administration.  Let's not forget, they supported lowering these same corporate tax  rates year after year and embraced other parts of our plan which we  have incorporated. That is why their attacks, their histrionics, their  screams of Armageddon are laughable, and, frankly, they insult the  intelligence of Americans who are trying to figure this out. It is hard  to figure out what is actually happening when you have somebody crying  like Chicken Little that the sky is falling. It is hard for people to  sort all of this out.   Well, as we continue to work on a conference committee report to  reconcile the differences between the House and the Senate versions of  the bill, our focus will be on those hard-working American families I  mentioned earlier--people of modest income, people of average income.   Yes, we are going to make our businesses more competitive globally  because that will benefit the same families we are trying to benefit by  the individual tax cuts.   You can see why I perhaps was a little reluctant to come address some  of these histrionics and outlandish and unbelievable claims, but I have  also learned that if you don't respond--if you don't counter falsehood  with truth--some people are simply going to believe the falsehood, so I  thought it was important to do so. Let's remain clear-eyed, and let's  get this work done.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran) and the Senator from Arizona  (Mr. McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Cochran) and the Senator from Arizona  (Mr. McCain).   