 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the proposed budget  resolution, which will provide the spending cuts that Washington needs  and give a pathway to reconciliation for tax reform.   Our national debt sits at an astronomical $20 trillion and is  projected to reach close to $30 trillion within 10 years. Washington's  out-of-control spending hinders our economy, Mr. Chair, and by kicking  the can down the road, it puts the financial burden on the backs of our  children and of our grandchildren.   Not only is our debt unsustainable, but high levels of government  debt needs substantial resources, and taxpayers' dollars must go to  servicing our debt. Over the next decade, the cost to service our debt  will rise 219 percent, meaning we will spend close to $800 billion by  the year 2027 simply to pay the interest on our debt.   This budget reduces spending by $5.4 trillion over a 10-year window.  It does not expand the size of Federal Government. It does not encroach  on State or local authority.   This is a conservative path forward and will help us accomplish what  we came here to do: meaningful tax reform.   While I would like to see our government make even more wise choices  with taxpayers' dollars, this budget resolution puts us on the road to  achieving that goal. With this resolution as a vehicle for updating our  outdated Tax Code, Mr. Chair, I truly believe we can accomplish  something that has not been done in over 30 years.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this budget resolution.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to this proposed  amendment to the budget resolution.   I think it is very important, when discussing spending such as  suggested before us, to remember that we do not live in a fantasy  world. We live in a world where resources are limited. We have to make  difficult choices. These are the same choices every family makes with  their budget every day of the year.   Currently, our national debt rests at over $20 trillion. The entire  U.S. GDP in 2016 was only $18.57 trillion.   Should we continue to spend money that we don't have without  restraint?   This proposal never balances. It does raise taxes, though. With the  tax increases in this proposal totaling $3.9 trillion, one would expect  this budget to balance.   What this does do is add over $1 trillion in new spending. What is  another trillion when you are only $20 trillion in debt?   I challenge the supporters of this proposed budget to research the  potentially catastrophic impacts of defaulting on our national debt. We  are saddling future generations with an unsurmountable burden.   When our grandchildren and children look back on what we have done  here, do we want this work to be that we left our country broke?   I don't think so.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to not kick the can down the road  and to not pass this proposed amendment.   