 Mr. President, in about 5 minutes, I am going to be  asking for consent to pass the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello,  Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Belina Right to Try Act of 2017.   I wish to take a few moments, though, to tell the story of how that  right-to-try bill, which has been passed by 37 States, obtained that  name. I believe it was probably March of 2014 that I met Trickett  Wendler, a young mom with three children, who came to Washington, DC,  with a group of other individuals advocating for those patients and  their families with people suffering from ALS, or Lou Gehrig's  disease--an incurable and devastating disease.   A week before meeting Trickett, I met with the Goldwater Institute,  which was talking about its right-to-try legislation. They were  beginning to pass through State legislatures. Just mentioning the fact  that I supported the right to try brought tears streaming down Trickett  Wendler's face. Unfortunately, Trickett Wendler lost her battle to ALS  on March 18, 2015. She has inspired something that I think is going to  give so many thousands--maybe tens of thousands, maybe millions--of  Americans hope when they face a similar type of disease, where there is  no hope, where there are no further options, other than potentially an  experimental drug that has been proven safe, according to the FDA.   In our press conference announcing the introduction of this bill, we  had met Matthew Belina, a naval aviator and lieutenant commander--one  of the finest among us--also stricken with ALS. We had little Jordan  McLinn, a little boy with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, and his mother  Laura was speaking at that press conference. Remarkably, a man also  stricken with ALS, Frank Mongiello, his wife Marilyn, and their  children asked to speak. He made such an impression on our gathering,  which encapsulated that press conference, particularly his speech in a  video that I showed to my colleagues, which resulted in so many  cosponsorships of this bill.   These are real people facing their mortality with no hope. This  right-to-try piece of legislation will give those individuals and their  families hope.   I want to truly thank my lead cosponsor from across the aisle,  Senator Joe Donnelly, who is in the Chamber here today, and also  Senator King and Senator Manchin, who decided not to play any politics  whatsoever and also were willing to cosponsor a bill offered by  somebody who was in a tough reelection fight. I want to thank my 43  Republican cosponsors, particularly Senator McConnell. As leader, he  was one of the first cosponsors who helped me to get those other 42  cosponsors. I want to particularly thank Chairman Alexander and Ranking  Member Murray, who have worked so cooperatively with me and my staff to  make this moment possible. I would like to thank Vice President Pence,  who also met Frank Mongiello and became a real advocate for this, and  President Trump, who after meeting these types of victims--these  individuals--also supported this piece of legislation.   I wish to thank the Goldwater Institute and Darcy Olson for their  tireless efforts at promoting the right to try and the 37 States and  the 97.7 percent of the legislators who, when given a chance to vote to  give people the right to try and the right to hope, voted yes.   I would also like to thank a very special person, Dr. Delpassand, who  really demonstrated why this is such an important piece of legislation.  Dr. Delpassand is an oncologist from Houston, TX. He was engaged in an  FDA trial on an aggressive form of endocrine cancer with 150 patients.  It was working. The drug was working. He petitioned the FDA to allow  another 78 patients to participate in the trial. The FDA said no, but  Dr. Delpassand said yes, putting his career at risk.   It is that kind of courage that we want to reward today by passing  this right-to-try bill.   In conclusion, I want to thank the thousands of patients and their  families who have taken their wheelchairs and gone to their State  capitals and have come here to Washington, DC, to advocate for their  personal freedom, their personal liberty, for their right to try, for  their right to hope, and for the right to hope of millions of other  Americans faced with these incurable diseases.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from further consideration  of S. 204 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Johnson- Donnelly amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, and the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   