 Mr. President, I rise also to speak about the rule. I  want everyone to know that the State of West Virginia has been a heavy- lifting State. We are a construction State. We mined the coal that made  the steel that built the guns and factories that enabled our Nation to  defend us and gave us the great country we have.   We have done everything. There is no one in West Virginia, Oklahoma,  or any extraction State who wants dirty water or dirty air. Pitting  people against each other is just wrong. The way this comes down is  that this is a duplicative rule, this stream protection rule that was  put in place.   My colleagues know that last year the Department of Interior Office  of Surface Mining and Reclamation Enforcement basically decided to send  the final stream protection rule to the White House without fulfilling  their obligations or even a request by myself to contact and work with  the local authorities and to work with the States that are involved.  They did nothing. They would not reach out to us whatsoever. This was  one of many of President Obama's administration's regulations that  absolutely crippled West Virginia families and businesses with no plan  to replace or create new jobs or help these communities.   Not only is this rule very alarming in its scope and potential  impacts, the rulemaking was executed in a very flawed way. The rules by  the Department of Interior and Office of Surface Mining and Reclamation  must be based on comprehensive data that is available to stakeholders,  particularly when those rules threaten to eliminate thousands of jobs.  All we have asked was to come to the DEP, the West Virginia Department  of Environmental Protection, and tell us what is not working, tell us  what you want us to do differently, work with us and help us strengthen  where there is a flaw.   Not once did we ever get that type of courtesy. States critical to  the implementation of this rule were left out of the process in any  meaningful way. The Office of Surface Mining failed to work with States  throughout this process, despite the clear congressional intent.  Furthermore, agencies should not be assuming duplicative rules that  overlap regulations under other environmental laws such as the Clean  Water Act.   This rule is excessive and duplicative. It has over 400 changes to  the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act--which is what we refer  to as SMCRA--that duplicate existing practices and protections that the  EPA and the Army Corps already oversaw.  [[Page S623]]    So, basically, we already have two agencies that have to do with any  type of permitting that goes through the EPA, in conjunction and in  alliance with the Army Corps. This overstepped and took all the powers  away from them completely. Why would we want to duplicate? If we have  an agency that is not doing its job, either change the personnel or get  rid of the agency; don't just create another duplicative role and  another agency to oversee it.   During my time in the Senate, I have been committed to policies that  protect our coal-mining communities and economies, and that is why I  introduced this resolution of disapproval to undo this harmful,  duplicative regulation.   I am a firm believer in the balance between the economy and the  environment. I believe that everything we do in life should have a  balance, and we should try to find that balance. But when you are  trying to basically use overreach, duplicative rules--a nuisance--which  do nothing but create havoc and make it almost impossible to go  forward, you can't hire enough lawyers and enough accountants to get  through the paperwork the government can put on you.   But never once, from any of us--from West Virginia or any other State  that does the heavy lifting--none of us think that we should discard  the Clean Water Act or the Clean Air Act. Those are things that we will  cherish and we will protect, and those came about by Republicans and  Democrats working together--Republican administrations. We are all for  that; we are just not for beating us over the head with a hammer when  we can work to fix things if we think there is an error.   The consequences of this regulation will have far-reaching impacts on  the future of coal mining and therefore all other things we can count  on. I think, as the Senator from Oklahoma just said, in West Virginia,  we have what we call ``all of the above'' energy. We want all of the  above to be used, and use it in the cleanest fashion, and design and  develop new technologies that we can use and depend on. We depend on  coal, we depend on natural gas, and we depend on nuclear power for the  majority of our energy.   The other thing I have said is that I believe we should be developing  renewables also, and we are doing that. Wind, solar, biomass--we do  everything. But if you believe that is going to run the country in the  energy you use every day and take for granted, then tell me what 4  hours of the day you want your electricity to run. What 4 hours of the  day do you want your refrigerator to stay cold? What 4 hours of the day  do you want to heat your home? Tell me what 4 hours of the day you take  for granted that anything and everything you want works 24 hours a day,  because you will not have baseload. Those are the facts. If you don't  like it, then let's continue to work to make it better, but don't just  put your head in the sand and say: I am going to have whatever I have.  This will work fine. And I have no fossil. I don't need fossil.   I am sorry, the world doesn't work that way. This country doesn't  work that way. The grid system--your light switch--doesn't work that  way.   So today once again I am standing on behalf of West Virginians and  commonsense people all over this country, and we have a lot of them in  West Virginia. I ask my colleagues to hear their voices and vote in  support of this resolution that gets rid of these overreaching,  duplicative rules that do nothing but create havoc on the economy and  the well-being of the citizens of our great country.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   