 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Garamendi so much for organizing  this discussion of a really important topic.   In San Diego, we are a center of genomics, a center of life sciences,  and a center of collaborative scientific research that makes  groundbreaking discoveries and improves people's lives. In 2015, our  research institutions received $768 million in NIH research funding,  the most of any metro area in the United States. We are home to places  like the Salk Institute for Biological Studies, Sanford Burnham Prebys  Medical Discovery Institute, the J. Craig Venter Institute, and the  Scripps Research Institute, where world-class scientists are making  discoveries that save and improve millions of lives.   At the University of California San Diego, UCSD, the Shiley-Marcos  Alzheimer's Disease Research Center is part of a collaborative national  effort to better diagnose, prevent, treat, and ultimately to cure  Alzheimer's. More than 5 million Americans are living with that  disease. Alzheimer's kills more Americans every year than breast cancer  and prostate cancer combined. It puts a tremendous burden on the family  and the loved ones of those battling the disease because for every  Alzheimer's patient, there are three people providing unpaid care.   Thanks to organizations like Alzheimer's San Diego, there are  services to support families that are providing care for their loved  ones. We are grateful for that, but we need to do more.   Alzheimer's also puts a tremendous burden on our healthcare system,  as some of the speakers have mentioned. This year, Alzheimer's and  other dementias will cost the Nation $259 billion. As our population  ages, those numbers will only go up. It costs on average $1,150 more  per month for a senior with Alzheimer's to reside in assisted living.  That puts a financial strain on Medicaid, Medicare, and millions of  families.   The research being done at UCSD and around the country is fueled by  the National Institutes of Health and the National Institute on Aging.  The investments we make in basic scientific research to better  understand the disease are our best chance at developing new therapies  and ultimately a cure.   One of the most bipartisan victories we have had in Congress since I  have been here--this is my third term--was to increase NIH funding and  to make a $6.3 billion investment in scientific research, which we did  last year. Members of both parties came together with the understanding  that NIH funding creates high-paying jobs, grows our economy, and  unlocks discovery that changes lives. In his joint address to Congress  this year, right here in this room, President Trump said he wanted to  find cures to ``free the Earth from the miseries of disease.''   Unfortunately, then he turned around and sent a budget to Congress  that slashed funding for NIH, clawing back the progress that we made  last year. Our efforts to find cures to diseases like Alzheimer's would  be completely undermined by the President's budget. We just can't allow  that to happen.   I really, again, appreciate Mr. Garamendi for hosting this  conversation. I want to let him know that I would be happy to sign on  to Ms. Waters and Mr. Smith's letter, which he is also a leader of. I  look forward to working with Mr. Garamendi and all of our other  colleagues to defend the investment we have made in scientific research  last year and to push for even more so that we can begin to win the  battle against Alzheimer's and other diseases. That is what it is  about, it is about winning. That is what I have been hearing. We want  to win this battle.   I am very conscious that the United States has written the playbook  for how to lead the world in science, and it is by funding basic  scientific research, by letting the best scientists in the world  compete for those grants that  [[Page H2508]]  are peer-reviewed--not decided by politicians, but by scientists. That  system has worked marvelously well. Let's not kill it. Let's feed it.    Will the gentleman yield?    I want to leave time for Mr. Raskin, but we talk about  this peer-review concept. Maybe people don't understand what that is.  What happens is these top scientists from around the world file these  grants. They are reviewed not by government employees, not by  bureaucrats, not by politicians, but by real scientists, the best in  their field, to determine which would win. In the good times, about 25  percent of those grants will be funded by NIH when there is robust  funding. Seventy-five percent of them are turned down. That is how  selective it is.   Unfortunately, now we are looking at 7 to 10 percent funding. That  means we are not discovering a lot. We are also turning a lot of our  young people off of science. We can't let that happen.   Again, we could talk about this all day, but I want to turn to my  colleagues. Again, I thank Mr. Garamendi for setting up this  discussion.   