 Madam President, Heather Wilson was one of the first  women to graduate from the U.S. Air Force Academy and the third  generation of her family to serve in the Air Force. She was one of the  pioneers of gender integration of the modern Air Force. Even so, her  track record in public service and the private sector after her Air  Force career raises concerns.   While serving as the Representative from New Mexico's First District,  Ms. Wilson admitted to telephoning the U.S. Attorney in Albuquerque to  pressure him on an ongoing corruption investigation of State Democrats,  in violation of House ethics rules.   Ms. Wilson was paid $450,000 between 2009 and 2013 through a Lockheed  Martin subsidiary for consulting work for Sandia National Laboratory.  The Government Accountability Office criticized the lab for not having  adequate documentation of the work that she performed, and Lockheed  Martin ultimately paid $4.7 million to settle charges that it had paid  a lobbyist with taxpayer funds. Ethics laws prohibited Ms. Wilson from  lobbying within a year of serving in Congress. Ms. Wilson failed to  list her business relationship with Sandia Labs in her financial  disclosure filings. In spite of this, she claims that she did nothing  wrong.   During her unsuccessful run for the Senate, Ms. Wilson claimed that  legislation intended to reduce bullying of LGBTQ children was a  violation of religious freedom. She argued that the correct response  was not to punish bullies, but to ``strengthen our children to be more  comfortable with themselves.'' She has steadfastly refused to support  Federal nondiscrimination protections for the LGBTQ community.   The core values of the Air Force are, integrity first, service before  self, and excellence in all we do. In spite of her career as an Air  Force officer, Ms. Wilson has not demonstrated the unflinching  commitment to integrity that we  [[Page S2794]]  demand of our men and women in uniform. She has compromised ethics  rules in Congress, accepted pay for questionable work that was ill- defined and can't be fully documented, and failed to show that she is  willing to stand up for all serving in uniform, regardless of their  sexual orientation.   For these reasons, I cannot support Ms. Wilson's nomination to be  24th Secretary of the Air Force.   