 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support this bipartisan  legislation and to thank my friend, Mr. Luetkemeyer, for working across  the aisle with me on this commonsense measure.   This bill is a smart, thoughtful effort to perfect and improve our  financial safeguards, cut burdensome regulation, and spur economic  growth. Developed with Democrats and Republicans on the committee, it  addresses our systematic risk in the financial sector.   With these changes, we can free up resources at smaller banks to get  loans into the hands of New Jersey small businesses, families, and  consumers, ultimately growing our American economy. It does so by  making practical changes to protect New Jersey.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bipartisan legislation to help  constituents in New Jersey's Fifth District.   Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I think that we have to reemphasize that Chairman Frank  is not supporting this bill. I thought that the initial comment would  be sufficient, but, again, I will read what Chairman Frank has  delivered to us. He indicates that H.R. 3312 significantly increases  the need for subjective judgments by the regulators and very much  weakens the ability of financial institutions to rely on clear rules to  guide their decisionmaking. Chairman Frank does not support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is not before the House because banks are  losing money. Banks are making record profits: $171 billion last year.  The big banks, a 4.8 percent growth rate; and community banks, an 8.3  percent growth rate.   This bill is before the House because the big banks want to again get  back to business as usual, which will allow them to do many of the  things that brought this economy to its knees.   Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining?   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. Al Green) has  1\1/2\ minutes remaining.   Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have 30 banks with assets in  excess of $5 trillion. These banks have been designated as SIFIs for a  reason. They ought to have to let the regulators know how they can be  wound down in the event there is a crisis in the economy. They ought to  undergo stress tests.   If a consumer wants a loan, the consumer has to demonstrate  creditworthiness. If banks of this size are going to remain in  business, they ought to let us know what their liquidity is and be  required to have a certain amount of liquidity that will cause them to  stay in business, even when we are faced with a crisis. They ought to  be tested for their creditworthiness. That is what we currently have.   If the $50 billion threshold is released, then they will be placed  under the designation of SIFI only by regulators; and MetLife is proof  positive that it is difficult, if not impossible, to do.   AIG went under simply because it was already known to be a  systemically important institution.   Mr. Speaker, we must defeat this bill. I call on my colleagues to  vote against it. It is a big-bank-bonus bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   