 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on behalf  of Mr. Compton and to conclude my remarks before the vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on behalf  of Mr. Compton and to conclude my remarks before the vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise in support of Paul Compton to serve  as HUD's next general counsel.  [[Page S8064]]    Mr. Compton has dedicated his entire legal career to affordable  housing and community development and for many years has headed the  affordable housing practice of a prominent Alabama law firm. Over his  distinguished career, Mr. Compton has played a direct role in over 70  transactions that have led to the creation of more than 5,000 units of  affordable housing throughout the Southeastern United States. Among  peers, he has come to be recognized as an industry-leading expert on  the low-income housing tax credit, the new markets tax credit, public- private partnerships, and the regulatory environment surrounding  housing production.   Mr. Compton's extensive track record, his experience, and his  intimate familiarity with HUD programs make him an ideal fit to join  the leadership team at HUD. As general counsel, Mr. Compton will not  only serve as the principal legal adviser to Secretary Carson, but he  will have a hand in nearly every departmental initiative. Once  confirmed, I look forward to working with Mr. Compton to find solutions  to our Nation's housing challenges, to eliminate barriers to safe and  affordable housing, and to reform our housing finance system.   This confirmation vote is long overdue and is sorely needed.  Following the storms that ravaged through Houston, Florida, Puerto  Rico, the Virgin Islands, and elsewhere, HUD has been deployed on the  frontlines, alongside FEMA and other agencies, and has worked to  provide emergency and transitional housing to the thousands of families  who have been displaced. This work is far from over, and I urge this  body to confirm Mr. Compton today, as well as to confirm the various  other HUD nominees who are awaiting votes so that they can get to work  for the American people.   Thank you.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Compton  nomination?   