 Mr. President, while the Senator from Massachusetts is  still with us on the floor and in other ways as well, I just want to  say a couple of things.   One, good for the Senator. He just said a mouthful, and he said what  needs to be said. What he said is that there is not just one or two  choices. Somebody said to me yesterday: Well, it is a choice between  either a single-payer or Graham-Cassidy. Those are our choices.   Uh-uh. No. No. I think a far better choice for us to take is in the  example of leadership set by Senators Alexander and Murray on the  Committee of Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. As the Presiding  Officer knows, in a span of 2 weeks, they held four bipartisan  roundtables with Governors from all over the country, insurance  commissioners from all over the country, healthcare providers,  insurance, and health economists to ask: What should we do? What should  we do right now in our being faced with the challenge and maybe the  possibility of repealing the Affordable Care Act? What should we do?   They all said the same thing--stabilize the exchanges. Every State  has a health insurance exchange, an individual marketplace. Stabilize  them. They all basically said to do mainly three or four things to  stabilize them:   No. 1, make clear that these cost-sharing subsidies, which help lower  income people in the exchanges with their copays and deductibles, are  not going away. Make it clear that they are going to be around for at  least a couple of years.   No. 2, either give the States the ability to create their own  reinsurance plans or create one for the Federal Government, by the  Federal Government, involving the Federal Government.   The third thing they said is, if we are not going to enforce the  individual mandate--I, personally, think we should--then make sure  there is something that is just as effective as the individual mandate  in order to make sure that young people--millennials like my sons--are  getting their healthcare. They are in the exchanges, and they are  helping to make sure there is a healthy mix of people to insure.   Those were almost word by word, panel by panel, what we heard in four  different hearings by the HELP Committee during four different  bipartisan roundtables that preceded those hearings. They all said to  fix the exchanges.   I have an old friend who is now deceased. He was a Methodist minister  for many years in southern Delaware. He used to give me this advice  when I was Governor: Just remember this, Tom--the main thing is to keep  the main thing the main thing.   That is what he said. The first time he said it, I didn't know what  he was saying. It took me a while, but I finally figured it out. The  main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.   Right now, the thing that we can do and ought to be able to agree on  is to stabilize the exchanges. Premiums do not have to go up in the  exchanges by 30, 40 percent. If we would simply do one thing and make  it clear that these cost-sharing subsidies are not going away and give  that green light to the insurance companies, insurance commissioners  across the country will reduce significantly the increases in the  premiums.   I have been told by more than a few health insurance companies that  if we would do that and make sure there is some kind of reinsurance  program in place, in effect, and also make it clear that the individual  mandate must continue to be enforced--and if it is not, then replace it  with something that is just as good--if we would do those three things,  we would see premiums go down anywhere from 30 to 35 percent in the  exchanges across the country. Who mostly benefits from that? Who  benefits from a 30- or 35-percent reduction in premiums in the  exchanges? The folks who are getting their insurance in the exchanges  benefit, but do you know who else probably benefits even more? Uncle  Sam. The reason is that most of the people who get their coverage in  the exchanges benefit from a sliding scale tax credit that buys down  the cost of the premiums. If the premiums go down by 30 or 35 percent,  that means that Uncle Sam, out of the U.S. Treasury, pays less money in  the form of those tax credits. That is not a bad deal.    Our Republican friends like to talk about dynamic scoring. I am not  sure I believe dynamic scoring is real, but I believe if we actually do  help drive down the cost of premium increases, Uncle Sam is a big  beneficiary of that.   The last two things I want to say are, No. 1, I thank Senator  Alexander and Senator Murray for the great bipartisan leadership they  have shown. I had a chance to go to four bipartisan roundtables a  couple of weeks ago. They welcomed people not on the HELP Committee. I  am on the Finance Committee, as is the Presiding Officer. We have  shared jurisdiction with the HELP Committee. But we have the  opportunity in our committee to sort of follow the lead, if you will,  of what they are doing on the HELP Committee and do bipartisan hearings  and bipartisan roundtables of our own.   Why don't we sort of pick up where we were about a week and a half  ago when the prospect of debating and voting on Graham-Cassidy came out  of nowhere and led to yesterday's 5-hour hearing in the Finance  Committee? Why don't we pick up where we left a week and a half ago and  get to work again?   This is not something we ought to take weeks or months to do. Let's  just do the main things; that is, stabilize the exchanges, and if we do  nothing else in the next week or so, let's make it clear that these  cost-sharing subsidies are not going to go away. We help people on the  exchanges, the premium increases go down, and we actually help the  Treasury. That is not a bad deal.   The last thing I want to say is for those people who say that  Democrats believe the Affordable Care Act is perfect and nothing needs  to be changed. That is just nonsense. The Presiding Officer and I can  sit down and tick off a number of things that ought to be addressed and  fixed. He and I probably, as smart as we are, are not smart enough to  figure out all of them. We need to have a good hearing and good  conversation amongst ourselves and with a broad section of shareholders  and stakeholders across the country. As a recovering Governor and  former chair of the National Governors Association, I want to hear the  voices of the Governors. I want to hear the voices of the insurance  commissioners and a whole lot of other people who are affected by this.   Every President, I think, since Harry Truman has called for providing  healthcare coverage for just about everyone in our country--every  President. Along the way we made some advances with Medicaid and  Medicare with Lyndon Johnson. We made some  [[Page S6114]]  advances in the Clinton administration with Orrin Hatch and Ted  Kennedy's legislation creating the CHIP Program, the Children's Health  Insurance Program. We are still a long way from where we ought to be  for health insurance in this country.   Here is the trifecta of where we would like to go and where  Presidents and leaders have said forever that we ought to go. No. 1,  provide quality healthcare for people in this country; No. 2, do it in  a cost-effective way; and No. 3, cover everybody. We are doing a lot  better job of covering everyone. We have 20-some million people who  don't have coverage. That is down from 50 million people years ago.   We still have people without coverage. We spend a lot more money in  percentage of GDP in this country than most other advanced nations. We  have to continue to get better results for less money and have a real  focus on value.   There is a lot of encouraging work going on in my State. I know in  Ohio there are places like the Cleveland Clinic. There are places like  Christiana Care in my State. There is a lot of encouraging work going  on, and we ought to build on it and find out what works and do that.   Lastly, I want to give a shout out to Senator Gary Peters and  Senators Duckworth, Stabenow, myself, and a couple of others who have  been focused on a veterans' health motion to commit. I want to say a  few words about healthcare as it pertains to veterans. This has been  lost sometimes in the shuffle.   The Medicaid Program in our country covers about 25 percent of the  people who get healthcare in this country. Medicare is about 15  percent. The majority of people who get healthcare coverage in this  country get it through their large group plan. We have 6 percent or 7  percent who get coverage through the exchanges.   As a navy veteran, an ROTC guy, retired Navy Captain, we know that  not every veteran actually gets their healthcare coverage from the VA.  A number of them aren't eligible for that. As it turns out, among the  people who receive coverage under Medicaid today, a lot of them are  old, a lot of them are like our parents, grandparents, aunts, and  uncles. The reason they are eligible for Medicaid is they have spent  down their resources and assets, and they are old. A bunch of them have  dementia. Maybe the family is unable or unwilling to take care of them,  and they end up in a nursing home, and Medicare picks up the tab.   I described it yesterday in our Finance Committee hearing. It is like  a tsunami. My generation, the baby boomers, are moving into their  retirement and moving into their seventies, eighties, and nineties, in  some cases. A lot of them are old, and they have dementia. A couple  million of them are veterans who get their healthcare coverage through  Medicaid.   In Ohio and other places, and certainly in Delaware, we have huge  problems with opioids and heroin. The biggest form of treatment, as the  Presiding Officer knows, for people with drug addiction in this country  is Medicaid. Those are some reasons we think it is important not to  touch one hair on the head of Medicaid, if you will, but to try to  figure out how to make changes in a smart and humane way.   Let me say a word or two about veterans' healthcare. My understanding  is that the last version of the Republican healthcare proposal was  pulled today, not to be voted on. It totally cut several hundreds of  billions of dollars from Medicaid. I believe most everyone says that is  true. Not every veteran has access to the VA for healthcare. Nearly 2  million veterans, as I mentioned earlier--that is 1 in 10 veterans in  this country--rely on Medicaid for their healthcare, and that includes  some 6,000 veterans who are living in my own State of Delaware.   The Affordable Care Act provided healthcare coverage to some 340,000  veterans in the States that expanded Medicaid. For our veterans who  rely on Medicaid, the most recent TrumpCare proposal would  significantly scale back benefits or cause them to lose their benefits  altogether. Veterans who rely on those benefits would see higher  healthcare costs and lower quality care if they could access it at all.  All the while, we know veterans are at high risk for serious and  complex issues because of their service.   I want to close by saying in a heartfelt way that we all know  veterans. We have an obligation to those who have served us to make  sure we take care of them later in their lives. We do that in a variety  of ways.   The VA system is much maligned in my State. It is not perfect, but I  think they do a darn good job. We have one big hospital in Northern  Delaware and two community-based outpatient clinics--one in Dover and  Centerville and another one in the southern part of our State. They do  a very good job.   We are about to open a brandnew, 10,000-square foot community  outpatient clinic in Georgetown, DE, the county seat of our  southernmost county. Having said that, not every veteran in Delaware  can access those facilities. For them, Medicaid is useful, and in some  cases it is critical to having any care at all. We should keep that in  mind. The challenges of the focus that were created by the possible  vote here on this floor are now averted on the Graham-Cassidy proposal.  As we go forward in a bipartisan way, let's work together to fix the  things in the Affordable Care Act that need to be fixed and preserve  those that need to be preserved, and for the aspects that need to be  dealt with or dropped, let's figure out how to do that in a smart and  humane way. We need to also keep in mind that a couple million people  who use Medicaid are veterans themselves.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   