 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin  Islands (Ms. Plaskett) for leading this Special Order hour on the topic  of Black History Month.   We have been doing this together and doing a really great job. I  appreciate everything that the gentlewoman brings and the remarks she  has made during this Black History Month time because it really is a  time for us to reflect about the gains that have been made, about the  progress that has been made. It is also a time to see where we can make  some improvements, where we can make our Nation a more perfect Union,  as we really look at things and not pretend that certain things don't  exist, to really use history, use present day and see where we can come  together, form some public policy to really get the country moving  forward and be inclusive for all people. I think that is so important.   For a long time now, one of the areas--it has been talked a lot about  when it comes to civil rights--is grassroots and how those grassroots  movements within the African-American community, particularly from a  Black history perspective, really changed things here in our country.   For a long time, African Americans have long fought for the right for  a fair chance of livable wages, improvement of on-the-job conditions,  and the ability to provide basic necessities for our families, whether  it was wages, fairness in working conditions. That was always one of  the rights that we fought very hard for. Access to these basic rights  that I just mentioned and privileges would not have been possible  without groups of dedicated organizers working together to fight on  behalf of larger progress.   The right to organize is not a new theory for change. Since  reconstruction, organizing has helped level the playing field for all  and continues to drive much of our Nation's progress.   The weekends that we enjoy, a lot of people--particularly when I was  growing up in the Black community in Fort Worth, people looked forward  to that end of the week. People looked forward to that getting-off  time, that 40 hours a week. Those things were fought for. Those were  gains that were made by sacrifice, by grassroots organizing. Much of  that was done in the African-American community.   We know that even around the issue of progress and labor issues that  much of it was tainted by race. Organized labor has been such a big  part of the advancement of the African-American community. Early on,  there were some issues with some trade organizations that were  established by White workers, and African Americans had a hard time  gaining their footing in those areas.   As a result of that, Black workers continued to push and organize. I  think about one of Dr. King's quotes. It is one of my favorite quotes  that he gave that is not mentioned that often. He was speaking to a  group of laundry workers in 1962.   Dr. King said this to the laundry workers. He said: ``As I have said  many times, and believe with all my heart, the coalition that can have  the greatest impact in the circle for human dignity here in America is  that of the Negro and the forces of labor, because their fortunes are  so closely intertwined.''   More importantly, when Dr. King gave that speech, he wanted people to  know that, not only are professional jobs, white-collar jobs,  important, but he wanted the people that worked in that laundry room to  know that their job was important, too. He pushed for people, no matter  whether they were garbage workers, sanitation workers, laundry workers,  whatever they happened to be in life, to make sure that they had  certain basic rights and privileges that other groups in this country  enjoyed because he knew that that was going to be the vehicle that was  going to provide economic mobility, upward mobility for the African- American community.   The very principle of economic opportunity for African Americans laid  the groundwork for the civil rights movement that Dr. King was such a  big part of. And we know that that played a big part in Dr. King and  what happened during his death in 1968.    Mr. Speaker, so many people that I have memories of, some  are still here and some are gone, but they really laid the foundation  for a Black middle class.   Maybe Granddaddy worked at the school and Grandmother worked at  someone's house or maybe they were fortunate enough to have two good  labor jobs where they made union wages, but it laid that groundwork for  the foundation that we have today.   Dr. King was obviously a big part of that. Sadly, on April 4, 1968,  he paid his life supporting the sanitation workers in Memphis, trying  to push for them to have better wages.   When Dr. King died, it wasn't about trying to open up a restaurant to  make sure that all people had access to that restaurant or some other  place, to make sure that people could ride on the bus; it was to make  sure that people had equal opportunity in this country, again, equal  opportunity for upward mobility, equal opportunity to be able to take  care of their families. I just really appreciate everything that he  did.   We need to continue to mobilize and organize grassroots efforts  around the income inequality in this country. The income inequality  that we have in this country is very, very real.   You see productivity rising in our country. You see companies  recording record productivity, but wages are stagnant. There used to be  a time in this country that wages would go up when productivity of  companies went up, and we are not seeing that anymore. I think that is  really, really sad. We need to organize around that because all people  need the opportunity  [[Page H1347]]  to be able to advance as the country advances and as industry advances.  I think that that is a big part of that.    Again, I thank all our colleagues that have come here tonight to  organize, to carry the torch. We need to continue to find different  ways that we can use grassroots movements in this country, not just  looking back and reflecting on previous grassroots and events, but how  we can learn from that history and how we can mobilize people today to  better America, to better wages for all communities, for the African- American community, of course, as we celebrate and come toward the end  of Black History Month, but Latino communities, White communities,  people in the Rust Belt, and African-American communities in places  like Gary, Indiana, that really saw their fortunes hurt more than many  other parts of the country. We need to get together and work on that.   So I want to thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms.  Plaskett). I know we have some other colleagues who are going to speak  here tonight, and I thank them for being a part of this day.   