 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr.  Rush) for yielding time to me today to speak on this important bill.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in strong support of S. 920, the  National Clinical Care Commission Act. S. 920, as was mentioned  already, creates a commission comprised of clinical endocrinologists,  other physician specialists, primary care physicians, healthcare  professionals, patients, and representatives from the Federal agencies  most involved in diabetes care.   The commission is charged with making recommendations to streamline  Federal investments in diabetes, to improve the coordination and  clinical care outcomes for people with diabetes, prediabetes, and other  insulin-related metabolic and autoimmune diseases.   Passage of this legislation will help the Nation undertake more and  innovative approaches to diabetes and its disease complications, for  which the United States spends some $322 billion annually.   I urge the Secretary also to move expeditiously to set up the  commission so it can begin its important work as soon as possible.  Clinical training and expertise in diabetes and other insulin-related  diseases will be needed to lead the commission, and it is my hope that  a clinical endocrinologist will be chosen to serve as the chairperson  of the commission. I think that is very important.   With a clinical endocrinologist as chair and representatives from  other medical specialities, healthcare professions, and patient  advocacy groups, serving alongside with Federal diabetes experts, the  commission created under S. 920 will help to ensure that new innovative  medications and devices are  [[Page H7948]]  effectively translated to the clinical setting for the benefit of  patients. That clinical translation is so important.   The work of the commission will help improve the lives of the tens of  millions of Americans living with diabetes while simultaneously  beginning the process of reducing the staggering impact of diabetes and  its disease complications and the dollars that, as has already been  mentioned, are associated with that.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank in particular Representative Olson for  his persistence, as was already mentioned, and for sponsoring this bill  in the House. I was very happy to lead the way as the Democrat on this  side of the aisle on this bill, and for my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle who supported this bill that enabled House passage of the  legislation earlier, as was mentioned, and now we are finally going to  get it over the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Olson  in particular for his efforts on this.   