 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I thank  Chairman Ed Royce, Ranking Member Engel as well, and the entire staff  on the Committee on Foreign Affairs for working to get this important  legislation to the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, when many Americans look back in our Nation's history,  they remember the iconic nature of the 1962 World's Fair in Seattle or  the 1939 and 1964 World's Fairs in New York. Those events highlighted  the best the United States had to offer in science, technology, and  innovation, all while bringing visitors and revenue to this great  country.   While the United States remains a global leader in these fields, our  country has been noticeably absent over the past three decades when it  comes to hosting a World's Fair. In fact, New Orleans was the last city  in the United States to host a World's Fair in 1984. But it is time for  that to change and to bring this incredible event back to our great  country.   Thankfully, in recent years there has been an upsurge of local  interest in hosting a World's Fair. Exploratory committees in Houston,  Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Minneapolis, Philadelphia, and San Francisco  are actively considering bidding to host a future World's Fair.  Currently, my home State of Minnesota is competing against Argentina  and Poland to do just that, with the goal of hosting the 2023 World  Expo. However, under the current rules, the Bureau of International  Expositions will not give bids submitted by a nonmember country the  same consideration as those from a country who is a member of the  organization.   For those of you who may not know, the Bureau of International  Expositions is the intergovernmental organization in charge of  overseeing and regulating World Expos. Despite being one of the  founding members in 1928, the United States has not been a member since  2001. The U.S. must renew its membership so Minneapolis and every city  across the country can have an opportunity to host a World's Fair.   That is why I have introduced and I am happy to see H.R. 534 under  consideration before the House today. The U.S. Wants to Compete for a  World Expo Act provides the Secretary of State with the authority to  rejoin the Bureau of International Expositions so that U.S. cities can  compete against foreign cities to host a World Expo. The 6-month World  Expo, held every 5 years, can draw millions of visitors and generate  billions of dollars in tourism, construction, and other job-creating  economic activity, all while promoting exports of U.S. products around  the world.   In Minnesota's case, a 2016 economic analysis conducted by Rockport  Analytics found that hosting the 2023 World Expo will attract 12  million visitors, create almost 22,000 jobs, yield $185.3 million in  State and local tax revenue, and generate $1.5 billion in total  economic benefits. This legislation also has safeguards for protecting  taxpayers and ensuring proper use of funds. Recognizing the difficult  fiscal climate our country currently faces, H.R. 534 authorizes the use  of private funds to pay outstanding as well as future membership dues.  It also maintains taxpayer safeguards which prohibit tax dollars from  being used to fund a United States pavilion or exhibit at an  international exposition or World's Fair.   By approving this legislation today, we will give American cities the  ability to compete with other cities around the world to host future  Expos and World's Fairs where we can showcase American innovation and  success while continuing to be wise stewards of the taxpayers' hard- earned dollars.   Again, I thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel in helping  bring this legislation to the floor today. I urge my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to support this legislation, and I look forward to  bringing the next World's Fair back to the United States.   