 Madam President, I would like to thank my colleague for  his good comments regarding Neil Gorsuch.   I rise today to strongly support Neil Gorsuch for the U.S. Supreme  Court.   First, there is no question that Judge Gorsuch is qualified for this  job. He served as a law clerk for two Supreme Court Justices, Justice  Byron White and Justice Anthony Kennedy. He has also had a  distinguished career in the public sector and in the private sector.  Finally, of course, he worked in the Office of the Attorney General. He  worked in the Justice Department, and he had a great reputation there  as well.   Of course, in 2006, not that long ago, he came to the floor of the  Senate to be confirmed to the Tenth Circuit. And guess what. He was  unanimously confirmed by this body. In fact, at the time, Senator  Hillary Clinton voted to confirm him. Senator Joe Biden voted to  confirm him. Senator Barack Obama voted to confirm him, and, by the  way, so did a number of Democrats who are currently serving in the  Senate. Not a single Senator objected. Why? Because the guy is so well  qualified.   Since then, in his 10 years on the Tenth Circuit Court, his record  has shown that he is fair, he is independent, and he is a consensus  builder, which only ratified what the Senate had done. It showed that,  in fact, he was the kind of person who represents us well in court.   By the way, he is also a guy who knows how to find common ground.  Listen to these numbers: 97 percent of the cases he has decided were  unanimous decisions with the other two judges on the panel. Typically,  as you know, these are judges who have been appointed by Presidents who  are Republican and Democrat. Finally, he has been in dissent less than  2 percent of the time. So this is a guy who 97 percent of the time is  unanimous, and 2 percent of the time he is in dissent. Out of the more  than 180 opinions he has written as a judge--180 opinions--only one had  ever been appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court from the circuit court,  and, by the way, that one was affirmed.   So this is a guy who clearly knows how to build a consensus, bring  people together, and that is needed right now. It is needed in this  body. It is needed in our country as a whole, and it is certainly  needed in the judiciary.   By the way, it doesn't surprise me that he is a consensus builder. If  you think about it, he was a law clerk for Justice Byron White and  Justice Anthony Kennedy. They are both known famously as being  consensus builders and being able to bring together disparate decisions  to try to find a decision at the Supreme Court level. So he has seen it  up close and personal. He knows how to do it.   I would say, though, in terms of this debate we are having, it is not  just about Neil Gorsuch and it is not just about another seat, as  important as it is, on the U.S. Supreme Court. It is also an  opportunity, by voting for Neil Gorsuch, to ensure that we have  reestablished the proper role of this body, of the legislative branch  and of the judicial branch in our system of government.   Judge Gorsuch understands that his job as a judge is not to impose  his views on people but rather to apply the law, as written--to apply  the law as written. That is kind of a basic part of our Constitution.   He put it well in his testimony before the Senate Judiciary  Committee. He said: ``A judge who likes every outcome he reaches is  very likely a bad judge.'' What does he mean by that? I think what he  meant is that he doesn't believe in substituting his personal views for  what he is supposed to do as a judge.   So you may not like the decision, but you are constrained by the  Constitution, by the law, and that is what judges should do.   He went on to say that the job of a judge is ``not about politics. .  . . If judges were just secret legislators, declaring not what the law  is but what they would like it to be, the very idea of a government by  the people and for the people would be at risk.''   I think he is right about that. It is not about what he wants. It is  what the Constitution and the law say. Judges should not legislate from  the bench. That is not their job.   Judge Gorsuch and I met recently, and he has met, I think, with about  80 of my 100 colleagues in the Senate, and he has talked to them about  his views privately. I was very impressed with him. I was impressed  with him as a person, his background, and his family. I was impressed  with his approach.   I was talking about what he said that he is not going to substitute  his own personal views. He basically said to me what he said in public.  He is going to uphold the law, as written, even if his personal beliefs  had led him to vote against the law if he had been in my position, as a  legislator. I think that is what you want in a court.   But don't take my word for it. Judge Gorsuch also has earned the  respect of lawyers and judges across the spectrum. Professor Laurence  Tribe of Harvard Law School, who was an adviser to former President  Obama and to previous Democratic Presidents, has said that Judge  Gorsuch is ``a brilliant, terrific guy who would do the Court's work  with distinction.'' That is Laurence Tribe.   Neal Katyal, who was President Obama's Acting Solicitor General--so a  guy who knows a thing or two about arguing before the Supreme Court,  because that is what the Solicitor General does with a lot of his  time--has said that Judge Gorsuch's record ``should give the American  people confidence that he will not compromise principle to favor the  president who appointed him. . . . He's a fair and decent man.'' Again,  this is the Acting Solicitor General for President Obama.   Yes, this debate is about something bigger than that, even. It is  about Neil Gorsuch. It is about his character, his experience, and his  judgments, but it is also about something I think even more  important than this division of powers in our Constitution. It is about  the rule of law itself. What does it mean?    Why does that matter? It matters because laws are an expression of  the will of the people. The Constitution itself starts out with this  idea, of course: ``We the people . . . establish this Constitution''-- not ``we the Congress'' or ``we the government.'' It is we the people  who govern ourselves. The government is the servant of the people under  our Constitution, not the other way around.   When judges try to change the law rather than apply the law, they  make themselves into an unelected legislative body. That is not just  arrogant, by the way. I think that is unfair. Not because it steals  legitimate authority from us, the elected representatives in Congress,  but because it steals that authority and silences the voices of the  people who elected us. Ultimately, that is what this is all about.   In this Republic, Congress writes the laws, the President ensures  that the laws are faithfully executed, and the courts apply the law and  our Constitution to specific cases that come before them. That is how  it should work. That is how our Founders intended it.   I think it is more important now than ever to have a Supreme Court  that understands this role and resists the urge to act as a  superlegislature.   In recent decades, the Court has been increasingly asked to decide a  lot of important matters that affect us all. Think about it.  Healthcare, or the Affordable Care Act is an example, and  [[Page S2074]]  immigration, energy and environmental policies, social policies, First  Amendment rights to free speech, freedom of religion, Second Amendment  rights, and a hundred other issues. The Court affects all of our lives  in ways that are fundamental, and rulings by the Court, of course,  cannot be appealed to a higher court. All you can do is change the law.  On constitutional provisions, you can't even do that.   At the same time as the scope of judicial power has expanded and as  the significance of the Supreme Court's rulings has increased, there  are some judges who have essentially rewritten statutes that did not  suit them. They have taken the law and said: We are going to rewrite  this in a way that we think works better. That is not their job.   One example I would give you is that a couple of years ago, the  Supreme Court ruled, for example, that the words ``established by a  state''--this was in the Affordable Care Act--could also mean ``not  established by a state.'' I mean, literally, the Court said that, and  that ``legislature'' could also mean a popular referendum. So they took  the very words of a statute and said: We don't like the way that is  written. We are going to change these words, and we are going to  adjudicate this matter based on our understanding of these words, which  is based on our personal opinion.   I don't think these rulings made sense logically but, more  importantly, they changed the law, as written by the people and the  people's Representatives.   So the stakes are high here. We have to get this right. There are  people who make the argument that the Constitution is such a living  document, whose meaning evolves as popular opinion evolves, that we  should make judges into basically pollsters or superlegislators. I  don't think that makes sense. But, more importantly, I don't think it  is fair, and it is one reason why so many people have felt like their  voices aren't being heard, I believe, when the courts do that.   Again, Neil Gorsuch gets it. As he said in his testimony recently,  his philosophy ``is to strive to understand what the words on the page  mean . . . [to] apply what the people's representatives, the lawmakers,  have done.''   This should be what we all want in a Supreme Court justice--someone  who will fairly and impartially apply the law and protect the rights we  have guaranteed by our Constitution.   To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I would make a plea  today: I would say that in this regard, I would think Judge Gorsuch is  exactly the kind of Justice that you would like, someone who is  actually going to apply the laws that you write--that we write--and not  impose his personal views.   The American Bar Association--not known as a conservative body--has  unanimously declared Judge Gorsuch ``well qualified'' for this job.  That is their highest rating--``well qualified.'' That is what they  have given him. The ABA has noted that ``based on the writings,  interviews, and analyses we scrutinized to reach our rating, we  discerned that Judge Gorsuch believes strongly in the independence of  the judicial branch of government, and we predict that he will be a  strong but respectful voice in protecting it,'' meaning the  independence of the judicial branch. That is pretty strong from the  American Bar Association.   By the way, despite these accolades he has gotten and his respect for  the lawmaking that so many of us do here in this body, some of my  colleagues on the other side may decide to vote against Judge Gorsuch,  and they certainly have a right to do that. Of course, they do. But  let's at least give him a vote. Let's give him an up-or-down vote. He  deserves that. If a nominee this qualified can't get an up-or-down vote  on the Senate floor, it is not clear to me who could.   Some have argued recently that the standard for a Supreme Court  Justice should be 60 votes in the Senate--not an up-or-down vote, not  51 votes or a simple majority. The Washington Post has looked at that  recently, and the Washington Post gave the notion that it should be 60  votes three Pinocchios--that means the guy whose nose gets longer when  he is not telling the truth. Here is what the Washington Post said:  ``There is no `traditional' 60-vote `standard' or `rule' for Supreme  Court nominations, no matter how much or how often Democrats claim  otherwise.''   That is the Washington Post.   In fact, as you probably know, two sitting Justices on the Supreme  Court right now were actually confirmed by this body with less than 60  votes. Justice Thomas, a very controversial nomination at the time, was  confirmed 52 to 48--hardly a tradition of confirming with 60 votes.  Justice Alito was confirmed 58 to 42 only 10 years ago. In fact, as we  have heard on this floor, there has never been a successful filibuster  of a Supreme Court Justice in the history of this body. That is hardly  the standard. So I urge my colleagues to give him a vote, and I hope  the result will be the confirmation of this smart, mainstream, decent  man who is so well qualified for the Supreme Court and who has made it  clear, again, that he is not going to impose his personal beliefs on  the rest of us but will apply the law as written, and he is going to  adhere to the U.S. Constitution. That is the kind of judge who deserves  the support of all of us.   Thank you.   I yield back my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). The Senator from Colorado.   (The remarks of Mr. Bennet pertaining to the introduction of S. 767  are printed in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills  and Joint Resolutions.'')   