 Mr. President, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the  distinguished Senator from Georgia.  [[Page S3672]]    The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Georgia.    Mr. President, for the last several weeks, I have been  hearing quite a bit about process here in the Senate, particularly as  it relates to the ongoing debate over the future of ObamaCare.   My friends on the other side of the aisle have, apparently, poll- tested the strategy of decrying the supposed secrecy surrounding the  healthcare bill and the lack of regular order in its development. They  have come to the floor, given interviews, and even hijacked committee  meetings and hearings to express their supposedly righteous indignation  about how Republicans are proceeding with the healthcare bill.   Of course, hearing Senate Democrats lecture about preserving the  customs and traditions of the Senate is a bit ironic, but I will get  back to that in a minute.   Last week, the Senate Finance Committee, which I chair, held a  routine nominations markup to consider a slate of relatively  uncontroversial nominees. On that same day, several of our colleagues  and congressional staffers had been viciously attacked by an armed  assailant, and a Member of the House of Representatives, of course, was  in critical condition in the hospital.   I opened the meeting by respectfully asking my colleagues to allow  the committee to use the markup as an opportunity to demonstrate unity  in the face of a violent attack against Congress as an institution.  Even then, my Democratic friends were, apparently, unable to pass up an  opportunity to try to score partisan points and rack up video clips for  social media by playing for the cameras as they lamented the  committee's position in the healthcare debate.   Once again, the situation is dripping with irony. As I said, I will  get to that in a minute.   If my Democratic colleagues are going to continue grandstanding over  the healthcare debate, I have a few numbers I would like to cite for  them.   Under ObamaCare, health insurance premiums in the State of Oregon  have gone up by an average of 110 percent. In Michigan, they have gone  up by 90 percent. In Florida, they have gone up by 84 percent. In  Delaware, they have gone up by 108 percent. In Ohio, they have gone up  by 86 percent. In Pennsylvania, they have gone up by 120 percent. In  [[Page S3673]]  Virginia, they have gone up by 77 percent. In Missouri, they have gone  up by 145 percent.   I have not picked those States at random. Each of these States is  currently represented by a Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee. Of  course, those trends extend well beyond the committee.   In Illinois, where the Senate minority whip resides, premiums have  gone up by 108 percent.   In West Virginia and Wisconsin, both of which are also represented by  Democratic Senators, premiums have gone up by 169 percent and 93  percent, respectively.   Montana is in a similar situation with premiums rising by 133 percent  under ObamaCare.   Now, just so people do not go thinking that I am picking on the  Democrats, I will note that, in Utah, health insurance premiums have  gone up by an average of 101 percent.   In Wyoming, they have gone up by 107 percent, and, in Nebraska, they  have gone up by 153 percent.   I can go on, but I think my point is clear: Health insurance premiums  have skyrocketed all over the country by an average of 105 percent. I  will repeat that. Under ObamaCare, the average health insurance  premiums in the United States have seen triple-digit increases.   These are the fruits of the so-called Affordable Care Act. This is  the burden that ObamaCare has placed on patients and families  throughout our country, and people are feeling that burden whether they  vote for Democrats or Republicans.   The only difference is that, for 7\1/2\ years, my Republican  colleagues and I have been talking about the failures of ObamaCare, and  for 7\1/2\ years, Senate Democrats have done virtually nothing to  address these problems.   For 7\1/2\ years, Republicans like myself have pleaded with our  Democratic colleagues and with the previous administration to work with  us to address the failures of ObamaCare, and for 7\1/2\ years, it has  been virtually impossible to get any Democrat in Washington to even  acknowledge that there have been any problems with ObamaCare to begin  with.   As the cost of healthcare in this country has skyrocketed out of  control and the system created by the so-called Affordable Care Act has  been collapsing under its own weight, Democrats in the Senate have been  cherry-picking what few positive data points they can find and telling  the American people that everything is fine and that ObamaCare is  working.   Give me a break.   By no honest or reasonable measure is ObamaCare living up to the  promises that were made at the time it was passed. As a result, the  American people are saddled with a healthcare system that has been  poorly designed and recklessly implemented.   Sure, it has made for partisan political theater for my colleagues to  express shock and dismay at the current state of the healthcare  debate. I am quite certain the strategy has poll-tested very well among  the Democratic base, and the Senate minority leader clearly has an  elaborate media campaign in mind.    Before they begin berating Republicans, I hope my Democratic  colleagues were able to come up with something to tell their  constituents whose healthcare costs have exploded as a result of  ObamaCare. I have just mentioned a few things.   I hope they have answers for their voters for wondering why they only  have one insurance option available to them, if they even have that,  and, most importantly, I hope they have an explanation as to why they  have been more or less silent while the law they supported--and still  support--has wreaked havoc on our Nation's healthcare system.   Until they can answer those questions and provide those explanations,  my good friends should spare anyone within earshot their lectures about  what is currently happening in the Senate.   Finally, let me address the irony of my Democratic colleagues'  process complaints. Some of them have selective memories when it comes  to the history of ObamaCare. We have heard our colleagues talk about  the number of committee hearings held in advance of ObamaCare's  passing. What we don't hear is that there was not a single hearing held  in the Senate on the ObamaCare reconciliation bill, which was an  essential element that ensured passage of the Affordable Care Act in  the House.   We have heard our colleagues talk about the markup process in  committee and the number of amendments that were filed and accepted.  What we don't hear about is the fact that the bills reported by the  Finance and HELP Committees were tossed aside so the healthcare bill  could be rewritten behind closed doors in Senator Reid's office, who  was then the majority leader. The final product was only made public a  few days before the Senate voted on it.   The truth is this: Senate committees--including the Finance  Committee--have had literally dozens of hearings wherein the failings  of ObamaCare--both the structure of the law and its implementation-- have been thoroughly examined. Between all the relevant committees,  there have been at least 66 healthcare hearings in the Senate since  ObamaCare became the healthcare law of the land. More than half of  those were in the Finance Committee.   Committees have conducted countless oversight investigations and  inquiries into these matters over the years. Few matters in the history  of our country have received as much of the Senate's attention as  ObamaCare has received. Very few laws have been examined as extensively  as the so-called Affordable Care Act, which is anything but affordable.  ObamaCare is the very definition of well-covered territory.   The majority leader has made clear that Members will have an  opportunity to examine the forthcoming healthcare bill, and I expect  that to be the case. He has always made assurances that when the bill  is debated on the floor, we will have a fair and open amendment  process, as required under the rules. There is really no reason for  anyone to expect otherwise.   Let's recall that when ObamaCare was passed, the Democratic Speaker  of the House, with a plain face, stated that Congress had to pass the  bill in order for people to see what was in it.   Let's also recall that a couple of years later, one of the chief  architects of the so-called Affordable Care Act bragged about the lack  of transparency that surrounded its passage and said it was necessary  to, in his words, take advantage of the ``stupidity of the American  voter.''   Any argument that the process that resulted in ObamaCare was a  picture of transparency and deliberation is so off base that it would  almost be humorous if the issue was something less important.   As I said in committee last week, I want to welcome my Democratic  colleagues to the healthcare debate. Ever since ObamaCare was signed  into law, Democrats have more or less assumed that the debate was over  and that all they had to do was keep telling the American people that  everything was just fine, as if repetition alone would make it come  true.   Everyone is going to see the bill, and everyone is going to get their  chance to say their piece about it.   For now, I simply hope my Democratic colleagues will spare us their  lectures and maybe look in the mirror when they are ranting about the  degradation of the process and traditions of the Senate.   I have been around healthcare for most of my 41 years in the Senate.  A lot of the healthcare bills that work in this country have my name on  them. This is one of the worst bills I have ever seen in all my time in  the U.S. Senate. If I were a Democrat, I would not be claiming success  because of that bill. It is a pathetic piece of legislation that is  going to put this country down and make healthcare not available for  everybody but make everybody have the worst healthcare system they  could possibly have.   Now, it is one thing to cherry-pick a few things that the healthcare  bill can help with, but it would be a totally stupid bill if it didn't  have something in it that was good. If you look at the overall bill and  you look at the overall cost to America and you look at what it is  doing to America and you look at how the medical profession is starting  to really wonder if they want to be in the profession anymore--you  can't do all of this and look at all of these things  [[Page S3674]]  without asking, What in the heck have we done here? Are we so stupid  that we believe the Federal Government is the last answer to  everything?   Well, we will see, because I think some people are that stupid and,  frankly--I don't want to name anybody, and I hope I am wrong, but I  have been here 41 years and I have seen a lot of stupidity around this  place and you have to really go a long way to find anything worse than  the so-called ``affordable'' healthcare bill.   This is a pathetic piece of legislation that is going to wreck our  country if we don't, as Democrats and Republicans, get together and  reform it. This is an opportunity for my friends on the Democratic side  as well as the Republican side to see what we can do about this and to  get this thing straightened out.    This is the greatest country in the world. There is nobody in this  country who should go without basic healthcare. When we have terrible  cases like my distinguished friend and colleague from Connecticut has  mentioned, yes, we want to make sure people who suffer like that are  taken care of, and there are some on our side who could be a little  more humane and compassionate, but there are some on the other side,  too, who could be a little more humane and compassionate and maybe a  little more honest when they talk about this bill.   We are a long way from solving the healthcare problems in this  country, and if we go down this road any further, we will be an even  longer way from solving these problems, and we may very well bankrupt  the American economy, which will then really show us how bad we are  with regard to healthcare in this country.   My friends on the other side never ask, Where is the money going to  come from? Who is going to pay for this? Who is going to help us to get  through this? We are just going to throw money at it, and we are $100  trillion in unfunded liability in this country and $20 trillion in  national debt. It is astounding. Who is going to pay for it, especially  when it doesn't work any better than that.   I spent some of my prior life in medical malpractice work defending  doctors and hospitals and healthcare providers, and some of that was  really astounding to me because some of those cases were brought just  to get the defense costs, which were always pretty high because those  cases were very expensive to defend. Most of them were not good cases,  but once they got in court, if they had any kind of basis at all--but  even if they were dismissed, it still cost a lot of money.   All I can say is, there is a lot wrong with our healthcare system in  this country, but it is still the best healthcare system in the world,  and it is about to go down if we don't get together as Republicans and  Democrats and straighten this mess out. We can make our political  points all we want to. Both sides have been right in some cases and  both sides have been wrong on some things, but we are wrong if we think  that the current system is going to work, and we ought to be working  together as Republicans and Democrats or Democrats and Republicans to  straighten it out.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Michigan.   