 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, today, I speak in favor of the Iran  sanctions bill. I am an original cosponsor of the bill, so it should  come as no surprise that I support it. My only concern is that we did  not pass it sooner.   As I stand here today, I cannot help but feel that this moment  highlights the folly of the last 8 years of President Obama's foreign  policy. For 8 years, President Obama did everything he could to curry  favor with the Ayatollahs in Tehran. He ignored popular protests, known  as the Green Movement, and the thousands of Iranians who cried out for  something more than sham elections. He lectured our Gulf Arab allies on  the need to ``share'' the Middle East with their sworn enemy in some  kind of cold peace. He insisted on putting daylight between us and our  friend Israel. He dallied and dithered as the regime helped its client  Bashar al-Assad help tear apart his own country in a brutal civil war.  Most infamously, he traded away billions of dollars in sanctions relief  for a flimsy, one-sided nuclear deal--a deal that did not prevent Iran  from getting a nuclear weapon so much as ultimately guarantee it in  just a few years.   What do we have to show for all of this? What did we get for looking  the other way for 8 years? Not a more reasonable Iran, not a more open,  tolerant, democratic Iran, not a friendlier Iran, but an emboldened  Iran--one that continues to launch ballistic missiles in willful  defiance of United Nations Security Council resolutions. For everything  we have done to mollify the ayatollahs and their sensitivities, they  have gone out of their way to inflame ours. What did President Obama  do? Nothing but appease them.   But we should not lay these failures solely on the last President's  doorstep, because he represents a mindset that is too widely shared. It  is one that sees Iran's obvious imperial aggression in the Middle East  and yet still considers America the aggressor. It is one that tries to  compartmentalize and haggle with a regime whose leaders shout ``death  to Israel'' and ``death to America'' virtually every Friday. It is one  that refuses to call a spade a spade and say to the Ayatollahs that  enough is enough.   But today we are changing course--and not a moment too soon. This  legislation will finally hold the regime and Tehran accountable for  their brazen attempts to bully their neighbors and assert supremacy  throughout the Middle East. It will put heavy sanctions on anyone who  is involved in helping Iran develop ballistic missiles, circumvent our  arms embargo, or spread terrorism throughout the world.   I know there are those who consider this kind of a move to be  provocative, but I would say that it is the Iranian regime's aggression  that has been provocative. All of these sanctioned activities are  things that the regime and Tehran should not be doing in the first  place. I do not think it is provocative to hold our enemies to the same  standards as our friends. I do not think it is unreasonable to do what  we can to protect our friends and ourselves from Iranian-supported  terrorism and from a regime that is responsible for killing hundreds of  American troops in the Middle East. Instead, I think it is long  overdue.   Today, I am glad to see the Senate finally prepared to rectify these  grave mistakes.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   