 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative Vela for  yielding time to me and also Chairman McCaul and the folks who have  been working on this particular bill.   CBP currently has a staffing deficit of 3,000 individuals for the  uniform components, that is the U.S. Border Patrol, Office of Field  Operations, Air and Marine Operations, which jeopardizes our national  and our economic security.   This legislation does not cover ICE. CBP, Border Patrol, and Air and  Marine. Nobody else. This has nothing to do with deportation.   Long before President Trump became a candidate for the office,  Congress authorized CBP to hire an additional 2,000 officers. That was  about 4 years ago. Chairman Carter, Michael McCaul, we authorized 2,000  officers. Up to now, Mr. Speaker, we have not been able to hire those  2,000 officers because of the polygraph exam.   In fact, 65 percent of those individuals who applied for CBP are  rejected, which is twice the amount that you have for other Federal  officers, FBI, DEA, when they take their polygraph. I am talking about  polygraph exams.   Again, this does not cover ICE. What this bill actually does, it will  strengthen CBP's efforts to secure our border by filling those  positions. I represent Laredo, the largest inland port, 14,000 traders  a day. They have been delayed because we don't have enough CBP  officers, and we need to get them.   What this bill does, it does not lower the standards. I emphasize, it  does not lower the standards. It streamlines the background  investigation for a limited number of veterans, military officers, law  enforcement. If you are a local law enforcement and you take a  polygraph exam, then you can ask for this waiver. Or if you are a  servicemember or a veteran with the highest background investigation,  you can get a waiver. Or if you are current Federal law enforcement  with the highest background exam, you can get a waiver. But, again, if  somebody finds out those vetted individuals still need to take a  polygraph, then you would take it.   Finally, the last thing to conclude is, Members, this is not the  first time we have gotten a waiver.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    If you look at the National Defense Authorization  polygraph waiver language, CBP has already gotten requests for waivers.  In fact, it has already been done. This is not the first time that we  are doing this. It is already the law. It doesn't bring down the  standards. It allows us to have more men and women at the border, and  this is why I ask you to support this legislation.   Mr. McCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve  the balance of my time to close.   