 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks before the vote.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, we lost another great American this month  with the passing of Arthur J. Jackson. He received the Medal of Honor  in 1945 for his service in the Pacific theater of World War II. His  name may not be as familiar as it once was. In retirement, he lived a  quiet life. I didn't want to let his death pass without paying tribute  to him, his family, and the extraordinary acts of courage with which he  defended our country. Although, to be sure, ``extraordinary'' doesn't  really describe the half of it.   It was September 1944, and Private Jackson, a 19-year-old Ohio  native, was serving with the 3rd Battalion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine  Division on the island of Peleliu. Their mission sounded simple enough:  Take the island as quickly as possible, inch ever closer to retaking  the Philippines, and ultimately defeat Japan.   Simple it wasn't. His platoon was hailed by a steady stream of fire  from a heavily fortified position. To charge forward would be to march  toward certain death, and that is exactly what he did. He attacked a  pillbox, holding about 35 enemy soldiers, and as his Medal of Honor  citation reads, ``[P]ouring his automatic fire into the opening of the  fixed installation to trap the occupying troops, he hurled white  phosphorus grenades and explosive charges brought up by a fellow  Marine, demolishing the pillbox and killing all of the enemy.''   The enemy fire continued unabated, his cover was light at best, and  yet Private Jackson proceeded to storm one position after another-- wiping out a total of 12 pillboxes and 50 enemy soldiers. It was a  stunning act of bravery. I can only imagine the pride of President  Truman when he pinned the Medal of Honor on Private Jackson's uniform.  I can only imagine the awe of his fellow Americans as they showered him  with ticker tape in a New York City parade to celebrate.   Yes, Arthur Jackson was one of the greats, and like with many great  men, his career had a somewhat tragic ending. After a stint in the  Army, he rejoined the Marines and was stationed at Guantanamo Bay,  Cuba, in September 1961. It was only months after the Bay of Pigs and  just over a year from the Cuban Missile Crisis. Tensions were high;  suspicions were too.   On one night, then-Captain Jackson discovered a Cuban busdriver in a  restricted part of the base. He wasn't supposed to be there, nor was he  authorized to be there. The man had been identified as a spy for Fidel  Castro's regime but was allowed to keep his job for the time being.  Captain Jackson and a fellow officer escorted the man to a back gate to  see him off the premises, only to discover the gate was locked. While  the other officers went off to find tools, Captain Jackson pried the  lock open, and, suddenly, the man lunged at him, aiming for a sidearm.  Captain Jackson fired back in self-defense and killed the man on the  spot.   Instead of reporting the man's death, however, he and some of his  fellow Marines buried the body on the base. Many decades later, he told  a newspaper columnist he feared, if he reported the death, he would be  tried in a Cuban court and possibly tortured.   He had hoped no one would find out, but word got out, and he was  forced to leave the Marine Corps. He ended life as a mail carrier in  California. It was a disappointing end to an until-then brilliant  career. This was a man who loved his country, who put everything on the  line to defend it, and if one night that love blinded his judgment, it  only shows the intensity of his commitment.   Arthur Jackson went on to work for the Veterans' Administration in  San Francisco before moving to Boise, ID, in 1973. He lived out the  remainder of his life there, where he was beloved by the community. As  a neighbor of his put it, ``He flies the U.S. flag and the Marine Corps  flag every day. It bothers him if someone flies a dirty or tattered  flag. He tells them to take it down and replace it.''   A little thing with a big meaning: Arthur Jackson showed as much love  for the flag as he did for our country, and now we lost him to the  ages. We still have his memory, his example, his stories of derring-do,  which will inspire future generations of Americans for decades to come.    Mr. President, I yield back all time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.  [[Page S3839]]        