 Mr. Chairman, I wish to introduce amendment No. 113.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, it does not advance the interests of the United States  to fund schools that incite terror and hate throughout the world.  Thirty-four of those such schools exist in Judea and Samaria, the area  currently controlled by the Palestinian Authority, and this amendment  would defund 34 schools that are named after terrorists, killers, and  Nazi collaborators. I will provide a few examples.   Dalal Mughrabi led the coastal road massacre by hijacking a bus. She  killed 37 people, including 12 children, and injured another 70. Three  schools are named after her. Two students attending one of these  schools were interviewed on March 27, 2014. They said: ``Dalal Mughrabi  is a great leader. She walks among us, and I'm personally proud to  attend the Dalal Mughrabi School.''   A second little girl who attended that school said: ``My life's  ambition is to reach the level of the martyr fighter Dalal Mughrabi.''   Khalil al-Wazir headed the PLO terrorist organization's military  wing. He planned attacks that killed over 125 Israelis. Five schools  are named after him.   Salah Khalaf led the Black September terrorist organization. He  planned the murder of 11 Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics and  the murder of two American diplomats in the Sudan. Four schools are  named after him.   Abdullah Azzam was cofounder of al-Qaida, the mentor of Osama bin  Laden, known as the ``Father of Modern Jihad.''   Abu Ali Iyad was the head of the Fatah military in the 1960s. A high  school for girls carries his name.   Amin al-Husseini was a Nazi collaborator during World War II. He  moved to Berlin where he served as a Hitler associate. In Yugoslavia,  he was designated a war criminal. When the Nazi offered to free some  Jewish children, Al-Husseini prohibited their release, resulting in  5,000 Jewish children being sent to the gas chambers. An elementary  school is named after him.   Hassan Salameh was also a Nazi operative. He was sent by the Nazis  during World War II to poison the water supply in British-controlled  areas near Tel Aviv. Two schools are named after him.   Mr. Chairman, I care deeply for the education of our youth, but we  have to demand that curriculums be reformed so that the schools that  American taxpayers fund do not promote hate.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Lamborn).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   