 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to talk about an upcoming CRA that  will be on the floor potentially this week that would cancel out an  important regulation that is designed to build upon this country's  history of making sure there is a marriage between civil rights and  education to make sure that children in this country, regardless of  their race, regardless of their learning ability, regardless of their  religion, regardless of their income, get an equal chance at education.   Frankly, the whole reason the Federal Government is involved in the  question of education is due to civil rights. This used to be a purely  local concern, and the Federal Government stepped into the question of  local education because Black kids throughout the South were not  getting an equal education. They were living in segregated schools and  getting an education that was of far lesser quality. So the Federal  Government has always been involved in education because it is a matter  of civil rights.   I want to talk about this issue through the prism of one individual.  I am going to call him James, but this is a true story--a story,  frankly, that could be told millions of times over across the country.   James went to school in an urban district in Connecticut. He was a  10th grader. At the beginning of James's 10th grade year, he had a  habit of walking out of class. In the middle of class, he would just  get up and walk out after 10 or 15 or 20 minutes, and he would wander  the halls of this big, urban high school until inevitably he was met by  a security officer or a teacher or an administrator. They would bring  him down to the office, and they would call his grandmother, as he  lived with her. He would get suspended for a couple of days, and then  he would come back.   It played out so often--this cycle of James walking out of class,  being brought down to the principal's office, being suspended--that  somewhere around the end of October, during his sophomore year, he had  been out of school more days than he had been in school.   One day, though, James goes through this cycle again. He is in the  hallway, and he runs into an assistant principal. He is sort of sick  and tired of this story playing out over and over again. He raises his  voice. He has some words. James has never hurt anybody in his life, no  history of violence, but the assistant principal decides to call the  police. The police come and they arrest James for disorderly conduct,  essentially for having words with an assistant principal. Now James, at  16 years old, has a criminal record. At the time, he was treated as an  adult in Connecticut, so he has an adult criminal record.   It turns out that James was walking out of class every day because he  couldn't read, and he was mortified. He was embarrassed because he had  been socially promoted through the years. He had a learning disability  that was going untreated, and he was in the 10th grade with the ability  to only read at an elementary school level. No wonder he was walking  out of class every day. He literally couldn't follow along. It was  embarrassing. He didn't want to be called on by the teacher so he left.  Nobody ever figured that out until he got arrested and finally got a  legal aid lawyer, who happened to be my wife, who identified his  disability and the fact that it was being unaddressed.  [[Page S1684]]    The fact is, a big part of this story is tied up in the fact that  James was Black, and he was a big kid. So the police got calls maybe  because he appeared to be threatening in a way that he simply was not.  I can say that because the data backs up the fact that Black kids and  disabled kids are treated very differently in schools today. Wherever  you are, whether in Connecticut, in North Carolina, or in California,  Black kids--especially Black boys--are suspended and expelled at a rate  that is twice that of their White peers for the exact same behavior.  Take mouthing off to a teacher. When that happens, Black kids, Black  students, are twice as likely to be suspended for mouthing off to a  teacher than a White student.   James's story is not unique. It is not unique because it happens in  every State across the country, and it is not just in suspension and  expulsion rates, it is also in achievement rates as well. We know the  statistics. The graduation rate for African-American students is 16  percent lower than their White peers. I can go down the line and tell  you about the different story when it comes to achievement and  treatment of African-American students as compared to White students.   Racism isn't gone in this country. It might not be overt. Sometimes  it might not even be conscious, but it is still there. Discrimination  against kids who are different, whether they be poor or disabled,  didn't vanish. It is still all over.   John Lewis is a civil rights icon. We celebrate him every day,  Republicans and Democrats, in the U.S. Congress. He got mercilessly  beaten over the head simply because he wanted to vote. John Lewis is  still alive, but you know what, so are the people who beat him. We are  only a generation removed from an era of open, unapologetic racism in  this country. To think that we don't need civil rights protections for  kids any longer is to deny reality. Racism doesn't look the same as it  used to. Discrimination against kids who are different isn't as overt  as it used to be, but the data is the data. It is still there.   No Child Left Behind got a lot wrong, but one of the things it got  right was that it shed a light on this disparate treatment, these  disparate outcomes between Black students, Hispanic students, disabled  students, and their peers, because it forced States--and this was a  Republican and Democratic accomplishment at the time--it forced States  to disaggregate results. So you had to look at how were disabled  students doing, how were Black students doing, and if they weren't  measuring up and if they weren't getting closer to the performance of  their nondisabled or White peers, then you had to do something to turn  those students around, turn their performance around.   Now, the part that No Child Left Behind got wrong is big and  significant. Part of it is that it required every single one of those  kids to hit the 100-percent proficiency mark, when progress is  important to measure as well. It also told States exactly what to do to  turn around the experiences of those kids. It is not the same in  Connecticut as it is in North Carolina, and it is not the same in an  urban district as it is in a suburban district. So when we got together  on this floor and passed, in a bipartisan way, the new Elementary and  Secondary Education Act, we did something really important. We  preserved those requirements to disaggregate results for Black kids and  for Hispanic kids and for kids with disabilities, but then we left it  up to States to decide what proficiency is, and we left it up to States  as to how they would turn around the experience for these kids if they  weren't meeting those State-set goals. We gave an enormous amount of  discretion and flexibility to States, but we preserved the basic  expectation that our education policy was still going to be civil  rights policy: Pay attention to how those vulnerable populations with a  history of discrimination levied against them performed and require  States to pay attention to the interventions.   That was a bipartisan achievement, and when we did it, we knew the  regulation was going to be needed because, as with many education  statutes, they are very vague. Republicans and Democrats understood  that there was going to have to be a regulation to provide some clarity  to States on how you build these locally driven accountability systems.   So the regulation we are talking about here today was not one of  these that came out of left field. It was not one of these regulations  that was political in nature; no, it flows from a bipartisan act that  preserved accountability requirements for kids.   It is important for a variety of reasons. One, it is important  because there are some really vague terms in the statute that do need  clarification. For instance, one of the things we voted for,  Republicans and Democrats, is we voted to say you have to show that you  are providing improvement for African-American students, let's say, and  if they are not showing continuous improvement, then you have to have a  turnaround plan. By the way, that turnaround plan is totally yours to  decide; no sanctions from the Federal Government if it is not X  turnaround plan or Y turnaround plan. That is the old law. The new law  says it is yours to decide.   ``Continuous improvement'' is a super vague term. It is one of those  obvious terms that has to have some regulatory guardrails put around it  because what if the State said ``continuous improvement'' is  improvement over 20 years. Well, kids come in and out of schools in 2  or 3 or 4 years and a 20-year period of looking at a particular  subgroup's performance is meaningless to kids.    So the regulation says continuous improvement means 2 years; look at  how a kid does over 2 years. And then it says, if 2 years doesn't work  for you, you can make it longer but just tell us why. That is an  important protection, and it still preserves enormous flexibility for  States.   States want this regulation because it also gives them other types of  flexibilities. An example is, when you are looking at performance, the  statute suggests that you can have students who are meeting goal or  students who are not meeting goal. The regulation recognizes that is,  frankly, a really arbitrary way to look at performance. So the statute  says: Yes, that is what the regulation says. The statute says: Meeting  goal and not meeting goal, but you can get extra credit for students  who are close to meeting goal, who have shown growth. You can get  credit for students who are way above goal, your high-achieving  students. You don't have to measure your schools just based on how many  students meet goal. That is flexibility States want, that they likely  don't have without the regulation.   Another example, for English language learners, proficiency goals  should vary based on where you started. If you start here with no  English skills, then your proficiency target should be different than  if you started with a pretty advanced understanding of the language.  The statute just says you have to have a proficiency goal. It is  unclear whether you can have different ones for different levels of  learners. The regulation makes it clear: Give States that flexibility.   So that is why States didn't ask for this CRA. This is different than  these other CRAs. States didn't ask for this CRA. All of the  educational groups we listened to--teachers, superintendents,  principals--they weighed in on this regulation. They didn't love every  piece of it, but they were ready to implement it. None of these groups  were coming up to the Congress asking for this regulation to be  withdrawn. Would they have liked it to be fixed or tailored? Sure. But  here is what they understood, and here is why I am really concerned.   Secretary DeVos could fix the things she doesn't like or Senator  Alexander doesn't like through the regular notice and comment period. I  think there is 80 percent of this regulation that everybody agrees on,  that just dots the i's and crosses the t's on a bipartisan commitment  to accountability, and maybe there is 20 percent or 10 percent that  Senator Alexander and some other Members think goes a little bit too  far, but when you pass a CRA, you don't allow for a regulation to be  passed in the future that is substantially similar to the entirety of  the regulation. The courts aren't going to look, or, frankly, even  know, what parts of the regulation you didn't like and the 80 percent  of the regulation you wanted to preserve.   The Department of Education can't pass anything that is similar to  this  [[Page S1685]]  ever again. So one of the things the regulation says is that you get a  1-year delay because it is just too quick to come up with  accountability systems for this coming school year. That is gone. When  this CRA passes, every school district in the Nation has to develop an  accountability system for this calendar year because without the  regulation, you don't have that flexibility.   So what makes me, frankly, so disturbed about this CRA is that it  could happen another way, which would preserve the pieces of the civil  rights protections that all of us agree on, which is the majority of  the regulation. To my mind, it violated the spirit of our agreement  when we passed this law. Here was a really amazing achievement; that we  were able to rewrite the No Child Left Behind law--essentially repeal  it and replace it with something better--that Democrats and Republicans  could agree upon. In my mind, that agreement was predicated upon the  Department being able to enforce maybe the most important part of the  law for big constituency groups in this country--the accountability  section, the civil rights protections.   By passing this CRA, we are essentially making it impossible for any  regulation ever again to be passed to implement the accountability  sections and the civil rights protections in this law. Why? Because you  can't pass anything that is substantially similar--substantially  similar to the parts you like, substantially similar to the parts you  don't like. This isn't like these other CRAs where Republicans didn't  like any part of it, where Republicans didn't see any need for the  regulation to go forward. This is different. We agree on 80 percent of  this one, but the 80 percent is likely gone by passing this.   I guess part of what disturbs me here is that we worked, locked arm  in arm, in passing this law. I really do believe that by passing this  CRA, Republican leadership--HELP leadership--is violating the agreement  we had to make sure this law went into force and effect in the way we  all intended.   It happened in the context of the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee that isn't working this year like it used to work. I  have such great respect for the chairman and the ranking member of that  committee. They pulled off some big bipartisan wins during the time of  their tenure, including the Workforce Investment Act, the rewrite of  the No Child Left Behind Act, and some other smaller wins that people  didn't necessarily think as much about, and leading up to the end of  last year, the passage of a major new commitment to reforming mental  illness and mental health in this country.   That spirit of bipartisanship, which was present in the HELP  Committee in a way that it wasn't present in other committees, is  disappearing before our eyes. We were mad that we only got 5 minutes to  question Betsy DeVos because it felt like the committee was hiding her  from public view. Democrats were asking for more time to ask more  questions, and we didn't get it. That rarely happens in that committee,  where the minority party is just asking to be heard and is shut down.   We begged for the CRA not to come before this body because there was  another way to get it done that didn't violate the spirit of our  agreement around the rewrite of the No Child Left Behind law, but we  were denied in that request. Now we are voting on a CRA that is  potentially going to be devastating not just for kids out there who  need protection but also for States that want this flexibility.   Finally, we are on a schedule, according to the majority leader, that  is going to bring a healthcare bill that will rewrite the rules for  one-sixth of the American economy to the floor of the Senate without  any debate in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee,  without a single hearing on the bill, without a markup, and without any  ability for amendment.   I listened for 6 years to my Republican friends tell me that the  healthcare bill, or the Affordable Care Act, was rammed through  Congress and that the biggest problem was the fact that it was done  outside of the public view for expediency's sake. Now, I was there in  the House of Representatives, and let me express the unbelievable irony  of those complaints now that there will be no process for the  committees to consider the replacement to the Affordable Care Act.   The House and the Senate had hundreds--hundreds--of meetings and  hearings. The HELP Committee alone--I don't have the numbers in front  of me--considered hundreds of amendments and adopted over 100  Republican amendments in the markup process. The Senate's session was  the second longest in the history of the Senate, in for more than 20  days debating that bill. The reason there was so much tempest out in  the American public over the Affordable Care Act was because it was  open for debate for so long.   The Finance Committee had a full process. The HELP Committee had a  full process. The Ways and Means Committee had a full process. The  Energy and Commerce Committee had a full process.   None of that is happening here. This bill is being jammed through, as  we speak, the Ways and Means and the Energy and Commerce Committees.  This bill is going to be jammed onto the floor, perhaps without any  committee process, in the Senate. The target is from introduction  Monday to passage in the House in 3 weeks and perhaps just a few more  weeks before it passes the Senate. So spare me the complaints about the  Affordable Care Act being rushed into place when this process is going  to make that look laborious in comparison.   What pains me is not just this CRA, which is unnecessary, but it  doesn't have to happen this way. What pains me is a committee process  that when I got here had a reputation for being truly bipartisan, for  being one of the more functional, if not the most functional, committee  processes. That is being blown up most significantly by the rush job-- the rush job on the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act,  which nobody in the American public is going to have enough time to  look at it and see it.   I ask my colleagues one more time to reconsider their votes on this  CRA. We are at our best when we come together around the idea that  every kid in this country should have a chance at a quality education,  no matter what color their skin is, no matter what their learning  ability is. I know my colleagues have a couple problems with this  regulation. I get it. But by passing this CRA, the regulation is gone  and never coming back, and the States that want the flexibility, that  are begging for the flexibility, won't get it. It will just be an  unworkable section of the bill. A section that was supposed to be  bipartisan now fundamentally won't work because we can't get a  regulation passed that is at all substantially similar to the good  parts or to the bad parts.   This body is at its best when we stand together--Republicans and  Democrats--and say that no matter what you look like, no matter how  well you learn, no matter how much money you have, you get a quality  education. We did that when we voted together on ESSA, and we are going  back on that bipartisan commitment by passing a CRA that is  unnecessary. As to the bad stuff you don't like, it can be gone in a  matter of months by a regular process of notice and comment in the  Department of Education.   This is part of a disturbing new trend line in this committee toward  partisanship and away from a history of commitment to our kids-- Republican and Democrat.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Tim Abram, a  fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges through July 31, 2017.   