 Mr. Speaker, I could not be more excited to be  here tonight and to experience what we are experiencing here.   You know, when this President was elected, he made a promise: He was  going to drain the swamp, he was going to shake things up, and he was  going to make government work again.  [[Page H4907]]    I have got to highlight real quickly though, before I talk about  appropriations, what really has happened. Here in the last--in this  under 5 months, 600,000 new jobs have been created. Unemployment is at  the lowest it has been in nearly a decade, at 4.3 percent. He has put a  plan forth to help rescue Americans from a healthcare plan that has  been failing.   The largest increase in defense spending in nearly 10 years has  already been passed and signed into law and is part of your display  there.   He has presented a budget to this Congress that balances in 10 years,  rebuilds our military, reforms our Tax Code, and empowers the  taxpayers, while not empowering government.   And he has also put the American people and the American workers and  American businesses first by pulling us out of that Paris accord. He  has been shaking things up and draining the swamp.   So what is next? For us, it is, we have got to reform this  appropriations process.   Let me read you some statistics here. The current process that we  operate under to fund the greatest Nation on the globe has only worked  four times in the last 40 years. The last time we passed all 12  appropriations bills that were enacted by the start of the new fiscal  year was in 1996 is the last time.   And, in fact, a more stunning statistic: Since 2009, not one  appropriations bill has passed this House, passed the Senate, and been  signed into law by the President before its time was due. That is zero  for 96.   So I have just got a simple idea, a simple concept. Let's just change  what is not working. Let's change the process. Let's design a process  that actually works for the American people and funds the government in  a very responsible, fiscally responsible way that begins streamlining  government; that is eliminating agencies; that is empowering the  American people; and, ultimately, showing a responsible House of  Representatives and a Republican vision forward.   And it is real simple. Let's run it through the committee. Let's do  12 bills, all through their different subcommittees. Let's combine them  in full committee, and let's bring them to the House floor for  everybody to have an opportunity to vote on, to amend, to engage in the  debate.   I believe, if we do this, we are going to save time. We are going to  have more time for tax reform. We are going to have more time for  infrastructure investment. We are going to have more time for finishing  out the healthcare bill. But it is going to be transparent. Everyone  can see it. It is going to be effective. We are going to get it done.   At the end of the day, we are going to be able to rebuild our  military to where we know it needs to be. We are going to be able to  secure our border. We are going to protect the innocent unborn. We are  going to reform Wall Street. We are going to invest in roads and  infrastructure. We are going to streamline or eliminate a lot of  agencies, and we are going to do all that while cutting spending. But  that is only if we are willing to make government work again.   