 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent, in order to carry out the  Speaker's expressed intent, to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act, to  protect DREAMers like Jean, who studies at the University of Maryland  and is a credit to that institution, a credit to our State, and a  credit to our country.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.  Initially, I want to say that I hope that very soon, in a bipartisan  way, we will bring a DACA bill to this floor.   Let me quote what President Trump said last night. Trump tweeted that  he wanted to ``legalize DACA,'' another call to action, and further  muddled where the administration stood and what it would do.   He said: We need to come together and do this, and we really have no  choice.   Now, I want to speak about this bill. As the chairman knows, and as  the ranking member knows, I served on the Appropriations Committee for  23 years, so I have taken leave of absence because I am one of the  leaders on our side of the aisle.   For most of those years, we worked in a bipartisan fashion. This is a  partisan bill. It is sad, and it is not regular order at all. Regular  order is doing one bill after another until you have passed the 12  bills. In fact, I don't think I have ever seen this process done in  this fashion.   When I was the majority leader, the first year we passed all 12 bills  individually, discretely, separately, and sent them to the Senate  before the August break.   Hal Rogers, the former chairman of this committee, said of the  President's budget: ``While we have a responsibility to reduce our  Federal deficit, I am disappointed that many of the reductions and  eliminations proposed in the President's skinny budget are draconian,  careless and counterproductive.'' I think the same could be applied to  the budget that is before us.   The omnibus appropriations package the House is considering this week  is, as all of us here recognize--all of us recognize--the chairman, I  have great respect for, and I am not going to ask him publicly whether  he thinks the Senate is going to adopt any one of these bills, but I  know his answer.    Mr. Chair, let me say to my colleagues, this is not the  way to do it. John McCain gave a compelling speech on the floor of the  United States Senate as he was challenged with a brain tumor and  thinking deeply about what we ought to do. And he said: We need to act  together. We need to be bipartisan. We need to do the people's work in  a way they expect us to do it: together.    Mr. Chairman, this bill is not going to get a Democratic vote. That  is sad. It is sad for the House; it is sad for the country; and it is  sad for the people who will be shortchanged by this bill.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,'' and I urge the majority party to  return to the table, as surely we will, to work in a bipartisan fashion  to construct bills that we can all be proud of.   There will be compromises. We won't get all that we want, but they  will be bills that the American people can be proud of and that this  House can be proud of. Let us return to the bipartisan comity and  respect for one another that so long prevailed in the Appropriations  Committee. How sad we have fallen to this place.   