 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to  10 minutes on this resolution.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, Americans are working longer and Americans  are working harder than ever before, with less and less to show for it.   Over the last 40 years, GDP has gone up, corporate profits have gone  up, executive salaries have gone up--all because American workers are  more productive. Again, GDP is up, corporate salaries are up, corporate  profits are up, executive salaries are up--all because of the  productivity of American workers. Unfortunately--tragically--a big  problem in our society is that workers don't share in the economic  growth they have created for their companies.    On Friday, at the John Glenn School in Columbus, I rolled out a plan  to do something about it. Instead of working to raise wages, the Senate  is debating a measure to give large corporations even more ability,  more leeway, more opportunity to shortchange American workers. It is as  simple as that. One in five Americans works in a company that does some  business with the American Government. We are talking about a rule that  affects companies employing as much as one-fifth of the workforce.  These workers deserve to be paid what they earn. They deserve safe  workplaces, just as all American workers do.   Before this worker protection rule was put in place, nearly one-third  of the companies in the United States with the worst safety and health  violations were receiving taxpayer dollars in the form of Federal  contracts. Federal dollars are going to these companies. They then turn  around and hire workers in contract with the government and hire  workers and cheat them and shortchange them. These corporations broke  the law. They didn't pay their employees what they were owed or they  broke health and safety rules. Yet they continue to rake in Federal  dollars. That is unfair to workers. It is unfair to the good companies  that play by the rules. It is unfair to those who are undercut,  competitors that willfully and constantly follow the law. The good  companies often are losing out. They are playing by the rules, yet lose  out to the companies that aren't.   That is why the Obama administration put in place the Fair Pay and  Safe Workplaces Executive order. If you want the privilege of doing  business with American taxpayers, if you want a contract with the  Federal government paid for by taxpayers, you must follow the law. It  is as simple as that. That was yesterday. Also, yesterday the rule  ensured that workers have accurate information about the hours they  work, the overtime pay they can earn, the wages they are being paid-- basic things that above-board companies are already doing anyway. That  was yesterday.   Today this body is voting to undo that. Why would we want to roll  back commonsense worker protections? Why would we reward companies that  cheat their workers by giving them more taxpayer dollars? There is only  one possible explanation: to make it easier for some big companies to  cheat both their own workers and their competitors. When voters reject  Washington, it is maneuvers like this they have in mind: Congress  watering down rules that protect workers, that protect taxpayers, that  let corporations that break the law off the hook.   The President came to Ohio a lot last year. He made a lot of big  promises during his campaign. He is already facing a choice on issues  like this one. Is he going to keep his promises to working families in  Trumbull County, OH, Warren, Mansfield, Toledo, Springfield  [[Page S1600]]  or is he going to sell them out in favor of the same old corporate  billionaire agenda?   The President has come to a fork in the road. He can go down the fork  where workers will do better in this administration--make better wages,  have a safer workplace--or he can take the other fork in the road that  undercuts wages, that shortchanges workers, that makes the workplace  less safe. Unfortunately, the President and, I am afraid, this Senate  have chosen that fork in the road, the one that undercuts workers and  makes the workplace less safe.   I hope my colleagues will join me in rejecting this attempt to  undercut American workers.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   