 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Espaillat for leading  this important Special Order.   It is no secret that many cities in our country face an affordable  housing crisis. That crisis is particularly acute in California, as  everyone in my State, from the Bay Area to Los Angeles to the Inland  Empire, will tell you.   California is a desired destination for people from all over the  world, many of  [[Page H8649]]  them skilled, tech-savvy young people who moved to California for our  climate, culture, or commerce. This is especially true for my home city  of Los Angeles, which boasts cultures and cuisines from all over the  globe, allowing anybody to feel at home.   Unfortunately, the growth of affordable housing has not kept pace  with the population growth. This disconnect has created a housing  affordability crisis that is exacerbating economic inequality and  forcing lifelong Angelinos out of neighborhoods they grew up in.   The lack of housing raises rents on working families, which, in turn,  threatens the vibrant hubs of Latino, Black, and Asian culture  throughout my district, potentially stripping these neighborhoods of  their character that made them so unique and desirable to live in in  the first place.   Our affordable housing crisis has left more than 400,000 households  in the city of Los Angeles and 900,00 in L.A. County in what they call  a precarious housing situation. A precarious housing situation means  that the dwelling is substandard, families are doubled up, or they  spend more than half their income on housing.   That is 1.3 million people in precarious housing situations,  teetering on the edge of homelessness, one bad day away from losing the  roof over their head. That is on top of 58,000 homeless individuals in  Los Angeles County.   Simply put, the affordability crisis in California threatens our  State's great legacy to provide economic opportunity for all.   In Los Angeles, we have seen that, when we target our resources to  help specific populations, we get results and we save lives. In 2015,  L.A. City housed more than 15,000 people, including 2,600 veterans and  2,800 chronically homeless people, more than any other city in the  country.   Despite the historic housing shortage and a staggering mental health  crisis, my city has proven that policymakers can tackle this problem if  we have a coordinated effort at the State, local, and Federal levels.   L.A. is stepping up. So is the State of California. L.A. passed  measure HHH, which is $1.2 billion to help individuals who are  homeless. The California State Legislature passed 15 housing bills and  a $4 billion bond to be on the ballot in 2018.   But we can't do it on our own, and we don't need the Federal  Government to undermine our efforts by undermining their role and  responsibility at the Federal level. Unfortunately, our Republican-led  Federal Government doesn't believe in being a good partner and doesn't  believe in combating unaffordable housing and homelessness. They have  chosen to starve vital agencies like Housing and Urban Development and  zero out funding for agencies such as the Interagency Council on  Homelessness.   Cities like L.A. and States like California need responsible Federal  partners to tackle issues like homelessness so they can make tough  choices and make sure we have a housing situation that serves all  people. That starts with actual Federal investment in projects and  programs that help people, not just the rich. That is why the  Republican tax cut plan is such a sham and deserves to go back to  whatever dark corner of Republican dogma it came from.   As it stands right now, the Republican tax plan would cut the  production of affordable housing in half by eliminating multifamily,  tax-exempt housing bonds. It would also repeal the 4 percent tax credit  and provisions authorizing the use of tax-exempt private activity  bonds. Taken together, these provisions account for 50 percent of all  affordable housing production and would make our affordable housing  crisis even worse.   Republicans in Congress only claim to care about giving States the  power to pursue their own policies. It would be great if their actions  matched their words and they actually worked with our great cities and  States to address important problems instead of making them worse.   I ask for all of you to consider that any tax plan not exacerbate the  housing crisis in our country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Espaillat for leading this  important Special Order.   