 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, advances in technology have given us the  opportunity to increase access and streamline processes for veterans  not only in the First District and across Michigan, but across the  country. That said, we must ensure that technology is an asset and not  an added burden to veterans, as it has been within the VA.   The Department of Veterans Affairs IT landscape has been the primary  topic of hearings within the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, due to  its ever-expanding modernization timeline for outdated systems and lack  of interoperability within and outside the Department.   The solution is undisputed. The VA must modernize its IT systems or  continue to face uphill struggles in timely claims and appeals  processing, community care, scheduling, and financial management.   Earlier this week, the House Veterans' Affairs Committee received an  update from Secretary Shulkin that shows a continued lack of planning  and implementation of its data center optimization program, an issue  which was initially pointed out by the GAO during a hearing back in  February.   With all this in mind, I was understandably troubled when I saw the  underlying bill provided $52 million less for IT development and  modernization than last year's appropriation.   I understand that cuts need to be made, and that this bill aims to  address other issues plaguing the VA, but it is imperative I make this  point to the chairman and the ranking member.   Our veterans deserve immediate access to care and timely adjudication  of their disability claims from an efficient, effective Department of  Veterans Affairs. This simply cannot happen until the VA addresses the  woeful state of its IT systems.   I ask that the chairman, the ranking member, and the rest of the  House Veterans' Affairs Committee work with me to address this issue  going forward.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time, and I withdraw my  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to  the Make America Secure Appropriations Act bill. My amendment simply  adds $1 million to the U.S. Corps of Engineers' investigations account  to assist with projects across the country that the Army Corps is in  charge of overseeing.   Projects like modernizing the Soo Locks, the lock system located in  my district in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan which connects Lake  Superior to the lower part of the Great Lakes through the St. Marys  River.   This is a project that has been around for a long time on the books.  Projects like this that have more than 4,500 vessels and 80 million  tons of cargo moving through the Soo Locks each year, this lock system  plays a critical role in the transport of raw materials and other goods  through the Great Lakes region to ports around the entire country.   And currently, the construction of a new lock, which is integral not  only to my district, but the entire United States, is caught in a mire  of uncertainty, and it all comes down to one thing: funding.   I think it is appropriate that we are considering this amendment in  the context of making America secure because it might be a surprise to  some to learn that modernizing the Soo Locks is a matter of national  security.   A recent Department of Homeland Security report has made clear that  an unexpected interruption to the Poe--the largest lock in the system-- would have disastrous economic impacts across the Nation, to include a  $1.1 trillion fall in national gross domestic product and a spike in  national unemployment to a rate of 11.3 percent.   Again, this is the Department of Homeland Security saying this. And  while Congress has authorized the construction of a new lock twice now  over several years, the Soo has been tied up  [[Page H6426]]  in economic reevaluations and studies that have ultimately kept  Congress and the Corps from spending the necessary funds to complete  the project.   This amendment sends a message to the Army Corps and reminds Congress  that projects like the Soo Locks modernization must be a priority.   During a time when infrastructure projects and national security are  at the forefront of our policy conversations, projects like the Soo  Locks should not be delayed because of funding uncertainty or limits to  the Army Corps of Engineers' ability to do its due diligence in  conducting the studies.   I also wanted to take a minute and thank the chairman for working  with me and understanding how significant and important the Soo Locks  modernization and projects like this around the country are to our  economy and our national security.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Idaho.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   