 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Goodlatte and the Judiciary  Committee for their thorough work on this bill. I would also like to  express my appreciation to the broad group of stakeholders who have  helped to shape, improve, and support this commonsense and consumer- centric legislation.   As Congress, once again, faces the preeminent task of repairing our  Nation's healthcare system, first and foremost, we must establish the  proper foundation for a competitive and consumer-driven health  insurance marketplace that empowers patients.   The Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017 will restore the  application of Federal antitrust laws to health insurance and infuse  much-needed competition and transparency to the industry. Ending the  special-interest exemption is the essential first step to broader  healthcare reform. Popular cost-reducing reform priorities, such as  selling insurance across State lines and developing diverse, consumer- driven plans, are predicated on the robust competitive markets this  bill will enable.   As a healthcare provider for more than 25 years, I understand  firsthand the importance of a competitive and dynamic health insurance  market. Patients, doctors, and hospitals alike benefit when health  insurers compete to provide a variety of quality coverage options.   It is apparent that after 70 years, McCarran-Ferguson, the broad- stroked exemption created by Congress in the 1940s, was not wise. Over  decades, and expeditiously since the passage of ObamaCare in 2009, the  health insurance market has devolved into one of the least transparent  and most anticompetitive industries in the United States. These  antiquated exemptions are no longer necessary for health insurance.  There is no reason in law, policy, or logic for the industry to have  special exemptions that are different from all other businesses in the  United States.   The interpretation of antitrust law has narrowed dramatically over  the decades. Many of the practices which insurers say they need this  exemption to do, such as analyzing historical loss data, have proven to  be permissible by the Federal Trade Commission and the courts over the  decades since McCarran-Ferguson was passed.   This narrowing of scope has resulted in a law whose efficacy and  usefulness long since expired. Yet, the shell of this zombie law lurks  to scare off potential, legitimate legal challenges from States,  patients, and providers. These entities do not have the tools, money,  or manpower to challenge these monopolies in court or head-on in the  current market. Only the Federal Government, with its resources, can  enforce the laws which rebalance the playing field of interstate  commerce fairly.   I would like to stress the point that this legislation does not  affect any other type of insurance other than health insurance. The  language of the bill was carefully and deliberately drafted to exclude  other areas of insurance, such as life insurance, property and casualty  insurance, and excepted benefits like disability income insurance. In  short, the legislation before the House today does not repeal the  McCarran-Ferguson Act for life insurance, annuities, property and  casualty insurance, disability income insurance, and long-term care  insurance.   The broad stakeholders of healthcare professionals, insurance  providers, and consumer protection groups support this narrow and  important scope of the language. I am open to efforts to strengthen the  narrow and deliberate scope of this legislation going forward should  the need and opportunity arise.   Repeal of this specific section of the McCarran-Ferguson Act, which  applies only to health insurance, has strong bipartisan support. As  labeled earlier, in the 111th Congress, it passed by a vote of 406-19  and passed the Republican-led House in the 112th Congress by a voice  vote. Similar legislation has been introduced by multiple Democratic  Members of the House, and the text of my bill has been included in the  Republican Study Committee's healthcare reform bill for the last four  Congresses in a row.   The passage of the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act into law  is an important first step towards increasing competition in health  insurance markets and will assist with setting the foundation for real,  competitive, and patient-centered healthcare reform.   At the end of the day, you can tell a lot about a bill by who  supports it. H.R. 372 has the support of the healthcare professionals  that actually provide care to patients, including doctors, dentists,  surgeons, pharmacists, chiropractors, optometrists, and others. This  key law, by liberating, liberates the insurance industry and doctors  and empowers the patients. Doctors will see and insurance will see that  the patient is empowered for new opportunities. Things that we can't  even imagine today will exist through competition. It is the American  way.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the members of the committee  for their work on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this  bill.   