 Mr. President, it is hard to argue that ObamaCare is not a  failing law. Seven years after it became law, its laundry list of  problems continues to grow: higher premiums, higher deductibles,  customers losing healthcare plans, patients losing doctors, fewer  choices, failed co-ops, unraveling exchanges. And, unfortunately,  without action, that list will only get longer and the consequences  will only become more severe. Republicans know that. Democrats know  that. Unfortunately, many Americans know it firsthand.   The American people deserve better, and they rightly expect us to  act. That  [[Page S3635]]  is why choosing to watch from the sidelines as ObamaCare fails is not  an option.   To say that ObamaCare has created significant problems for the  American people is an understatement. That is why Senate Republicans  are working to fix the mess created by ObamaCare to provide real  solutions to this failed law. We want to save the millions of hard- working families who are trapped by ObamaCare's taxes and mandates.   Average annual individual market premiums have increased by $2,928-- an increase of 105 percent--since 2013 in the 39 States that use  healthcare.gov. And 62 percent of States using healthcare.gov,  including my home State of South Dakota, saw premiums double between  2013 and 2017. We will help stabilize these collapsing insurance  markets that have left millions of Americans with little or no options.   Today, one in three counties has only one insurer on its ObamaCare  exchange. According to CMS, 47 counties nationwide are projected to  have no insurers, which means Americans in these counties could be  without coverage on the exchanges for 2018. As many as 1,200 counties-- nearly 40 percent of counties nationwide--could have only one issuer in  2018. It is hard to argue that you have a market, that you have  competition, when you have one option. That is 40 percent of the  counties in America in 2018.   We will improve the affordability of healthcare by eliminating the  ObamaCare taxes and mandates that are causing premiums to increase the  most. These taxes and mandates have cost the American economy $1  trillion--a cost that was ultimately incurred by patients in the form  of higher costs and larger tax bills. Reversing these taxes will  provide millions of American families and businesses with much needed  tax relief.   We will also preserve access to care for individuals with preexisting  conditions. There has been a lot of debate and misinformation, I might  add, about this issue over the past few months. In the Senate, we will  ensure that individuals with preexisting conditions continue to have  access to the care they depend upon.   We will also safeguard Medicaid by giving States more flexibility,  while ensuring that those who rely on this program will not have the  rug pulled out from under them. States should have the flexibility to  design and operate Medicaid programs in a fiscally responsible way and  not be stymied by the Federal Government.   Making these critical reforms to Medicaid will empower States with  the tools they need to implement healthcare programs that best meet  their residents' needs.   We must also ensure that those Americans who already rely on this  program will not be left in the lurch. Republicans recognize our  responsibility to make sure that Medicaid continues to provide quality  care for these vulnerable citizens. We will balance the needs of the  individuals who have Medicaid coverage, while ensuring sustainability  of the Medicaid Program.   Finally, we will free the American people from the onerous ObamaCare  mandates that, in some cases, forced them to purchase insurance they  don't want or can't afford. These mandates have resulted in burdensome  taxes that have been levied against most small businesses and the  American people. The Republican healthcare plan will revoke these  burdensome mandates and put the American people--not Washington--back  in charge of their healthcare. This will be a huge leap in the right  direction for hard-working families and small businesses.   Reforming America's healthcare system isn't easy, but that doesn't  mean we shouldn't try. We have spent years--literally years--debating  this issue, and we have had lots of ideas along the way. Now it is time  to take action.   The core principles of the Republican healthcare plan are as follows:  helping to stabilize collapsing insurance markets; improving the  affordability of health insurance; preserving access to care for those  with preexisting conditions; safeguarding Medicaid for those who need  it the most; and freeing the American people from onerous ObamaCare  mandates.   Without meaningful action, ObamaCare's problems aren't going  anywhere. Without action, the individual market will continue to  collapse, and more and more Americans will be without insurance  options. Without action, Americans will continue to experience rising  healthcare costs because of the law's costly taxes and mandates.  Without action, States will continue to be hamstrung by Medicaid's  bureaucracy, and we will not be able to put this critical program on a  more sustainable path for the folks who need it the most. Without  action, the ``Washington knows best'' approach to healthcare will live  on.   We cannot let that happen, which is why we plan to deliver patient- centered healthcare reforms that lower costs and increase access to  care for the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   