 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York, my  friend, the ranking member, for yielding.   I rise in support of H.R. 1164, the Taylor Force Act.   Mr. Speaker, the pursuit of a negotiated two-state solution to end  the Israeli-Palestinian conflict requires a commitment to peace, but it  is impossible for the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate that  commitment to peace while paying terrorists for attacks on innocent  civilians. But that is the reality today, and that is what this bill  seeks to end.   Under current Palestinian law, the PA pays salaries to terrorists and  their families more money for worse crimes, typically well exceeding  the mean salary for Palestinian workers. If a terrorist is sentenced to  life in prison for a horrific attack that kills Israeli citizens, he  will get a four-times higher monthly salary than if he had been  sentenced to only a couple of years in prison for a lesser attack. This  is blatant incentive to terrorism; the same type of terrorism that we  have seen tear through buses, shopping malls, nightclubs, and places of  worship around the world.   In March of last year, during a surge of deadly stabbings, shootings,  and car rammings in Israel, we saw the consequences of this incitement  and incentive to terror.   Taylor Force, a 28-year-old American tourist, a West Point graduate  and then-Vanderbilt graduate student, who  [[Page H9651]]  had fought in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, was stabbed to death on  a promenade in Jaffa by a young Palestinian terrorist.   Taylor, by all accounts, was loved and humble. He enjoyed playing the  guitar. He was an Eagle Scout and an Army veteran. His father described  him as an all-American kid who made sure that everyone around him felt  good. A friend of his in Nashville said simply: He made people better.   But rather than unambiguously condemn this attack against innocent  civilians, as any responsible government would do, the PA instead has  rewarded these types of attacks by paying more than $1 billion to  convicted terrorists over the past decade.   It is the job of the Palestinian Authority, like any responsible  government, to deliver services to its people, including welfare to  those who need it most, like a grieving widow who suddenly has to take  care of her family without the breadwinner. But this is not welfare.   The current law essentially tells Palestinians: If you tragically die  in a car accident, your family gets nothing; but if you die driving  your car into a group of Israeli civilians, your family will be taken  care of for life.   That is not welfare. That is incentive to terror. It is pay for slay,  and it must end.   I am proud of the bipartisan manner in which today's bill was  crafted, and it is carefully written in a way that targets only those  funds that directly benefit the Palestinian Authority, thereby creating  real incentives for the PA to end this practice without damaging the  vital U.S. investments in humanitarian assistance and grassroots  people-to-people programs that are essential to achieving our overall  objective of peace.   Taylor Force served our country to advance and protect peace. His  life was taken by terrorists seeking to undermine peace.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    It is our duty to call on the PA to end this indefensible  practice of rewarding terror and to demonstrate a real commitment to  peace, a peace where Israel can live safely and securely as a Jewish  and democratic state next to a Palestinian state that does not seek its  destruction.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation honors Taylor Force's name and memory  by stopping an abhorrent practice. In his name, and in the name of  peace, the PA must end these payments to terrorists, and I urge my  colleagues to support this effort to make them stop.   