 Mr. President, I rise today to speak once again on the so- called Affordable Care Act and the ongoing effort to repeal and  replace. We all know the House of Representatives has produced a repeal  and replace package, and both the Ways and Means and Energy and  Commerce Committees have been marking it up. We don't know what it is  right now. In other words, the endeavor to right the wrongs of  ObamaCare is moving steadily forward on the other side of the Capitol,  and soon it will be the Senate's turn to act. I commend my colleagues  for introducing this legislation and moving it forward. This is an  important step, and I don't think I am alone when I say that I am  watching the progress in the House very carefully to see how things  proceed and what the final House product will look like.   Of course, virtually all Republicans in Congress want to repeal and  replace ObamaCare. We are in unison there. While there are some  differences of opinion on how best to do that, there is generally  unanimity on that point. I am confident that whatever differences exist  among House Members will be worked out through the House's legislative  process.   In addition, whatever passes in the House will be subject to the  input and review of the Senate and to the rules of the budget  reconciliation process. I want to note that I have heard from a number  of Senators who have items they would like to see included when the  bill comes before the Senate. I actually have several ideas of my own.  However, there are limits as to what we can do under the budget  reconciliation rule. Many of the proposed policy changes I have heard,  although they have merit, would be banned by the rules and subject to  the 60-vote threshold. That said, I am committed to working with my  colleagues on both sides of the floor to ensure that the  [[Page S1731]]  Senate process on this bill is productive and that it yields a result  we can support.   Long story short: This process is far from over. We have a lot more  work to do. It is worth pointing out that the vast majority of the  policies at play in this discussion and virtually all of the spending  fall under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Senate Finance Committee,  which I chair. Make no mistake. The Finance Committee is already hard  at work and has been for some time. In many respects, I suppose you  could say we have been working on this effort since the day ObamaCare  was signed into law. However, for obvious reasons, our work has  intensified over the past several months.    In working through this process, I have been in constant contact with  Chairmen Brady and Walden, who head up the relevant committees in the  House. I have also been working closely with the Speaker's office, and  I have been gathering input from Governors around the country. In  addition, I have been working closely with the distinguished chairman  of the Senate Budget Committee, Senator Enzi, who has the chief  responsibility of navigating the budget process and shepherding a final  repeal-and-replace bill through all the necessary rules and  restrictions.   In all of those conversations, we have been talking about the  process, and we have been talking about the timing. Most importantly,  we have been talking about the substance of the healthcare reforms and  how we can best serve the interests of the American people.   Throughout this effort, we have been reminded that Republicans  currently control the White House and both Chambers in Congress due, in  large part, to our stated commitment to repeal and replace ObamaCare,  and we intend to deliver on that promise.   I would like to take a few minutes to talk about some of the policies  we will need to tackle as we take up the House healthcare bill in the  coming weeks.   Once again, the vast majority of the policies and virtually all of  the spending involved in this effort fall under the Finance Committee's  exclusive jurisdiction, and I intend to make sure all of my colleagues  are well informed on the issues and that in the end whatever version of  the bill we pass in the Senate reflects the collective will of a  majority of Senators.   All told, there are five major policy areas that are addressed in the  House bill that fall under the Finance Committee's purview.   First, there are the provisions to repeal the ObamaCare taxes. This  is big. If one recalls, I came to the floor a few weeks ago and pointed  out how misguided it would be, in my view, to start picking and sorting  through the ObamaCare taxes to decide which to keep and which to leave  in place. The House bill repeals them, along with the individual and  employer mandates, both of which reside in the Tax Code. I have been  working with Chairman Brady on this issue. In the end, I believe the  Senate version of the bill should do the same, and I am going to  continue to push to ensure it does.   Second, there is the issue of premium tax credits. Chairman Brady and  I have been working extensively on this issue as well. The House bill  replaces the ObamaCare premium subsidies with a refundable tax credit  for the purpose of State-approved health insurance, limited to those  who do not qualify for other governmental healthcare programs and who  have not been offered insurance benefits from their employers. Most  major ObamaCare replacement proposals that we have seen contain some  version of health insurance tax credits. The House approach represents  a significant improvement over the ObamaCare premium subsidies. The  Senate, when it takes up the bill, will have to consider how best to  implement the tax credits. I will continue to work with my House and  Senate colleagues to ensure that the tax credits are designed to help  those lower and middle-income Americans who are the most in need.   Third, there are the issues surrounding Medicaid. Chairman Walden and  his predecessor, Chairman Upton, and I have been working extensively on  this matter. As we know, the vast majority of the newly insured people  who the proponents of ObamaCare have cited as proof that the system is  working have been covered by the expanded Medicaid Program.   The problem, of course, is that the Affordable Care Act did not do  anything to improve Medicaid, which was already absurdly expensive for  States, and ultimately unsustainable, not to mention the fact that it  provides substandard healthcare coverage.   The House bill draws down the ObamaCare Medicaid expansion and makes  a number of significant changes to the underlying program. Most  notably, it establishes per capita caps on Federal Medicaid spending,  which are intended to give States more flexibility and predictability  while also controlling Federal outlays related to the program.   We have received substantial input on this matter from Governors  around the country, and virtually all of them agree changes need to be  made. Given these concerns and the sheer vastness of the Medicaid  Program under ObamaCare, the Senate will have to tackle this issue when  it takes up the budget reconciliation legislation in the next few  weeks.   I am confident that in working with my colleagues in the House and  Senate and with the Governors, we can find the right solution.    Fourth, there is the issue of savings accounts for healthcare costs.  I have long been an advocate for the expanded use of HSAs and FSAs.  Needless to say, I was particularly opposed to the ObamaCare provisions  that limited the use of these savings accounts and essentially  marginalized their usefulness for consumers and patients.   The House bill removes a number of restrictions on these accounts  that have been imposed by ObamaCare, and it goes further to remove  longstanding restrictions on HSAs in order to expand their use and give  patients and consumers more options to pay for health expenses.   I am very supportive of this approach. In fact, the language from the  House bill mirrors the legislation I introduced this year--the Health  Savings Act of 2017.   Fifth, there are some important transition issues that need to be  addressed.   To get at these issues, the House bill creates a Patient and State  Stability Program, under the Social Security Act, that would distribute  $100 billion to States over 10 years to enhance flexibility for States  in how they manage healthcare for their high-risk and low-income  populations.   For example, the funds could be used to, among other things, help  individuals with cost-sharing. This program was proposed with the idea  of giving States an expanded role in the healthcare system, a goal that  is shared by most Republicans in Congress and something that almost all  of the Governors have told us they want to see.   There are other issues from the House bill in the broader healthcare  debate that will demand some attention when we consider the bill in the  Senate. However, almost all of them fall under these general  categories. Once again, the vast majority of them fall under the sole  jurisdiction of the Senate Finance Committee, the primary committee.   There are other critical issues out there which do not involve the  Tax Code, the Social Security Act, or Federal health programs. Yet they  are extremely important.   The biggest mistake made by those who drafted ObamaCare and forced it  through Congress was their failure to address healthcare costs in any  meaningful way. After all, cost is the largest barrier preventing  people from obtaining health insurance coverage, and the increasing  healthcare costs are among the most prominent factors leading to wage  stagnation for U.S. workers. Yet ObamaCare did little to address this  problem, and in fact it has made things worse.   If we are going to fully keep our promises to the American people  with regard to ObamaCare, we are going to have to eventually address  these issues. After all, most people's negative interaction with the  Affordable Care Act has come in the form of increased healthcare costs.  If we are going to truly right all of ObamaCare's wrongs, we need to  tackle the costs head on.   This will mean, among other things, fixing the draconian regulatory  regime in our health insurance markets and giving individuals the  ability to select only the coverage they want and need.  [[Page S1732]]  Many of these types of issues fall far outside of the Finance  Committee's jurisdiction and are under the watchful eye of the  distinguished chairman of the Senate HELP Committee.   The House bill also includes some provisions that are intended to  address these concerns. I assume our distinguished colleague running  the HELP Committee is working tirelessly to address the issues, and  others, both through the reconciliation exercise or some alternative  means.   Ultimately, if our goal is to place the healthcare system in a better  position than it has been under ObamaCare, costs will have to factor  heavily into the equation. I am looking forward to receiving guidance  and leadership on the HELP Committee on these important market reform  issues.   Overall, I believe we can and will be successful in this endeavor to  fix our broken healthcare system. The American people are counting on  us to do so. At the end of the day, success in that endeavor is, in my  view, going to require a robust Senate process that allows this Chamber  to work its will.   We have two Chambers in Congress for a reason. The House  reconciliation bill needs 218 votes to pass. The Senate will also have  to act when we receive the bill, and we will need to produce a package  that can get at least 51 votes in this Chamber and hopefully more. That  may mean some differences between the Senate and the House versions of  the bill, but that is not problematic in my view. It is not  particularly novel or unusual for different views and ideas to be  resolved through the legislative process rather than simply dissipating  when a bill is introduced. It seems to me that is not novel, and I am  not the only one who has this view.   Earlier this week, Secretary Price sent a letter to the chairmen of  the House Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce Committees. The letter  commended the chairmen for their work and praised the legislation they  unveiled to repeal and replace ObamaCare.    The Secretary also noted that this was not the end of the process but  that the introduction of the House bill was a ``necessary and important  first step'' and that the administration anticipated that the Congress  would be ``making necessary technical and appropriate changes'' to get  a final bill to the President that he can sign, which reminds us of the  other important advocate in this endeavor. President Trump ultimately  needs to support the bill that is passed by each Chamber of Congress,  and his support for our efforts is paramount.   While, at this point, it may not be entirely clear what the final  bill will look like, we do know two things for certain. First, we know  that ObamaCare is not working. As the majority leader said yesterday,  ObamaCare is a direct attack on the American middle class. Thanks to  skyrocketing premiums, shrinking options in the health insurance  market, burdensome mandates, and harmful taxes, millions of Americans  are dealing with the failures of ObamaCare on a daily basis. We need to  act now to fix these problems.   Second, we know that by introducing its bill and moving it through  the legislative process, the House has taken significant steps in  advancing this effort, and the leaders in the House should be commended  for doing so.   Long story short, I have nothing but praise for the leaders in the  House this week for the work they have done on these issues. Remember,  this is just the beginning. I look forward to working with my  colleagues in both Chambers to get this over the finish line so the  Republicans can collectively make good on our promises with regard to  ObamaCare.   