 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Strange). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to talk about the healthcare bill  the House of Representatives passed and is currently being considered  behind closed doors by my Republican colleagues.   I travel around greater Minnesota all the time, and when the  Republicans' healthcare plan first came out, I traveled to rural  Minnesota to meet with rural hospitals, nursing home providers, and  constituents to hear how this bill would impact their lives and  communities. They are upset and they are frankly scared.   In Perham, MN, I heard from a woman who was in tears, not knowing  where her mother would go if the Republican plan passed and she lost  her nursing home coverage. This woman and her husband work full time,  but together they cannot afford the around-the-clock care her mother  needs.   Later, at a nursing home in Moorhead--that is in Minnesota across the  river from Fargo--I also heard from a resident, Chrysann, who said this  new plan wasn't about taking care of people but about ``survival of the  fittest.'' The hospitals and nursing home administrators I met with  said the financial blow they would receive would cause them to cut  services and in some cases even close their doors.   What I heard, and the real panic that I saw, is a far cry from what  President Trump promised this past January when he said: ``We're going  to have insurance for everybody.'' He went on to say it would be ``much  less expensive and much better.''   Versions of these promises keep coming from President Trump, his  Cabinet, and from his allies in Congress--coverage for more people, at  lower costs, with better quality. Those things all sound great, things  that might help people like Chrysann, but the fact is, the Republican  bill does the exact opposite. It takes coverage away from people, it  drives up costs, and it makes coverage worse. In other words, the GOP  is selling this healthcare bill on false pretenses.   Today I would like to explain how the Republican bill betrays each  one of these three fundamental promises, and let's take them one by  one. We can start by the number of people who will be covered.  President Trump promised that everyone would have insurance, but an  analysis of an earlier version of the healthcare bill--the first  iteration of this, which is actually not as bad as this one--an earlier  version analysis conducted by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office found that under current law the House Republican plan would  leave 24 million fewer people with health insurance by 2026. That means  by 2026, nearly 1 in 5 Americans under the age of 65 would be  uninsured, compared to just over 1 in 10 today.   One particular way the Republican bill cuts coverage is by gutting  Medicaid, a program that covers more than 60 percent of all nursing  home residents nationwide, covers kids with disabilities, and benefits  nearly 70 million Americans. The Republican plan ends Medicaid  expansion. It fundamentally undermines the structure of the Medicaid  Program and cuts the program's budget by as much as one-quarter over 10  years, a more than $800 billion cut.   On May 7, journalist Jake Tapper of CNN asked Health and Human  Services Secretary Tom Price whether the hundreds of billions of  proposed cuts would result in millions of Americans not getting  Medicaid. Secretary Price responded: ``Absolutely not.'' Well, that is  absolutely false. When I say ``absolutely,'' I mean that literally.   It doesn't take an expert to know that if you take funding away from  this program, which provides health coverage for millions of Americans,  the program will suffer, and the human beings who rely on Medicaid will  suffer as well. Specifically, according to the  [[Page S3087]]  Congressional Budget Office, 14 million of those 24 million people who  will lose coverage under the Republican bill would lose their health  insurance because of cuts to Medicaid. ``Absolutely not,'' says the  Secretary of HHS.   It is bad enough to push a bill that will take away care from  millions who need it; it is extra galling to be so fundamentally  dishonest about it in the process. Look, the Affordable Care Act is far  from perfect and we have problems that need to be fixed, but let's step  back and review how far we have come because of the ACA. Since it came  into effect, about 20 million Americans have gained health insurance  coverage, producing the lowest uninsured rate in the history of this  country.   In Minnesota, the number of uninsured dropped by nearly half, with  people in rural areas seeing the largest gain in coverage. As a result,  we have eliminated the gap in coverage between rural and urban  Minnesotans. These coverage gains have increased access to vital health  services, including access to treatment for mental illness and  substance use disorders, but the Republican healthcare plan throws all  of these gains into jeopardy, which is particularly troubling given  that the country is still in the midst of battling a devastating opioid  and heroin epidemic. Researchers estimate that 2.8 million Americans  with substance use disorders will lose some or all of their insurance  coverage under the ACA repeal.   Let's be clear. People will lose coverage as a result of the proposed  Medicaid cuts; people will lose coverage because of the proposed  insurance reforms; and tens of millions of more people will be  uninsured and without care in the Republican plan than under current  law.   Let's move on to the second point; the assertion that is repeated  constantly by President Trump and by others that their bill brings down  costs. In his Rose Garden celebration after the Republican health care  bill passed the House--not after signing it into law but sort of an  unprecedented Rose Garden celebration after merely the House passed the  bill--President Trump said: ``As far as I am concerned your premiums  they are going to start to come down.''   When Secretary Price was asked, again by Jake Tapper, if he stands by  the President's statement, he responded: ``Absolutely.''   On an earlier date, Secretary Price actually said: ``Nobody will be  worse off financially'' under the Republican plan.   This is just blatantly wrong. Republicans are actively sabotaging the  individual market, needlessly driving up premiums in the short term,  and in the long term what they are doing will result in exorbitant  premium hikes for older, sicker people--so much so that CBO estimates  some will eventually drop out of the market altogether.   Let me explain. For years, Republicans have taken deliberate steps to  sabotage the individual market. First, Senator Rubio ran through a  last-minute change to the 2015 spending bill that undercut the Risk  Corridor Program. The Risk Corridor Program, which was modeled after a  similar program in the Medicare Part D Program, was included as part of  the ACA to offset high costs incurred by insurers as they took on new  enrollees in the early years of the ACA.   Here is how it worked. The Federal Government would make payments to  health plans that enrolled a group of people who were sicker than  expected and had higher healthcare costs than the insurer predicted  when it set its premiums. On the flip side, the Federal Government  would receive payments from health plans that enrolled a group of  people who were healthier than expected and needed less care. By  limiting losses incurred by insurers, the Risk Corridor Program was  designed to help make premiums more affordable for individuals and  families who bought coverage on the exchange. Senator Rubio's provision  undercut all of this. It severely curtailed the payments that could be  made under the Risk Corridor Program, which meant that premiums soared  and health insurers left the market.   For example, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota lost about $220  million between 2014 and 2016 under the weakened Risk Corridor Program,  which the CEO told me in a meeting late last spring was a huge setback  for the company. I was dismayed but not surprised when I heard, shortly  after our meeting, that the company was leaving the individual market,  which affected coverage for more than 100,000 Minnesotans and  contributed to average premium increases of 36 to 67 percent in  Minnesota's individual market in 2017.   Insurers across the country faced similar destabilizing losses, but  that is not all. On top of that, for months, President Trump has been  doing his part to sow uncertainty by repeatedly arguing that the  individual market is in a death spiral. For example, on May 4, in  response to Aetna's exit from the individual market in Virginia in  2018, President Trump shouted on Twitter: ``Death spiral!'' This is  similar to his post on March 13 in which he said: ``ObamaCare is  imploding. It's a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by  far!'' But he is wrong.    Even the CBO noted in one of its scores that barring any significant  changes, the individual market would probably be stable in most areas.  This confirms what other research has found, which is that this year  markets were starting to stabilize, which led Standard & Poor's to  issue a report last December predicting that 2017 could see ``continued  improvement, with more insurers getting close to breakeven or better.''   But this didn't faze President Trump or any of the Republicans.  Instead, they seem to have used these reports as a guidebook on what  changes are necessary to actually cause the individual market to  collapse. For example, President Trump has been playing games with  payments that are due to insurance companies that reduce out-of-pocket  costs for working families. On numerous occasions, he has threatened to  stop these payments altogether, but in practice, he has been holding  these payments hostage on a month-to-month basis to push forward other  insidious reforms. Just yesterday, his administration announced that it  would seek another short-term delay in the House's lawsuit, which aims  to stop these payments permanently. These games are driving up the  premiums for families and rattling health insurance markets.   Lastly, the administration has stopped enforcing the individual  mandate. As a result, we are seeing enrollment in the individual  markets stall for the first time since 2010, and if this results in  younger, healthier people dropping their coverage, we could see prices  rise dramatically for those left behind.   That is right. President Trump and the Republicans are actively  attacking the insurance markets, causing premiums to go up. So if these  markets falter and consumers suffer, it is because of what Republicans  are doing right now and have been doing for years to undermine the  individual market.   Still, you will often hear Republicans talk about the need to reduce  costs. They even claim that their proposed healthcare plan would lower  premiums in the long run. For millions of Americans, that is not true,  but the reasons why it is untrue are slightly complicated. It goes to  the CBO report for the Republican healthcare plan.   The March 13 CBO score says that average premiums for single people  in the individual market would be 15 to 20 percent higher than under  current law--than under the current ACA--in the first 2 years of its  implementation. But it does say that they would be roughly 10 percent  lower in 2026 under the House bill than they would be under current  law.   At first blush, this sounds like prices would be coming down for  people, right? That is certainly what the Republican leadership wants  you to think. That day, House Speaker Ryan stated: ``This report  confirms that the American Health Care Act will lower premiums and  improve access to quality, affordable care.'' House Majority Leader  Kevin McCarthy got more specific. He said: ``After 10 years, premiums  will be 10 percent lower than under ObamaCare.'' But Speaker Ryan and  Majority Leader McCarthy are being deliberately misleading. One of the  reasons that average costs go down is that the price for some people  would go up so much that they couldn't afford any insurance at all. If  the people facing the most expensive insurance  [[Page S3088]]  simply dropped out of the market, sure, average costs go down.   Here is how this works: Under the Republican plan, insurers would be  able to charge older enrollees five times more than younger ones, which  would dramatically increase premiums for people aged 50 to 64 years old  while decreasing premiums for younger people. Meanwhile, the tax  credits that help older Americans afford their premiums would be  drastically slashed. The result is that, especially for older people of  modest means, coverage would become unaffordable, so they disappear  from the market. If only younger, healthier people can buy insurance,  average premiums go down, but you have actually made the system much  worse and much more expensive for the people who really need it.   But that is not all. The Republican plan would also allow States to  waive crucial protections for patients with preexisting conditions,  which means that in those States, we could go back to something like  the old days when insurance companies could charge people with  preexisting conditions much more--potentially as much as $25,000 more  for their coverage, as estimated by the AARP.   Republicans are quick to point out that their bill maintains a  requirement that insurance companies have to offer plans to everyone,  but it abandons the principle that the plans must be affordable, and an  unaffordable plan does people about as much good as no plan at all.   If you are young, if you have no preexisting condition, it might be  true that your premiums will go down under the Republican plan. But for  millions of Americans, though, if the Republican bill passes, insurance  costs are going to go up. For many people, they will go up so high that  they will be out of reach.   That brings me to the third claim the Republicans are peddling--that  their plan will result in higher quality coverage. In fact, Republicans  want to open the door to junk insurance.   In defending the House Republican plan, Secretary Price recently  stated that the plan allows ``for every single person to get the access  to the kind of coverage that they want.'' We have heard this before.  This is a code for allowing insurers to offer garbage insurance plans  that offer skimpy benefit packages and impose much higher deductibles  and cost sharing on consumers.   Under the Affordable Care Act, you cannot sell junk plans on the  insurance exchanges. Plans have to cover the essential health benefits.  This is key. Under the ACA, plans have to cover the essential health  benefits--10 key categories of benefits such as prescription drugs,  maternity care, and mental health services. On top of that, the law  prohibits insurers from imposing annual or lifetime limits on these  essential health benefits. The goal is to make sure that when people  get sick or if they have a preexisting condition, they don't go broke  getting the care they need because of fine print in their health  insurance plan.    The Republican bill would allow States to eliminate these essential  health benefits. Consumers would be left with plans that leave them up  a creek if they actually get sick. And plans for people who are sick-- the price of those plans will go sky high. No one would call that  ``better care,'' which is why Republicans aren't really being straight  about it. What they call ``flexibility'' is actually just the removal  of consumer protections.   To review, the Republican plan covers fewer people, costs too many  people more--in many cases, much, much more--and provides worse  coverage, and it is being sold by misleading people on each of these  points.   It is not as though there aren't ways to cover more people, reduce  costs, and provide better coverage. You could do a public option, for  example. You could reduce prescription drug costs--an issue on which I  recently introduced a comprehensive bill. You could improve coverage by  increasing the number of healthcare providers in rural areas, as I  proposed last year in my rural health bill. But the Republican plan  does none of these things, which raises the question: What does it do?  Why would anyone take the time to propose such a terrible bill? The  answer is this: It gives a giant tax cut to the wealthy. That is the  real point of this bill. It is not a healthcare bill; it is a ``take  healthcare away from people who need it and use the money to give a tax  break to the rich'' bill.   As Chrysann in Moorhead, MN, said, it is about ``survival of the  fittest.''   The average tax savings for the 400 richest Americans under the  Republican plan is $7 million each--again, $7 million each. For  households earning $1 million or more a year, it is more than $50,000  apiece, each year. But for households earning $50,000 a year, which is  about the median income in the United States, the tax cut is next to  nothing, or you could even face a tax increase. There are tax cuts  specifically for insurance company CEOs. There are tax cuts  specifically for drug companies. There is nothing comparable for the  middle class. And all of those tax cuts are paid for by cutting  healthcare programs that keep people alive, by cutting off funding that  lets seniors age with dignity, and by cutting services for kids with  disabilities.   This bill would take us back in time and roll back our progress. It  is up to us here in the Senate to stop that from happening. This bill  is literally sickening. It is vicious, it is cruel, and it should never  be passed into law. I urge my Republican colleagues to walk away from  this cruel effort and work with us to actually improve healthcare for  Americans. And I urge everyone considering this bill to be straight  with the American people about exactly what it is that this bill will  do to them.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   