 Mr. President, I thank the Presiding Officer for  presiding today.   I thank the Senator from Illinois, Dick Durbin, for organizing all of  us this afternoon to speak on behalf of these Dreamers. His leadership  has been critical in this fight for the dignity and recognition of  hundreds of thousands of wonderful young people who know no other home  than the United States of America.   For 5 years, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals--or DACA-- Program, has created security and opportunity for young immigrants  around the country, but now the futures of some 800,000 young people-- 7,900 of them in Massachusetts--are needlessly in jeopardy because  President Trump has coldheartedly repealed DACA.   DACA has been a hugely successful program. It has provided so many  young immigrants safety, security, dignity, respect, and opportunity.  These are young people who study, who work, who live next-door to us  every single day. They are our friends, our neighbors, and our loved  ones.   I would like to speak for a few minutes about one of these DACA  beneficiaries. She is 28-year-old Paola Sanchez, who came to the United  States from Bolivia when she was 14 years old. Paola's father passed  away when she was just 8 years old. Her mother was in a wheelchair and  was unable to work. With her family facing hardship, Paola came to  America to live with an aunt and uncle in New York. There, Paola worked  in the manufacturing industry while she attended high school full time.  She often got home late at night and grabbed a few hours of sleep  before getting up to head to school to do it all over again.   In 2007, Paola graduated from high school and moved to my State of  Massachusetts, where she has lived ever since. She now works 30 hours a  week as a case manager while attending Bay State Community College full  time. She has been a model student, earning a 3.9 grade point average,  and she hopes to enter nursing school in January.   Paola has been a DACA recipient since 2013, but her current status  expires next year. This means that unless Congress acts and saves the  program, Paola and thousands like her will have to leave the United  States for countries they do not really know and no longer consider to  be home.   Paola's case, like many others, is even more difficult because she  has a 4-year-old son--a child who is an American citizen by birth and  has never known any other home than the United States.   All Paola wants is to stay here with her son, get her nursing degree,  get a good job, and give back to the country so much more than she has  been given. Instead, Paola and countless other young people and  families across the United States face uncertain futures. Instead of  going to sleep tonight knowing they will be able to live their lives in  peace and plan for the future, they are left with uncertainty,  vulnerable to deportation, and unable to work legally. This is a human  tragedy in the making. It is heartbreaking, it is unjust, and it is  just plain wrong. We should not punish these young people who have no  other home than the United States of America. We should not go back on  the word we gave when  [[Page S7856]]  we told these young people to come out of the shadows.    These Dreamers are engineers, police officers, teachers, future  nurses, and students, many in our great Massachusetts colleges and  universities. They serve bravely in our military. They are our best and  brightest and are making the most of the opportunities that the United  States has always provided to immigrant communities.   The ball is in the court of the Republican leadership in the House  and Senate. Speaker Paul Ryan and Leader Mitch McConnell can listen to  a growing chorus of their own colleagues and to business CEOs,  including those at Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, General Motors,  and to academic leaders, countless college and university presidents,  all of whom support DACA--or they can side with the forces of  intolerance and injustice.   Congress should pass the Dream Act so that people, like Paola, who  were brought here at a young age and who have served in the military or  pursued higher education can earn citizenship.   I urge everyone to listen to Dick Durbin, to listen to this chorus of  voices from around our country. Protect these 800,000 young people.  Protect them because they deserve it, and America will be the  beneficiary of these great Americans who are serving our country right  now.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield back the remainder of my time.   