 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  7--another radical attempt by House Republicans to attack women's  health and limit women's access to comprehensive care.   The real purpose of this bill is to effectively eliminate insurance  coverage for abortion services, not only for federally funded coverage,  but also for private health insurance by raising taxes on women, their  families, and small businesses.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim that this bill  just codifies the Hyde Amendment, which already prohibits federal  funding for abortion except in limited cases of rape, incest, or to  save the life of the mother, and it is already enacted each year in  appropriations.   But in reality, this bill goes much further than that. Instead of  just limiting the Hyde Amendment's reach to federal funds, this bill  would place sweeping restrictions on how women with private insurance  can spend their own private dollars when obtaining insurance coverage.   Women and their families who have insurance through the health  insurance marketplaces would no longer be entitled to premium tax  credits if the plan in which they are enrolled includes abortion  coverage. Small business employers would be prohibited from receiving  small business tax credits if the insurance provided to employees  includes abortion services.   This would mean that women would likely forgo comprehensive coverage  in order to retain the premium tax credits they need, and small  businesses may limit coverage to ensure they receive small business tax  credits. But this is the true goal for proponents of this bill: to  effectively eliminate insurance coverage for abortion.   As we speak, Republicans are actively working to dismantle the  Affordable Care Act, to restrict access to contraception, and to defund  the life-saving health care services provided by Planned Parenthood. It  seems that this bill is another page in their playbook to attack  women's health. Let me be clear: this bill isn't about ensuring federal  finds are not used for abortion--this bill is about denying women  access to coverage Republicans disagree with.   Bringing this bill to the floor only days after millions of women  throughout the country marched on behalf of issues like reproductive  rights just shows how tone-deaf House Republicans continue to be.   We should be working to protect and expand women's access to  comprehensive health care, not considering ways to deny it.   Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my  opposition to H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act.   Longstanding federal policy explicitly prohibits the use of federal  funds for abortions, except for certain narrow circumstances of rape,  incest, or severe health complications that threaten the life of the  mother.   The Affordable Care Act (ACA) maintains this ban and a federal  appeals court confirmed that no federal dollars may be used to pay for  abortion services under the law.   Far more sweeping in scope than the title implies, the No Taxpayer  Funding for Abortion Act goes well beyond codifying the Hyde Amendment  and protecting public funds.   This bill intrudes on women's reproductive autonomy and access to  health care, manipulates the tax code to put additional financial  burdens on many women and small businesses, and unnecessarily restricts  the private insurance choices available to consumers today.   The House of Representatives should be spending our time working to  improve access to health care for all Americans, instead of deceptive  legislation that interferes with a woman's ability to make personal,  private medical decisions.   I urge my colleagues to stop the relentless attacks on women's health  and vote against this damaging, unnecessary legislation.   