 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand today in  support of this bill. I have been told that this is a rookie mistake. I  understand that. We have been working 7 years to undo that rookie's  mistake. That is why we are here today. A rookie who didn't know what  he was doing, but lectured to us, told us: This is what you have to do;  and if you do this, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your health  plan, you can just stay on board, and we are going to insure millions  of you.   Nothing could be further from the truth. The big thing was you are  going to save $2,300 on your premiums. He forgot to tell everybody but  the people who were actually in that business. Incredible. Incredible.   Now, this isn't about me, and it is not about you. This is about  people. We are in the people's House. Let me just read to you a couple  letters from the people who I represent back home. By the way, out of  the seven counties I represent, five have one insurer, and the rest of  them got out because they couldn't stand to try and work under this  onerous law.   Let me tell you what Amanda says: I am very happy to hear that you  are working to repeal the Affordable Care Act. I just got an up-close- and-personal look at how dysfunctional it is while trying to shop for  my own plan. It is hard enough to start a business in this country due  to so many rules, regulations, and confounding taxes. This law makes it  even harder. And I don't think the government should make me buy  coverages I simply don't need. I know my situation, and I should be  able to buy whatever I want without incurring four-figure tax  penalties.   Jason says to me: Dear Mike, I am a self-employed father of four  feeling the hurtful effects of ObamaCare. For years there has been so  much talk from Republicans about repealing ObamaCare. I am paying yet  more money for less coverage. We are really feeling the effects of this  in my family in our budget. My kids are going to bed hungry after  dinner. We desperately need relief and now, not next year. I  enthusiastically pulled the lever for Donald Trump and for you, and we  are counting on you to make some real change in D.C. Please keep up the  fight, and do it quickly.   So this is not about Mike, it is not about John, it is not about any  of us. What it is about is taking care of the people that we were sent  here to represent. They are Republicans and they are Democrats, who  some people could care less about any of us, but they expected us to do  something for them. We are sitting here today because this law  [[Page H2429]]  is so bad. If it was so good, we wouldn't have to worry, but it is bad,  with a capital B.   Now, I have got to tell you, growing up, as a young kid, as it got  toward Christmas--and I say this to my friends, by the way, on our  side--I used to make a list right before Christmas. I put on that list  everything I wanted. You know what, Mr. Speaker? Come Christmas  morning, I never got everything I wanted, but I was so thankful for  everything I got.   We have to deliver today. We have to keep a promise today to the  American people. We have to backtrack on a rookie mistake 7 years ago  and make it better for the American people, not just for Republicans,  not just for Democrats, not just for those who vote blue or red, but  for those who expect us to do what we are supposed to do in the  people's House. This is not the Republican House or the Democrat House,  this is the people's House.   Isn't it time for all of us to come together to get this done?   We have a marvelous opportunity, but we could lose it. I ask you all  and I urge you all to please vote for this act.   