 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for his leadership on  this issue this evening and throughout this year. I also want to thank  him for the opportunity to address the House of Representatives on this  very important issue that we are dealing with right now.   Mr. Speaker, throughout my time representing the good people of  central Washington State in the U.S. Congress, constituents from across  my district, the Fourth District, have shared with me their deeply  personal stories. These are personal stories about the struggles and  the hardships that they have experienced and that they have faced since  the passage of the Affordable Care Act.   So let me just relate to you a couple of those because I think they  are very important and help illustrate exactly what it is that we are  trying to correct.   In late 2016, a gentleman from the city of Yakima wrote to me in  distress, as his insurance provider was pulling out of Yakima County.   He told me: My wife and I are losing our healthcare coverage. Our  financial lives are about to be radically changed and a literal risk to  our health is upon us. The challenge to find affordable, acceptable  healthcare insurance will be immense.   That is not unlike another story that I heard in early 2015. A young  woman from Grandview wrote to describe her dire situation being forced  on to the Affordable Care Act exchange.   She told me: I was paying $231 a month for a policy that had a $500  deductible with a $10 copay.   However, under the ACA, she said her healthcare costs have  skyrocketed.   She continues: I now pay $475 a month for a policy that has a $5,500  deductible. This is not affordable health care.   It is the middle class American who has worked hard to have a good  retirement who is being hit hard by this.  [[Page H2014]]    Another gentleman from West Richland recently pleaded that the many  middle class workers like him must not be forgotten as we repeal and  replace this broken law.   He says: Do not forget us when fixing. We liked our plan, and we lost  it.   Just last week, a farmer from Moses Lake called my office and said  that, before the ACA, he was paying less than $200 a month for a  catastrophic plan that provided coverage for his family. Now he is  forced to pay $1,000 a month with high deductibles that discourage his  family from even being able to use and access the healthcare insurance  that they are paying for.   These are just some of the many stories of the dozens, the hundreds  that I have been hearing from over the last couple of years since I  started representing the good people of central Washington.   Like I said, these are true stories, personal stories of the  struggles that people are facing on a daily basis and have pleaded with  us to take strong action to deliver them from this situation that they  find themselves in. I think it is similar across the country. As you  hear tonight from other Members speaking about their districts, you are  hearing similar stories.   So that is something that, I think, as we debate the best way to  repeal and to replace the Affordable Care Act, I am committed to  ensuring that we protect the most vulnerable.   I am also committed to providing relief for the majority of everyday,  middle class Americans who have been devastated by this misguided and  broken law.   Let me just say: I hear you, I will not forget about you, and I will  keep your stories at the forefront of my mind as we work to fix this  failed system.   