 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Goodlatte for yielding and  for his leadership on this legislation. It is an honor to serve with  him on the House Judiciary Committee. And I am grateful to  Representative King as well for producing Sarah's Law.   Today, the House of Representatives can pass a crucial piece of  legislation to codify the tenets of two of President Trump's executive  orders on immigration enforcement.   H.R. 3003, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, will finally hold  accountable States, cities, and local law enforcement agencies that  provide safe haven to criminally violent illegal immigrants by refusing  to cooperate with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.   You know what is astonishing and you know what is shocking, is that  there are jurisdictions in this country that blatantly choose to  endanger their communities by providing protection to criminals.  Passage of H.R. 3003 ensures that these communities will no longer be  given rewards for their dereliction of duty.   Importantly, this bill also contains a section entitled Sarah and  Grant's Law, which recognizes two young Americans who were murdered by  criminally violent illegal aliens who had no right to be on our  streets.   In January 2015, a 21-year-old convenience store clerk and  constituent of mine, Grant Ronnebeck, was working the graveyard shift  at QuickTrip in Mesa, Arizona. Just before 4 a.m., an illegal alien  with a long criminal record, awaiting deportation proceedings, walked  in and demanded a pack of cigarettes. When Grant tried to count the  money before handing them over, the man shot him and left him to die.   Sarah and Grant are far from the only Americans who have been  impacted by illegal immigration. In 2014, Mesa, Arizona, police officer  Brandon Mendoza was killed in a wrong-way car crash by an illegal  immigrant driving under the influence of drugs and alcohol.   Despite tragic stories like these, the Obama administration continued  to promote policies that circumvented many of our immigration laws,  allowing thousands of criminals to return to our communities. It is  time for these reckless policies to end.   H.R. 3003 specifically targets illegals who commit serious crimes by  preventing them from being released onto our streets during their  deportation proceedings.   After 8 years of policies that have placed a priority on protecting  all illegal aliens, including those who are violent criminals, over the  rights and safety of Americans, it is refreshing to have a President  who is willing to follow regular law and order. President Trump has  taken active steps to reverse the failed policies of the previous  administration.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, President Trump has taken active steps to reverse the  failed policies of the Obama administration and has been vocally  supportive of Congress' efforts to do the same.   Passing this bill is a positive step toward our duty of enforcing the  Nation's immigration laws, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  this vital piece of legislation.   