 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation to  rename the Liberty, Pennsylvania, post office after Staff Sergeant Ryan  Scott Ostrom.   Ryan was born on September 23, 1979, in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania,  where he attended Liberty High School. While in high school, Ryan  excelled in soccer, basketball, and baseball--serving as the captain  for the soccer and basketball teams.   After graduating from high school, he attended Mansfield University  and pursued a degree in education science. Ryan planned to become a  teacher and a coach to help young people become successful students,  athletes, and leaders within the community.   However, just months before Ryan was set to graduate from college,  his National Guard unit was deployed to Iraq. While serving his country  in Iraq, Ryan made the ultimate sacrifice, as he was killed in action  on August 9, 2005.   Ryan enlisted in the Pennsylvania Army National Guard in 1997,  serving with Company B, First Battalion 109th in Williamsport,  Pennsylvania. Ryan was an accomplished soldier with a bevy of previous  accomplishments and commendations.   During his time enlisted, Ryan earned a Purple Heart, Combat  Information Badge, Gold Star, Armed Service Ribbon, and numerous other  awards that gave Ryan the recognition he deserved for his heroic years  of service.   Beyond these awards, Ryan also took advantage of what the military  had to offer, graduating from the U.S. Army Europe Primary Leadership  Development Course, which furthered his ability to lead both on  deployment and in the communities about which he cared so deeply.   While Ryan will always be remembered for his valor and his years of  military service, he will also be remembered for what he brought to the  communities of which he was a part.   In his free time, Ryan could be found playing Monday night basketball  with his friends at home and was an active member of the Eagle Base  basketball team during his deployment.   Staff Sergeant Ryan Ostrom prioritized the world around him--his  country, his community, his family--all over himself. His years of  service and his record speak for themselves, but beyond that, Ryan made  a positive impact as a friend and a role model wherever he was.   He was a soldier and leader on his deployments and an active member  of the community back home in Wellsboro. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all  Members support this legislation to honor Ryan by renaming the Liberty  Post Office as the Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office.   