 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to  me.   Mr. Speaker, 10 years ago, some of America's largest financial  institutions failed, resulting in near collapse of our entire financial  system. The experience destroyed businesses, ruined  [[Page H10225]]  lives across the country, and left fear and uncertainty in its wake.   Congress set out to prevent a future crisis by requiring enhanced  supervision and regulation of some of the biggest financial  institutions in the country by passing the Dodd-Frank Act. In Dodd- Frank, Congress defined the largest financial institutions as  ``systematically important financial institutions,'' more commonly  referred to as SIFIs, those with more than $50 billion in assets.   The goal of preventing our Nation's largest financial institutions  from failing and bringing down our entire financial system is laudable.  The problem, however, is Dodd-Frank's definition of what constitutes a  SIFI: the $50 billion asset threshold. In fact, the creator of the  threshold and former chair of the Financial Services Committee, Barney  Frank, admits the threshold is arbitrary, and he supports changing the  threshold.   H.R. 3312, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act, removes the  arbitrary asset threshold and, instead, will classify the largest  financial institutions by their activities. Differentiating between  stable activities and those that could potentially threaten the  financial stability of the United States is a more accurate way to  identify and monitor risk.   Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to support this important and  appropriate policy change to ensure the continued stability of our  financial system by passing H.R. 3312.   Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I would like to engage my friend from Minnesota, if I may, before he  leaves. Would the gentleman please not leave?   Would Mr. Hensarling ask the gentleman not to leave? I want to engage  him.   I would like to engage Mr. Emmer, if he will come back, please. I  would like to engage with the gentleman for just a moment if I may.   The gentleman declines.   Is there anyone on the other side that I can talk to?   I ask Mr. Hensarling, is 39.6 arbitrary, reducing the taxes on  individuals from 39.6 to 37? What is 37? Why is it not arbitrary?   