 Mr. Speaker, due to flight delays, I was unable to speak  on the floor in support of my legislation.   The Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act is a bipartisan, no-cost,  common sense bill that will go a long way to helping resolve some of  the problems the Federal government and its haphazard policy shifts  have created for three western Oregon tribes.   The bill provides fairness for the Confederated Tribes of the Coos,  Lower Umpqua and Siuslaw, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of  Indians, and the Coquille Indian Tribe.   Provisions of this bill were passed by voice vote in both the 113th  and 114th Congresses. I hope this Congress it can finally become law.  The tribes have waited entirely too long to receive the fairness owed  to them.   For over a hundred years federal policies have unfairly disadvantaged  Indian tribes in Western Oregon. After signing many treaties with the  Tribes, the United States removed them from their original homelands  and put them on only two reservations--established to house potentially  more than 60 tribal governments.   In 1954, Congress made things even worse. All tribes west of the  Cascades lost federal recognition when the Western Oregon Termination  Act became law.   Scholars called it The Termination Era, and it was terrible federal  Indian policy. It was so bad, that it was formally rebuked by Congress  less than 30 years later.   In the 1970's, Congress began the process of restoring the Western  Oregon tribes to federal recognition and cleaning up the mess and  injustice the United States had made.   In fact, I began my Congressional career as the original sponsor of  the Coquille Restoration Act, now law, which restored one of Oregon's  terminated tribes.   Yet even today, it remains difficult for these tibes to function as  the sovereign nations they are and to govern themselves effectively.   Unlike many tribes, the Confederated Tribes of the Coos, Lower Umpqua  and Siuslaw Tribe, as well as the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of  Indians, are deprived of any land held in trust.   Unlike any other tribe in the United States, the Coquille Indian  Tribe must function under a legal anomaly with regard to managing its  forest.   The Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act makes good on decades-old  promises to restore land bases for the Coos and Cow Creek Tribes, and  it puts the Coquille Indian Tribe's forest management on equal footing  with those of other Indian tribes nationwide.   