 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to  include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, this was a sad week for our country. We saw  anger, despair, and chaos at American airports when people from all  different types of backgrounds from the Middle East were banned from  coming into the United States. We had individuals who were green card  holders who were denied entry into the United States. We had  individuals who were interpreters for our United States military, who  kept them safe in the Middle East, who were denied the right to come  into the country. It was a sad day in our country's history.   This past weekend, I took my son to an exhibit at one of the  synagogues in Fort Worth, Texas, where I live. It was an exhibit on  Jews in baseball. There was a picture of Hank Greenberg and Joe  DiMaggio. Joe DiMaggio, an American lexicon, is about as American as  you get; but, in looking at the exhibit and at the caption that was  next to it, it read, while Joe DiMaggio was fighting for our country in  World War II, the United States Government listed his parents as  ``enemy aliens.'' In revisiting that sort of sad chapter in our  history, when individuals were treated that way in our country, I think  it is very sad, Mr. Speaker.   We have a lot of Members who would like to express their discontent  at what happened. I yield to our chair, Mr. Cedric Richmond, from the  State of Louisiana, to come and address us because what we have to talk  about tonight is very serious.    I thank the chairman for his comments.   Mr. Speaker, I did not mention that we are also talking about voting  rights, which is very important on the eve of the President making the  selection for the next Supreme Court Justice of the United States.   I know, with Representative Plaskett's representing the Virgin  Islands and understanding the importance of voting rights, that that is  very significant. I yield to the gentlewoman and thank her for being a  voice in terms of refugees, immigration rights, and on the very  important issue of voting rights.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from the Garden  State of New Jersey, Mrs. Bonnie Watson Coleman, who will speak to this  House on the issues that the Congressional Black Caucus is taking up  this evening.    I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for her comments.   Now I would like to yield to the gentlewoman from the State of  Illinois (Ms. Kelly). I thank Ms. Kelly for all of her work on so many  issues that are important. I know that voting rights is particularly  important to her with her representing the Chicago suburbs and the city  of Chicago itself.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois.   I am now going to call someone who also has a really good  understanding of civil rights, voting rights in the State of Virginia,  but then also the plight of immigrants and has a deep level of empathy  because the other part of his State is very much a diverse State with  people made up from various parts of the world.   I yield to the gentleman representing the Fourth Congressional  District of Virginia, Representative Donald McEachin.    I thank the gentleman for sharing that story about his  constituent. Again, it is such a terrible and shameful time for our  country, for the world to have seen that.  [[Page H726]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Columbus, Ohio (Mrs.  Beatty).    I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio, a State that knows a  lot about voter suppression, also a very international State.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Bass)  representing Los Angeles, one of our most international cities in the  world that I am sure was impacted very greatly by what happened at  airports this weekend.    I thank Representative Bass for her commentary  representing the very international city of Los Angeles, again, a city  with many immigrants, with many people who have contributed to the  greatness and vibrancy of that city that we know as Los Angeles. I just  really do appreciate all of her input on that.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to call up to come and speak Mr. Dwight  Evans. Mr. Evans, hailing from Pennsylvania's Second Congressional  District, a State that also is very international, I am sure that your  State was heavily impacted by the travel ban that was implemented by  the Trump administration, and I believe the world needs to hear your  remarks tonight, so thank you for being here tonight to speak.   I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Evans).    I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania. And just like  the city of Philadelphia, just like the city of Los Angeles, when we  heard from Congresswoman Bass earlier, oftentimes the State of Texas is  portrayed through popular culture as not being a very international  place, but we are a very international place.   Everyone has heard of the stories how every State Legislative  Session, which one has just begun a couple of weeks ago, how Black and  Hispanic voters, in particular, in the State of Texas, are targeted so  our voting participation numbers will decrease.   Well, someone who has been in that fight to help protect Black and  Latino voters in the State of Texas to expand voting rights in the  State of Texas; and not just that, again, in pop culture, our State has  oftentimes been portrayed as one way, but a lot of people forget that  the city of Houston is the fourth largest city in the country and one  of the most international cities in the entire world, one of the  largest ballots in the entire country, printed in--I forgot exactly how  many languages. Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee can tell you that  later.   So not only are voting rights being impacted in her district, but  also I am sure that she felt the plight of many of the people who she  represents who were stuck at airports, including the Houston  International Airport, by the Muslim ban that was implemented by the  Trump administration.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman Sheila Jackson  Lee for clearing up a lot of the misconceptions that are being  purposely spread out there that this was something that was used by the  Obama administration. It absolutely was not. It is being purposely  spread on social media, and people are lying about the past and what  happened. It is completely different, and I want to thank her for  clearing that up.  [[Page H728]]    I now yield to the gentleman from Newark, New Jersey (Mr. Payne), who  is the gentleman representing the eastern coast of New Jersey.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from New  Jersey.   I now yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. Moore), who  represents a critical State, a State that some people think actually  went a certain direction in the Presidential race because of voter  suppression tactics. She represents the city of Milwaukee.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from the  State of Wisconsin.   Now I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), who is my  friend and colleague from another international part of the country,  the Oakland Bay Area.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   