 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 242, I call  up the bill (H.R. 1219) to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to  expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds  under an exemption from the definition of an investment company, and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and to submit extraneous materials on the bill under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we all know that small businesses and entrepreneurs are  the heartbeat of the American economy. Access to financial capital is  vital for entrepreneurs seeking to start up, operate, or expand their  businesses. However, gaining access to capital has remained an enduring  challenge for many small businesses.   The financial crisis and the Great Recession made the situation  worse, frankly, as capital became increasingly hard to access from  institutional banks and various capital market players. While  conditions have improved somewhat in recent years, many entrepreneurs  continue to struggle with accessing the capital they need to compete  and to grow.   In order to succeed, these companies need capital and credit, the  lifeblood for growth, expansion, and job creation. Yet the government  continues to construct arbitrary walls that cut them off from essential  financing, as smaller companies are caught in a sea of regulatory red  tape created by Washington bureaucrats.   We know that 60 percent of all net new jobs that have come into this  country, that have been created here in the United States, come from  these small businesses. They are oftentimes S corporations, LLCs, sole  proprietorships. Small companies often have such owners also be  operators. They are working alongside their fellow employees.   That 60 percent of those jobs that have been created here in the  United States isn't just a one-time blip. That is over the last 20  years, the last two decades, that we have seen that trend.   Congress has made strides in tailoring the regulatory environment for  smaller companies, no doubt, most notably when we passed, with strong  bipartisan support, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups, or JOBS, Act  in 2012. This was a bipartisan bill that was signed into law by  President Obama. The JOBS Act's benefits are notable as more and more  companies use its provisions to raise investment capital in both the  public and private markets.   The JOBS Act has raised the cap on investors in a privately held  company from 500 to 2,000 investors, but the limit on the number of  investors acting as a coordinated group to invest in a company remained  at 100, where it has been since 1940, some 77 years ago.   As noted by Kevin Laws of AngelList in his written testimony before  our Capital Markets Subcommittee: ``With online fundraising and general  solicitation becoming more common because of the JOBS Act, companies  are bumping up against the limit more frequently. The current limit . .  . now acts as a brake on the amount of money the company wanted to  raise, leaving tens of millions of dollars on the table that did not go  into startups.''   While H.R. 1219, the Supporting America's Innovators Act, a  bipartisan bill introduced by the vice chairman of our Financial  Services Committee, Representative Patrick McHenry, and Nydia Velazquez  of New York, would amend the cap currently contained in the Investment  Company Act to allow 250 investors for a ``qualified venture capital  fund,'' therefore enhancing angel investors' ability to provide  important funding to small businesses.   This bill is a very modest increase to the current exemption that has  been in place for nearly 77 years. Modernizing this cap is long overdue  and reflects today's capital markets and the reality of the  increasingly important role that angel investors and others play as  they commit the funds necessary to help small businesses grow.   The Securities and Exchange Commission, unfortunately, continues to  ignore the backlog of good ideas to spur capital formation, which is  recommended by entrepreneurs, small businesses, and market participants  from their annual SEC Government-Business Forum on Capital Formation.  This is a forum that is put together annually. They take and solicit  ideas. They want to hear from people that are in the marketplace to  figure out what ways they could go to improve that. Unfortunately, they  have not acted on  [[Page H2760]]  this, and in the SEC's absence, Congress must act to promote market  efficiency and capital formation.   I think we can all agree that we support smart regulation that  protects investors and maintains orderly and efficient markets. But  outdated, excessive, and unnecessary regulation whose costs outweigh  benefits is dumb regulation that overburdens smaller companies. Let's  provide some regulatory relief by enacting the bipartisan bill that  will ease the burdens on small businesses and job creators and help  foster capital formation and get Americans back to work.   Mr. Speaker, I would also like to note, in a hearing that we had on  this bill last Congress, it passed our committee 52-2, including the  ranking member voting for it. There were no dissenting minority views  that were offered, and no amendments were offered at the Rules  Committee on this. We have got a lot of consensus. I believe this is  the right thing to do to move forward.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. McHenry), our vice chairman and the sponsor of this  bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Chabot), the chairman of the Committee on Small Business here  in the House of Representatives and a strong supporter of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Hultgren), the vice chairman of our Subcommittee on  Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Maine (Mr. Poliquin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hill).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Emmer).    Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to the balance of time  each side has left?    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Davidson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Hollingsworth), a new member of our Financial Services  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume  to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hensarling), chairman of the Financial  Services Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, as I close on this very important bill that we have  been talking about, H.R. 1219, I just want to say congratulations to  our sponsors, Congressman McHenry and Congresswoman Velazquez, for  their leadership on this, as well as my Capital Markets, Securities,  and Investments Subcommittee ranking member, Representative Maloney,  for working together to advance this commonsense bill.   As was pointed out by both the chairman and the ranking member, there  is strong bipartisan consensus that this bill is a winner for the  American people. Some people today, as they tee off the Masters, we  might say it is a 6-inch putt for the American people knowing that this  is good for them and good for the economy.   I want to encourage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to support this bill, H.R. 1219.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   