 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Darrell Issa, the  cosponsor of this bill and the cosponsor of the original FITARA; and my  good friend from Oklahoma (Mr. Russell) for his able management today.   The Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act, or FITARA,  was enacted 3 years ago. It represented the first major reform of the  laws governing the procurement and management of Federal IT since the  Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996.   FITARA is the framework for IT procurement and ensures the Federal  Government is making smart and effective investments to modernize its  IT, which is badly needed.   It has seven pillars:   First, it enhances CIO authorities, responsibilities, and  accountability.   Second, it enhances transparency and improves risk management by  requiring detailed information on investments to be published on the IT  dashboard.   Third, we increased the frequency of portfolio reviews from annual to  quarterly and included key decisionmakers from the agency and OMB to  not only look for ways to increase efficiency, but to eliminate  duplication.   Fourth, we built on the Federal data center consolidation effort to  push agencies to realize big savings from this low-hanging fruit.   Fifth, people. Recognizing that Federal IT success is only as good as  the people behind it, FITARA calls for expanding the training and use  of IT professionals.   Sixth, FITARA seeks to maximize new tools like the Federal Strategic  Sourcing Initiative, taking a page from the private sector to reduce  duplicative spending on common purchases and off-the-shelf items.   Finally, FITARA advances a government software purchasing program to  allow for purchasing licensing agreements that can be made available  for use by all Federal agencies.   FITARA is a rubric for IT procurement that, hopefully, someday  enables initiatives like the Modernizing Government Technology Act to  build on our success of improving how the government acquires and  modernizes IT.   When the stakeholders met on Federal IT from government agencies and  industry, both Mr. Issa and I constantly were reminded of why previous  major IT reform efforts had fallen short of their potential: the lack  of robust implementation plan and congressional oversight.   As Mr. Russell indicated quite clearly, in that latter regard, we  have robust oversight, and it will continue.   One of the things we had in FITARA were some sunset provisions, in  the hope and expectation that, by having that, we would encourage  cooperation and implementation. That cooperation and implementation is  uneven throughout the Federal Government.   The GAO, or Government Accountability Office, recommended that we  have this bill to extend those sunset provisions to buy a little bit  more time to get with the program for those Federal agencies.   So that is what this bill does, but it builds on FITARA, which is the  framework for IT procurement and modernization.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill.   