 Mr. President, I rise to speak on the stream protection  rule. One of the first things we learn as kids is that if you make a  mess, you are responsible to clean it up. It is good manners, but it is  also a matter of ethics. It is about doing the right thing. This is the  spirit, this is the idea behind the stream protection rule. It simply  tells coal companies doing mountaintop mining that they need to clean  up their mess if they make a mess. It seems pretty common sense to me.   Opponents of this rule argue that this is somehow an unfair burden on  coal companies because coal is doing poorly in the emergency markets.  Opponents seem to want to say that asking companies to be responsible  to clean up whatever mess may have been made makes it harder for them  to compete.   The truth is, coal is having a very difficult time in energy markets,  but it is not because they are being required to clean up after  themselves. It is because other energy resources are becoming cheaper.  Solar is cheaper now than ever. The natural gas revolution is now in  competition with coal. It is very difficult to get a new coal-fired  powerplant on line. It may be even more difficult to recapitalize an  old one. So coal is struggling, but the reason is not the stream  protection rule.   There is another aspect of this, which is, since when is there no  cost to doing business? Since when are any companies allowed to come  in, pollute, and then walk away without doing anything about it? If you  hired a contractor to work on your house and they left a pile of  materials in your kitchen, you wouldn't say: Well, that is just the  cost of doing business. You would say: Clean up the mess. That is part  of the job.   There is no question that coal mining is a tough business, but it  also can sometimes be a messy business. That is a simple fact. If we  ignore the pollution that is caused, if we ignore the cost the public  bears when toxic substances are dumped without proper treatment or when  coal-fired powerplants spew carbon pollution into the atmosphere, for  that matter, we are ignoring the cost of doing business.   To be fair, we have to make sure every industry, including the coal  industry, plays by the same rules as everyone else. Up until December  of last year, some coal companies just were not playing by the same  rules. Mountaintop mining had leaked dirty water and waste into the  streams. Researchers estimate that this has destroyed 2,000 miles of  stream in the United States of America.   That destruction has a domino effect. It threatens the health of  people who depend on those streams for their drinking water, it poisons  fish, birds, plants, and it reduces the quality of life for people  across the country. That is why the stream protection rule was  established. It is there so parents don't have to worry when their kids  go play by the stream or go fishing behind their house. It is there so  ranchers don't have to worry about a nearby mine that could harm their  land, and fishermen don't have to worry if the salmon catch is poisoned  or if there are fewer fish because salmon are dying from pollution.   This rule is so communities don't have to worry that their daily  lives will be changed because a company is not being responsible and  cleaning up after itself. This may surprise some people, but the rule  will actually create jobs. People like to talk about how burdensome  regulations are, especially in the environmental space, but the truth  is, it will not lead to fewer jobs.   The Department of Interior predicted it will actually create hundreds  of jobs a year, not take them away. Most of all, it is going to have a  real positive impact on the world we live in. Over the next two  decades, researchers estimated that the stream protection rule would  protect or restore 6,000 miles of streams. That is more than the  distance between eastern Maine and my home State of Hawaii.   So if you care about protecting local water supply, if you care about  having a place for your kids to go hiking and fishing, if you care  about holding everyone to the same standard, then don't let this  bureaucratic mumbo jumbo get in the way. This rule was created to fix a  specific problem, and repealing it could effectively exempt mountaintop  coal mining from modern regulation indefinitely.   This is a very important point that has to be made about  Congressional Review Act votes. We are going to have a slew of them  over the next probably 2 or 3 months. Here is the thing about a CRA  vote because it gets rather technical. It is not just overturning a  regulation. The way the law works, is that not only is the regulation  overturned but an administration can never touch this issue again. We  can't do anything that is ``substantially similar.''   So if you want to do something about the stream protection rule, make  a law; override the rule that was just made and craft legislation. You  have a working majority in both Chambers, work with the bipartisan  group. You have four or five Democrats who voted for the CRA. Let's  legislate.   What is going to happen when the CRA vote succeeds is we are never  going to be able to touch the question of pollution from mountaintop  removal again--literally. That is how CRA works. So every time we have  a CRA vote, it is not just whether you like the particular rule and  want to overturn it, it is whether you never want to touch this subject  matter again. That is a rather serious threshold that we have to come  through.   We are going to do a lot of CRAs. I know everybody on the Republican  side is raring to go to sort of undo all the rules that were done under  the Obama administration. Fair enough. We understand. You have the  Presidency. You have both Chambers. It is certainly your prerogative to  take up all of these CRAs, but be careful because you are not going to  be able to touch these issues again. You are forfeiting your  prerogative to touch these issues again.   So for the sake of public health and in order to leave a better world  for our kids, we need to keep this rule in place.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from West Virginia.   