 Mr. President, Michigan is a State that builds things. We  invented the auto industry and created a new era of manufacturing. My  State saw the American labor movement grow and fight to deliver the 40- hour workweek and safe workplace conditions. In Michigan, we work hard,  and after a lifetime of hard work, we expect to be able to retire with  dignity.   The American dream can mean different things to different people, but  I believe there are some universal elements. We all want our children  to prosper and see more opportunity than we have had. While we all need  to have a secure retirement, we dream of passing on to the next  generation--whether it is a small business or a family farm, a home  with the mortgage paid off, or a nest egg that has been built up over  many decades. I fear this piece of the American dream--the ability to  enjoy a comfortable retirement on the strength of your lifetime  earnings--is slipping further and further away for increasing numbers  of Americans.   The measures we are considering this week, which would repeal the  Department of Labor's safe harbor for States and municipalities  developing retirement plans, would be a step backwards. Generations  ago, Congress heard the American people and agreed that it was simply  unacceptable for retired and elderly Americans to live in poverty. The  solution that followed was Social Security, perhaps the most effective  anti-poverty program ever created.   Today, we must meet that challenge once again. We must preserve and  strengthen Social Security, and I will fight for that every day that I  am here in the Senate. But a modern, comprehensive retirement policy  must be more than just a safety net. It must be a ladder to prosperity.  A ladder provides a sturdy frame to help people climb and reach new  heights, if they are willing to put forth the effort.   Unfortunately, far too many Americans lack access to private savings  plans. Traditional defined-benefit plans--the pensions our parents and  their parents relied on--are now providing historically low rates. Now,  more than ever, expanded access to defined-contribution workplace  retirement accounts is critical to our Nation's economic future.  Solving the retirement crisis is a complicated puzzle, but one of the  most important pieces is access.   Ninety percent of Americans with access to a workplace plan report  saving for retirement, while just 20 percent of those without access to  a plan say they have saved. Although this difference should be as clear  as night and day to everybody, only about half of private sector  workers have access to a 401(k) retirement plan. This leaves nearly 60  million Americans without access to a workplace plan. Make no mistake,  the numbers are clear. Workers without access are disproportionately  low-income and minority workers.   In an effort to address this sweeping problem, States and  municipalities have begun work to create their own programs to support  retirement savings programs for workers. Recognizing that States are  truly the laboratories of democracy, the Obama administration's  Department of Labor put forth policies providing safe harbors to States  moving forward with these innovative programs.   Today, instead of working on a bipartisan infrastructure package or  legislation to support American workers and small businesses, we are  debating the use of a fast-track procedure to undo these new policies  and make it harder for cities and States to help tackle the retirement  savings gap. If a State or city has a good idea that is helping  Americans--all Americans--save for retirement, I think that is great.  Why are we blocking States from creating innovative solutions? We  should allow these programs to move forward so we can help workers  responsibly save their hard-earned money. We should also allow these  programs to move forward to see what actually works. The Federal  Government certainly does not have a monopoly on good ideas, and States  and cities cannot be the laboratories of democracy if we tie their  hands. We need big ideas, we need small ideas, and, frankly, we need  good ideas so we can get to work with what we need to do to solve this  incredibly difficult problem.   A secure retirement cannot become a relic of the past. But this  foundational piece of the American dream will only be true for this  generation of workers  [[Page S2092]]  if we start working on these solutions now. As our Nation wrestles with  growing income inequality, we cannot weaken our ladders to prosperity  and pull out the rungs that help hardworking families take the next  steps upward. Solving the retirement crisis is about empowering workers  to do the right thing for their families and for their future, and  repealing these Department of Labor safe harbors will only move us in  the wrong direction.   I urge my colleagues to oppose these resolutions of disapproval.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   