 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Soto for yielding. I  also want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wittman), my friend  and colleague, for bringing this legislation forward.   I rise, 410 years after the first English settlers landed in what  became Jamestown, Virginia, to finally grant Federal recognition to  some of the Native American tribes who met those early settlers. Today,  with the passage of H.R. 984, we are recognizing the rightful status of  Virginia tribes in our national history.   It is largely a historical accident that the tribes of Virginia are  not recognized. The six tribes have treaties that predate the United  States, but because of the systematic destruction of their records,  they have been denied Federal recognition for the services that come  along with it. We are fixing this injustice today by passing H.R. 984.   Federal recognition will provide what the government has long denied:  legal protections and financial obligations. Federal recognition will  provide financial assistance for the tribes' social services, their  healthcare, their housing needs, educational opportunities, and  repatriation of the remains of their ancestors in a respectful manner.   These opportunities will allow Virginia's tribes to flourish  culturally and economically. These opportunities will lead to a better,  brighter future for the next generation. Federal recognition is an  issue I have cared deeply about since my time in the Virginia General  Assembly. I am proud and humbled to cosponsor this legislation.   We have waited too long, Mr. Speaker, to recognize Virginia tribes. I  urge my colleagues to support passage.    Mr. Speaker, earlier today, I spoke during debate on  H.R. 984, the Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal  Recognition Act of 2017.   I rise, 410 years after the first English settlers landed in what  became Jamestown, Virginia, to finally grant federal recognition to  some of the Native American tribes who met those early settlers.   Today, with passage of H.R. 984, we are recognizing the rightful  status of Virginia's tribes in our national history.   These six tribes have treaties that predate the United States but  because of the systemic destruction of their records, they have been  denied federal recognition and the services that come along with it.   We are fixing this injustice by passing H.R. 984.   Federal recognition will provide what the government has long  denied--legal protections and financial obligations.   Federal recognition will provide financial assistance for the tribes'  social services, health care and housing needs, educational  opportunities, and repatriation of the remains of their ancestors in a  respectful manner. These opportunities will allow Virginia's tribes to  flourish culturally and economically. These opportunities will lead to  a better, brighter future for the next generation.   Federal recognition is an issue I have cared about deeply since my  time in the Virginia General Assembly and I am a proud cosponsor this  legislation.   We have waited too long to recognize Virginia's tribes. I urge my  colleagues to support passage.   