 Mr. President, the American people are looking to  Congress to turn the page on healthcare and start working on bipartisan  improvements to our healthcare system. Stabilizing the individual  market is the first thing we should all focus on. The repeated attempts  to repeal and replace the healthcare law, as well as the  administration's threat to stop making the cost-sharing payments that  help keep premiums down and keep markets stable, have injected massive  uncertainty into the system.   Insurers hate nothing more than uncertainty. It drives them to jack  up the costs of premiums and to pull out of markets. Already, insurers  in three States have issued two separate sets of proposed rates for  2018--one if the administration makes the cost-sharing payments and one  if it does not. The set of proposed rates if the payments are not made  is 20 percent higher in all three States. I don't know the third, but  two of them are North Carolina and Pennsylvania, which are very  significant States. In Idaho, the State insurance commissioner said  that rates on the most popular plans would be 50 percent higher next  year because of ``the potential refusal by the Federal Government to  fund the cost share reduction mechanism.'' That comes from the State  insurance commissioner. I do not know if that is an elected position,  but whether it is elected or appointed, my guess is that he is a  Republican. They do not elect too many Democrats out there.   The administration is supposed to announce today or sometime this  week its decision on whether to make the next set of payments. The ball  is in the President's court. He can make the payments as the law  requires and needs or he can sabotage our healthcare system and impose  a Trump premium tax of 20 percent higher premiums on the American  people next year by not extending the cost-sharing program.   Why would he do this? Why would he raise people's rates? His only  stated reason is petty, is childish, is un-Presidential. He will get  back at people because his hope to repeal and replace was rejected. You  do not hurt innocent people when you lose politically. That is not  Presidential. That is not, frankly, what an adult does. The ball is in  the President's court, as I said, and let's hope he does the right  thing.   President Trump has already made it harder for Americans to afford  insurance next year by publicly rooting for our Nation's healthcare  system to collapse, injecting a baseline of uncertainty into the  system. President Trump would make things a whole lot worse by not  making the next set of payments--20 percent higher premiums, more bare  counties, even more market instability.   The American people need a President who puts their interests first,  not someone who plays political games with their healthcare. The  American people can ill afford a Trump premium tax this year, and it is  completely avoidable. All the President has to do is to make the  payments and carry out the law as he is supposed to. Afterward,  Congress should move to guarantee these payments permanently or at  least for a significant period of time.   This uncertainty caused by the President's threats has been the most  destabilizing factor in the individual market. That is not according to  Chuck Schumer or any Democrat; it is according to the insurers' largest  trade group, AHIP. The President has proved that he cannot be trusted  to faithfully execute the procedures that keep our healthcare system on  track.   The only good news here is that there are moves by people on both  sides of the aisle in this Senate to take some of this uncertainty off  the table by guaranteeing these payments in the future.   My good friends, the chairman of the HELP Committee, the senior  Senator from Tennessee, Lamar Alexander, and the ranking Democratic  member, Senator Patty Murray, have an ability to work together on many  issues. I know they are meeting almost as we speak--in 5 minutes--to  discuss how we can move forward. I spoke to Senator Alexander in the  gym, where the Presiding Officer, I want to tell his constituents, was  exercising and staying fit, too, and he seemed very eager to try to  work together to stabilize the system.    Mr. President, will my colleague yield for a brief  moment?    Mr. President, I will have a statement in support of Mr.  Wray after the Senator from Georgia finishes speaking.    I am in full support of Mr. Wray, and I thank my  colleague for the courtesy.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, shortly we will take a vote on the  nomination of Christopher Wray to be the next FBI Director.   The job of FBI Director has always been a crucial one. The  responsibility is great and so are the expectations, and the demands  facing our next FBI Director are perhaps greater than any time in our  history.   This a serious time for the FBI, and for the Nation. The firing of  Director Comey, the shifting explanations from the White House as to  why Mr. Comey was fired, and the disdain this White House has shown for  the rule of law mean that now, more than ever, the Senate has an  obligation to critically evaluate any potential FBI Director.   Now more than ever, we need an FBI Director who is independent,  impartial, fearless, and has the strength of will to occupy a job that  has been put under enormous political strain by the White House.   No doubt, Christopher Wray has been put up for a tough job. In  considering his nomination, it was important to me to take the measure  of the man and determine whether he was up to the challenge. I met with  him privately for an hour, and I closely studied his record and his  performance in his hearings.   Based on his career in public service and the commitments he made to  me in our meeting and to the Judiciary Committee in his confirmation  hearing, I believe that Christopher Wray deserves the approval of the  Senate.  [[Page S4649]]    He committed to informing the Judiciary Committee of any attempts to  interfere with Special Counsel Mueller's Russia probe and said he would  consider any attempted interference to be unacceptable and  inappropriate.   He committed to impartiality and independence, pledging that the FBI  will follow the facts, the laws, and the Constitution, without regard  to partisan political influence.   After a sterling career at the Justice Department, and based on the  recommendation of hundreds of U.S. Attorneys who have validated his  integrity, there is no reason not to believe that Mr. Wray will live up  to these commitments as Director of the FBI.   I will vote yes on his nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   Thank you.   