 Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of  the rule and the underlying legislation.   Sometimes, in order to understand what is going on in the present and  then what could happen in the future, you need to go to the past.   Let me read something from a true Irish-American President who said:   ``Our true choice is not between tax reduction, on the one hand, and  the avoidance of large Federal deficits on the other. It is  increasingly clear that no matter what party is in power, so long as  our national security needs keep rising, an economy hampered by  restrictive tax rates will never produce enough revenues to balance our  budget--just as it will never produce enough jobs or enough profits. .  . . ''   `` . . . only full employment can balance the budget, and tax  reduction can pave the way to that employment. The purpose of cutting  taxes now is not to incur a budget deficit, but to achieve the more  prosperous, expanding economy which can bring a budget surplus.''   I understand that there are differences of opinion on what we are  trying to do, but, please, let's talk about the facts. Let's talk about  a piece of legislation that is a rising tide that will lift all boats.   We are going to cut taxes for every American at every income level.  We are going to reduce taxes by almost $1,200 for every average-sized,  middle-income American family. This puts more money in the pockets of  our families. I don't care how they vote or how they registered. They  are Americans.   It reduces by almost $2,000 for every average-sized, middle-income  family in Pennsylvania's Third District. That is a $2,000 reduction for  them.   It will grow our national GDP by 3.6 percent.  [[Page H9276]]    It will increase average American wages by 3.1 percent.   In the long run, it will increase after-tax incomes for American  taxpayers by 4.4 percent.   I also want you to think about what we talk about back home where I  am from. We talk about take-home pay. ``This is my take-home pay.'' In  Pennsylvania, Pennsylvanians--Republican Pennsylvanians, Democrat  Pennsylvanians, Independents, Libertarians--are going to have about  $2,700 more in their pockets after this legislation goes through.   Let's talk about jobs. Nobody spoke better about jobs than President  Reagan when he said: It is about jobs, jobs, jobs, and more jobs. What  is good for the American worker is good for America.   This will create 1 million new American jobs.   I want you to think about this: In the United States of America, we  are now currently rated as the 23rd best country to do business in. The  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will change that. I want you to think about that.   I am a hometown guy; I am a home team guy. It is hard for me to sit  back and say that we have allowed ourselves to fall that far in the  world when people think: Where should I start that business? Twenty- third, are you kidding me? With all of the assets that we have been  given by the Lord? And to sit here today and have an argument over  something else other than that doesn't make any sense at all.   What we are trying to do with our tax plan is make sure that the  United States just doesn't participate in a global economy, it  dominates a global economy, it leads the way in a global economy, it  makes American workers stronger, it makes American families stronger,  and it allows us to rebuild our military and our infrastructure. It  allows everything good to happen.   We cannot stay with the status quo. There is so much good in this  bill for every single American. I did not say every single Republican,  I said every single American. You can bat that one back and forth and  try to make it a political story, but it is not. It is truly an  American story. America has never dodged that responsibility.   Now, let me read you one other quote, again, from an Irish-American  President, who I hold in such great esteem, and one of the greatest  people I have ever listened to. Let me read this to you. It says:   ``I do not underestimate the obstacles which the Congress will face  in enacting such legislation. No one will be satisfied. Everyone will  have his own approach, his own bill, his own reductions. A high order  of restraint and determination will be required if the `possible' is  not to wait on the `perfect.' But a nation capable of marshaling these  qualities in any dramatic threat to our security is surely capable, as  a great free society, of meeting a slower and more complex threat to  our economic vitality. This Nation can afford to reduce taxes, we can  afford a temporary deficit, but we cannot afford to do nothing. For on  the strength of our free economy rests the hope of all free nations. We  shall not fail that hope, for free men and free nations must prosper  and they must prevail.''    Think of who it is that we are. This is America's house. Yes, this is  a GOP tax plan, but it helps every single American. It is not a blue  plan or a red plan; it is a red, white, and blue plan.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    I will challenge you to go home next week  for Thanksgiving and tell people all of the positives about this, and  say: I am so sorry. I could have voted for that.   It is time now for America to rise to the challenge. As I said  earlier, we exist in a global economy. I am tired of being somebody who  happened to participate, when we have the opportunity to dominate.  Never before, in our history, have we had the chance to change the  future for every single American.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks  to the Chair, not to other Members.   