 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in the last 24 hours since I came to  the floor to talk about Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, there  has been progress but far less progress than is necessary at this  critical time of humanitarian crisis, when the people of those islands  literally face a chasm, a deepening canyon of needs and challenges.   Over the next 24 hours, over the next 24 days, over the next 24  months, this crisis must be met with a strategy, an overarching plan, a  Marshall Plan for Puerto Rico that commits the resources unequivocally  and unambiguously, making sure we match the depth of this crisis with a  magnitude of resources and commitment that is needed and deserved. That  kind of response, which has been lacking so far, is absolutely  necessary for the hope of Puerto Rico because as the threats of disease  and contaminated water increase, not to mention the lack of proper  medicine, healthcare, roads, transportation and communication, food,  water, medicine, basic necessities rise on that island, the people of  Puerto Rico will lose trust and confidence in fellow Americans that  must do more. We need to give them the hope they deserve, and that hope  has to be more than rhetoric and more than patting ourselves on the  back as the President has done. It has to be a real commitment.   In fact, there is no reason for back-patting. The response so far has  been inadequate, lacking the full attention and commitment that is  needed. It has been a story of inattention and inadequate strategy so  far to meet this deepening humanitarian crisis.   The people of Texas, Florida, and throughout the gulf coast and the  Southeast who have been affected by the storms have received the full  commitment of America. It is what we owe our fellow Americans. That  same commitment is owed to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. We saw  an immediate disaster response there that must also be devoted to  Puerto Rico. The emergency aid and full funding made to the victims of  those storms in the gulf coast and Florida must be given to Puerto  Rico, and I am hopeful that a relief bill will be fashioned this week.    I am also hopeful that the financial control board that has  responsibility for Puerto Rico's internal finances can be given the  flexibility and that the Government of Puerto Rico will be given the  flexibility that is needed to deal with this disaster--nothing less  than a full court press, a full plan and strategy, and a plan that  directly addresses the needs of Puerto Rico in so many areas.   On transportation, what is the plan to ensure that basic goods can  move from one end of the island to another? Right now the roads are  unusable. By  [[Page S6176]]  all accounts, getting things across the island by road is impossible.  Radar and navigation systems at the airports are down. The  transportation mechanism of the island is literally ripped apart. So  potable water, food, and fuel are impossible to move where they need to  go. That state of affairs is inadequate and unacceptable in America in  2017.   Electricity and power are disrupted across the island. What will be  done to restore power and electricity throughout the island? What will  be done to make sure that diesel is available there and in the Virgin  Islands? Many of the machines essential for lifesaving at the hospitals  cannot be powered by generators alone. That state of affairs is  inadequate and unacceptable in America in 2017.   All five of the hospitals in Arecibo, one of Puerto Rico's largest  cities, are without power. Many other hospitals are shuttered as well.  Clinics are closed.   Mosquito-borne diseases are a real and present danger. Deadly  ailments in contaminated food and water may cause serious and possibly  deadly diseases. As these diseases spread, what is the plan to stop  this kind of inadequacy? It is unacceptable in America in 2017.   As to communications, or the basic ability to talk to each other, to  reassure each other, and to know what is going on with relatives and  loved ones and friends--no wonder that angst and alarm are spreading  beyond Puerto Rico to Connecticut, where those relatives and friends  live now--this kind of lack of communication is unacceptable in America  in 2017. What is the plan to correct it?   On public safety, looting and theft are becoming more prevalent. As  the days drag on, law and order will deteriorate unless public safety  is addressed more effectively.   There is another kind of challenge. A dam that is about to burst and  could cause havoc in surrounding areas is a clear and present safety  danger that illustrates again the weakness of Puerto Rico's  infrastructure.   Towns throughout the island have suffered severe flooding. So housing  and basic shelter are inadequate. What is the plan to rebuild?   Payment for medicines cannot be made unless cash is available, and  the lack of electricity means that the ATM machines are not working. If  there is no cash for residents to buy basic goods, including food and  water, how does the administration plan to solve this problem? This  kind of inadequacy is unacceptable in America in 2017.   Rebuilding will require a long-term commitment. It will require a  plan and a strategy, not just over the next 24 hours or 24 days but 24  months and longer. It must deal with a financial situation that is a  storm of its own.   As I described it yesterday, this storm is not a natural disaster. It  is a manmade disaster, the result of healthcare and tax programs that  are beyond any fault of the people of Puerto Rico. It is not of their  doing.   Vast swaths of resources have been swept away in Puerto Rico,  including many of the attractions important for Puerto Rico's tourist  industry. The same is true, for example, on the island of St. John in  the Virgin Islands. Tourism is a key component of Puerto Rico's  economy. It may take years and possibly decades to restore. What is the  long-term plan? What is the strategy for Puerto Rico and for the Virgin  Islands? There needs to be a kind of Marshall Plan for rebuilding  because the devastating damage done is no less than what Europe  suffered as a result of World War II. We have an obligation--certainly,  no less than rebuilding our European allies--to restore and rebuild  Puerto Rico.   All of these natural disasters and the financial manmade storm come  as Puerto Rico continues to endure the struggles of its internal  financial commitments that are necessary for the lifeblood of the  economy. Jobs and economic progress must be the end goal.   With so many questions about the President's plan or lack of plan, I  am struck by the need for this body and this Congress to take the  initiative. I think we will need to begin action, begin hearings, and  begin a process of building a plan if the administration fails to  present it.   I believe, too, that we share so much with the island of Puerto Rico  in people who have come to Connecticut and other parts of the country  that we will find a ready and enthusiastic audience and support for  such an effort.   In the past 2 days, after silence through much of it about Puerto  Rico, the President seemed to blame the island itself, its financial  struggle, other storms, and even the size of the ocean. There should be  no excuses. There must be a call to action.   I thank the Coast Guard, our military, the first responders, the  rescuers, and relief organizations--from Americares to the Red Cross to  Save the Children--that have devoted so much and given so much in these  times of crisis. They have been stretched thin. They have performed  with courage and generosity and so have the donors who have come  forward in Connecticut and around the country. People are calling my  office asking what they can do for the people of Florida and the gulf  coast and Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. They are all fellow  Americans, and we owe it to them to do more and do better to make sure  that we keep faith with our fellow Americans.   I thank you, Mr. President, for the opportunity to talk about this  subject.   