 Madam President, I am not going to get into a lot of the  things that Senator Durbin got into about increasing the lifespan of  Medicare or issues that revolve around folks who get charged more just  because they are a woman. But I do want to approach this health care  debate from a standpoint of how it is going to impact rural America  because it is going to impact rural America in a huge way.   Before I start my prepared remarks, I just want to say something. For  the last 6 years, I have listened to folks stand on this floor and talk  about repealing health care, repealing health care, repealing health  care. Now the folks on the other side of the aisle can do it if they  want. But for the last 6 years, I have never seen a plan to replace the  Affordable Care Act, and I  [[Page S227]]  still haven't seen a plan. I am going to tell you that if we repeal  this bill without a plan to replace it, we will have big, big problems  in this country. And if we repeal this bill without a plan that  increases accessibility and affordability across this Nation in urban  and rural and frontier areas, we will have big, big problems.   I have been visiting for the last--well, it has been over a year but,  more specifically, since the election, with folks across rural America  on the impacts of repealing this health care bill. These are folks who  work to feed our country, farmers and ranchers. These are folks who  work with their hands to manufacture products that have that ``Made in  the USA'' stamp on it. These are folks who teach our children, who help  keep our families safe, who operate retail businesses on Main Street.  These folks, in my opinion, are the backbone of this country.   I am proud to be a product of that rural America, hailing from a town  with a population today of about 600 people, so I am not here talking  about what is going on in Chicago or L.A. or New York or any of the  other big cities. I am going to talk to you about communities where you  know your neighbor; communities where you are driving down the street,  and you see that pickup, and you know who is in that pickup; folks who,  when you go down to the local grocery store, you know their first name.  These are towns where often the hospital is the largest employer and it  is the only source of health care, that foundation that keeps families  healthy.   I am here to talk to you about how this Affordable Care Act has been  so important to those families in rural areas in States like mine. By  the way, all of Montana is rural.   Today, more Montanans have health insurance than ever before. That is  undeniable. Folks are no longer denied coverage by insurance companies  because they have preexisting conditions like diabetes nor are they  forced to pay higher premiums because they have common ailments like  high blood pressure. Children are able to stay on their parents'  insurance policies for a time until they finish their college career or  launch lives of their own. Folks who have life-threatening diseases  like cancer can now finish the treatments without hitting an arbitrary  cap and being kicked off their insurance plan. Now they are required to  be able to stay on it. And seniors can get out of the prescription drug  doughnut hole faster, which was costing them millions of dollars each  and every year. In fact, since the ACA was signed into law, Montana  seniors alone have saved $56 million in prescription drug costs and  there is enough money in the bank, as I said in my opening, to keep  Medicare above water through 2028.   These reforms have made incredible impacts on people in rural  America. But don't just take my word for it; listen to everyday  Montanans. I have been traveling across that State, hearing their  stories, hearing their struggles, hearing their successes.   Just this weekend, a man stood up at a public forum I was hosting in  Missoula and talked about how the ACA saved his life. He told me that  he had a heart attack the previous week. He was home and started having  some chest pains. He picked up the phone, called his doctor--a doctor  who he had, thanks to the insurance he received under the ACA.   Luckily, he survived his heart attack, was able to get the treatment  he needed, and was able to come to my roundtable that I had in  Missoula. He told me: I know myself, if I did not have insurance, and I  could not afford to get it without the ACA, I would not have called the  doctor, and I would have died. As pointedly as that, he would have  died.   I have traveled around Montana. I have found that this story is not  unique. I can take you to a coffee shop in Havre--population 8 to  10,000--where seniors have told me that they no longer have to choose  between prescription drugs and heating their homes.   I can take you to the grocery store in Great Falls, where a man came  up to me and said: ``I finally have peace of mind that I won't lose my  home if I get sick.''   Or I can introduce you to my best friend growing up in Big Sandy, who  now lives in Seattle, who no longer can be denied coverage due to the  fact that he has diabetes, a preexisting condition.   These are real success stories and real-life impacts across Montana  and across this country. But rather than build on the successes of the  ACA and fix the problems with the ACA, there are folks in this body who  want a full-scale repeal, ignoring any of the progress that we have  made.   They want to go back to the old health care system. And here is what  that would look like in Montana: 152,000 Montanans with preexisting  conditions will be at risk of losing their health care plans; 61,000  Montanans enrolled in Medicaid--just in the last year because that is  when the Medicaid expansion actually went into effect--will lose their  health care coverage. Montana seniors will lose help paying for their  prescription drugs. Insurers will be allowed to subject every Montanan  to lifetime and annual caps on their coverage. And women will lose  important protections that prevent them from being charged more for  coverage than men.   It doesn't stop there, folks. Their plan to repeal health care  coverage without presenting a replacement doesn't just impact families.  It will wreak damage on our rural hospitals and clinics too.   I will tell you that if we lose these hospitals and clinics--and we  all know how rural America is drying up--it is another nail in the  coffin of rural America. Folks will not be able to live there if they  are over the age of 50 because they will have no access to health care.   The Affordable Care Act has provided rural hospitals and clinics a  level of certainty that, quite frankly, they have never had before.  Every day in rural communities, folks rely on their local hospitals and  clinics for everything from basic checkups to emergency treatments. I  know. And as folks age, they have the peace of mind to know that they  can visit their hometown provider without being forced to travel long  distances.   But if folks in Congress take us back to the old health care system,  they put these local hospitals and clinics at extreme risk.   Take Mineral County in Superior, MT. The county is home to just over  4,000 people--not a lot by national standards but a lot by Montana  standards--nurses, schoolteachers, construction workers, all folks who  want reliable access to affordable care. According to the Mineral  County Hospital CEO, a repeal of the ACA would mean a real loss to that  community. The hospital would be probably shutting its doors.   Without a hospital in that community, folks would be forced to travel  over 100 miles to deliver their baby or take an expensive air ambulance  ride, which is a whole other problem, for emergencies that come down  the pike, like a broken arm. And if I am a new parent or senior, I will  not be taking that risk. I am going to be moving closer to a hospital.  But there are a lot of folks who can't afford to leave their homes--in  some cases, homesteads, where their families have lived for  generations--to move somewhere closer to medical care.   I can tell you that in my small community, there are a lot of folks,  who, when they hit age 65, have to move to a bigger town to be able to  have access to the kind of specialty care they need. You can move that  age down to age 50 if we lose these hospitals in these rural areas.  These rural hospitals not only keep patients alive; they keep  communities alive too. A repeal of the ACA--I am told by the  hospitals--would kill those rural hospitals which, as I said before,  would be another nail in the coffin of rural America.   Let's take, for example, the Billings Clinic, which is Montana's  largest health care provider. They are responsible for innovating and  providing critical resources to rural areas through things like  telemedicine. But the Billings Clinic will not be able to make this  large-scale impact anymore if their patients are no longer able to pay  their medical bills because they lost their access to Medicaid, cost- free preventive care, or insurance from the marketplace. Repealing the  ACA will restrict their ability to provide quality care and jeopardize  their standing as a pillar in Montana.   It is not just hospitals either. It is community health centers  serving over  [[Page S228]]  100,000 Montanans every year, fully one-tenth of our population. They  are at risk of losing 70 percent of their Federal funding.   Let me repeat: If health care progress is repealed, the community  health centers in Montana will be at risk of losing 70 percent of their  Federal funding. These devastating impacts are not unique to Montana,  but this is how it is going to play out across this country in rural  areas with hospitals and clinics--more uncompensated care, more trips  to the emergency room without insurance, more hospitals facing the grim  reality of having to close their doors.   Oftentimes I wonder if it really matters to Congress. It looks as if  they intend to go through with their plan, which will have devastating  impacts on the patients, and, by the way, it will have devastating  impacts on their taxpayers.   Repealing this health care coverage without a replacement will add an  additional $350 billion--$350 billion--to the deficit and the debt over  the next 10 years, and this budget resolution will saddle the next  generation with an additional $9 trillion in debt over the next decade.   You know, it is amazing. When I came to this body, there were folks  talking about the debt all the time. In the last 2 years, I have heard  little talk about the debt. With the exception of Rand Paul, everyone  who was supposedly a deficit hawk voted to increase our deficit and  debt by $9 trillion over the next decade. This would push our total  national debt to nearly $30 trillion by year 2026. I stand with Rand  Paul on this one. Hamstringing the next generation with additional debt  is unacceptable, especially when you are taking away their health care  coverage to boot.   As folks try to jam this bill through Congress, I have barely heard a  peep about this increase to the deficit. Oh, my, how times have  changed.   The folks who are normally card-carrying Members of fiscal restraint  are now swiping the credit card of the next generation. I dare those  Members to go back home and tell their neighbors that you are going to  take away their health coverage, and, oh, by the way, you are going to  add about $9 trillion to the debt too. Try to do that with a straight  face.   I will be the first to tell you that the ACA isn't perfect. I have  heard that also in my travels across Montana. Costs have gone up.  Premiums are rising. Many hard-working middle-class families cannot  afford health care. That is unacceptable. So we ought to do something  about that.   Let's tackle rising premiums. Let's hold health insurance and drug  companies accountable. Let's put patients before profits. But I am  telling you, repealing all the progress we have made will not do that.  We need to build on the successes we have had in the last few years,  not tear them down.   Members of this body, quite frankly, this is not just a debate about  health care. It is a debate about our economy, our growing deficit, the  foundation of our rural communities.   The folks in this Congress who are pushing to repeal without a  replacement will kick families off their health insurance, close down  rural hospitals and clinics, and add $9 trillion to the debt if they  succeed.   Rather than go down this dangerous path, I have a suggestion. Let's  roll up our sleeves and work in a bipartisan manner to increase access  and affordability, to lower the cost of care, to bring down  prescription drug prices. I will tell you, I am willing to work with  anyone: Republican, Democrat, Independent, Libertarian, whoever wants  to have a serious conversation about improving our Nation's health care  system. But I am not going to allow folks in this body to take us back  to the old days, the days when our friends and families couldn't afford  to get sick.    Members of the Senate, it really is time to listen to what is going  on, on the ground. We have an opportunity to build on the progress we  have made, and work towards a bipartisan solution that will work for  the backbone of this country, the folks in rural America.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, the Flake amendment is going to really  result in less access for veterans across this country.   The VA already has some hiring challenges due to a severe national  shortage of medical personnel. This amendment is going to set the VA  back even further.   I will tell you why. It is going to prohibit the VA from hiring any  medical professional who has ever had their license or credentials  suspended. That means if it was done by administrative error, with that  suspension, they wouldn't be able to be hired. If it got lost in the  mail, they wouldn't be able to be hired. If they moved States and  forgot to fill out the paperwork, those medical professionals wouldn't  be able to be hired.   It is really going to undermine the VA's ability to attract some of  the most topnotch medical professionals and take care of our veterans.   We have a medical workforce shortage in Montana. I am sure they do in  Arizona. Why would we make the VA a less attractive place to work? Why  would we want to do this? I would encourage a ``no'' vote.    Mr. President, today I offer an amendment on behalf of  the Nation's more than 21 million veterans and the more than 100,000  veterans who reside in the State of Montana. As I travel across my  State, I hear from veterans who say: We don't want the VA privatized.  As I talk to my friends on both sides of the aisle, they talk about the  fact that we do not want the VA privatized.   Here is an amendment you can vote for; in fact, it should pass by  unanimous consent. What it does is bring a budget point of order  against any provision that would limit the veterans' ability to choose  VA health care. It is as simple as that. It needs to happen so we don't  privatize the VA. The veterans I talk to, once they get through the  door, love the care the VA provides them. I would encourage a ``yes''  vote on this amendment.    Mr. President, I would contend that it is germane, but I  will not debate that now. Pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional  Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b)(2) of that act for  purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam Clerk, how am I recorded?    On behalf of the 69 hospitals in Montana--   --I vote no.   