 Mr. President, my home State of Arkansas lost one of its  great statesmen last week with the passing of former State Senator  Stanley Russ.   Stanley was a man of the soil. Born in Conway, he grew up on a dairy  farm just outside the city. He went through the public school system  and earned a degree in agriculture from the University of Arkansas.  Although he spent the bulk of his career in the life insurance  business, over the years he continued to raise cattle. Even when he was  an old man, you could find him clearing brush on the road to his house.  That is how we thought of him--always keeping busy, always working, and  always in touch with the needs of the land and its people.   As a veteran, I have to say that one of the things I most admired  about Stanley Russ was his military service. He served in the Army for  2 years, completed Officer Candidate School, and became an instructor  in artillery. After being discharged, he served as a company commander  in the Arkansas National Guard for several years. In 1995, Stanley was  inducted into the U.S. Field Artillery OCS Hall of Fame at Ft. Sill,  OK.   His true calling in life was public service. Stanley represented  Conway for 26 years in the Arkansas State Senate. More impressive than  his lengthy tenure was his unimpeachable integrity. Stanley Russ was  universally known as good, sturdy stock. The story is often told that  during his first campaign, one of his opponents had some of his poll  watchers thrown in jail. But Stanley won the race anyway and went on to  pass legislation protecting the rights of all poll watchers. He served  in the senate with distinction, championing quality education for all  of Arkansas' students and eventually rising to the office of president  pro tempore.  [[Page S242]]    Stanley Russ was a model for all of us in public service. I got to  know Stanley well in my first campaign. He remained a friend and  trusted source of advice and support until he passed away.   I have heard Stanley died peacefully, surrounded by his loving family  as his granddaughter sang the hymn, ``Great is Thy Faithfulness.'' In  his words, he considered himself ``greatly blessed, highly favored,  imperfect, but a forgiven child of the King.''   But perhaps the best summing up was given by the man who now holds  his seat, State Senator Jason Rapert. As Senator Rapert put it, Stanley  Russ was ``the kind of man that God made only one time.''   As I stand on the Senate floor, I wish to say on behalf of our  grateful State: Stanley Russ, rest in peace.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Mississippi.   