 Mr. President, I thank my senior colleague from Oregon  for his leadership in this debate on these important tax provisions.  There is so much at stake here for the future of our society as we have  been debating what we see as one provision after another that is  designed to make the richest Americans richer while increasing the  taxes on some 87 million middle-class Americans. Then, we get this  nice, little list. Republicans have given the lobbyists a list of 30  special interest provisions, circulated it, and said: This is what we  are going to put in our managers' amendment for all of you.   My colleague from South Carolina was speaking a moment ago about one  that hasn't even been filed--life insurance provisions. What is that?  Maybe my colleague would like to come to the floor and explain it and  explain why this is being circulated to lobbyists, to the swamp,  instead of to the Members of the U.S. Senate. Thirty of these  provisions--who knows what all is in this. Isn't there any form of  transparency or integrity left in this Chamber in terms of legislative  debate? Have the American people had a chance to see this list? It is  online now. The few who might be listening in might be able to see  these titles, but this is not the way to do business in the U.S.  Senate. This is not the way to do the people's business. This is the  way to do the swamp's business.   What happened to clearing the swamp? What happened to that? How is it  that the richest Americans are making out like bandits rather than the  middle class doing well under this bill? Why is that? Why are there  billions of dollars going to the richest Americans by eliminating the  alternative minimum tax? Why are there hundreds of billions of dollars  going in other provisions, including changing the upper limit tax  brackets, including the passthroughs for affluent, highly successful  LLCs? How about that?   What is this list, and why haven't the American people seen all of  the details about it? This type of chicanery is inappropriate. Take and  give the list to the Members of the Senate, not to K Street. This close  partnership between the Republican majority and K Street, filling them  in, doing those special favors, and not even filling in the body here  so we can have a conversation about each of these items, this is  absolutely a horrific way to do business. This is the way the powerful  and the privilege want business to be done. My Republican colleagues  are working with them hand in hand instead of working for and by the  American people.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Oregon. I would  like him to know that I will only take about 5 minutes because I want  to make sure my colleagues can speak during this period.   I am rising now to ask the senior Senator from Texas to come and  explain his amendment that has been incorporated in the package. This,  I believe, earlier was his amendment No. 1715, and we are hearing that  1712 was included as well. This is something that might be  characterized as the Wall Street welfare amendment. We are not sure  exactly how it works. We are not sure exactly how much it costs. But  that is not the point. If you are going to stick something into the  underlying bill to benefit very powerful groups like Apollo and  Carlisle and Blackstone, you don't just airdrop it in at the last  second, this provision for the most powerful. Come to the floor, lay  out the details, and defend your amendment and why it should be  included in this bill.   Our basic understanding is that it enables publicly traded  partnerships to be able to have their funds pass through so there is no  corporate tax since they benefit from a lower rate for those  passthroughs. But we have only had a few seconds to look at it. What  does it really do? What does it really cost? I ask the Senator to come  to the floor and explain all of the details. The American people have a  right to know what you are sticking in this bill. Explain your Wall  Street welfare amendment and why we should support it or not.  [[Page S7686]]    We have $4 trillion going to the richest Americans. Four trillion? We  keep hearing about a $1.5 trillion deficit. Oh, yes, but there is lot  more here, so let's just see what it is.   There is the reduction in the corporate tax rate, which we all know  goes to the richest Americans who hold all the stocks. That is $1.3  trillion.   We have repeal of the alternative minimum tax. That is $770 billion.   We have the passthrough for high-end LLCs--not for low-end LLCs but  for high-end LLCs--$362 billion.   We have three provisions for multinationals, a deduction for foreign  dividends, a deduction for foreign intangibles, and the transfers for  intellectual properties, totaling $313 billion.   We have an elimination of the estate tax to benefit the richest 0.2  percent. Out of a total of 1,000 people in America, the richest two-- that is the equivalent. That 0.2 percent would get $83 billion.   Then we have a change in the tax brackets, which added another over  $1 trillion there. And probably most of that--we have been trying to  get a breakout. We can't even get a breakout of where this will go  because it is being rushed through.   If we take those provisions and add them up, it is $4 trillion. I am  just taking the big ones off the list of all of the details.   Little public exposure. Why is this being done in a few hours here,  just after the Thanksgiving holiday, before Christmas? Because my  Republican colleagues are sticking it to the American people, and they  don't want you to know.   So, again, an example--out of this list of 30 amendments that are  being stuffed in at the last second that no one has had the ability to  analyze--30 amendments--let's have the senior Senator from Texas come  to the floor and defend his Wall Street welfare amendment that he is  sticking in here for the most powerful publicly traded partnerships.  That is just one of 30.   So I am calling for transparency. I am calling this process for what  it is, and that is using the argument that you are doing something for  the middle class in order to cover up these trillions of dollars going  to the very richest. Let's see how misplaced this is.   In the next year, 9 million taxpayers together at the bottom would  get about 50 cents a day in tax relief--two quarters. That is what you  do for the 90 million taxpayers who are most in need in America, two  quarters a day. What does this bill do for those who earn more than $1  million? It gives them over $1,000 a week. So $1,000 a week for the  rich and mighty; two thin quarters a day for the folks at the bottom.   It even gets worse than that. By the end of the tax period, what are  those people earning less than $50,000 doing? They are paying $23  billion into the Federal Treasury, but what are those who are earning  more than $1 million doing? They are taking out $5 billion. So the poor  are paying in while the rich are taking out. You call this middle-class  tax relief? I call this a tax scam.    It is outrageous and unacceptable.    Will my colleague from Pennsylvania yield for a  question?    Is this Hillsdale College the same one that was sued for  discrimination in the 1980s?    You said you introduced this provision, and so I assumed  you probably researched this. Isn't the reason this college has not  taken Federal funds is because it was sued for discrimination?    You make the point that your colleagues on the left  don't have a fond opinion of this particular college, but my point is,  we don't have a fond opinion of discrimination and of giving a tax  provision for just one college that happens to be funded by one of the  wealthiest families in America because they happen to be a Republican  donor. Why would that be a good provision in terms of the United States  of America, to subsidize a college that quit taking Federal funds  because of discrimination?    Would my colleague provide a list of all the colleges  that qualify, because our understanding is that only one--this was  written for one to qualify. And that is why this shouldn't be done at  the last minute and just stuffed into a tax bill.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 1856.    Mr. President, this amendment strikes a tax earmark that  singles out one college in America from the university endowment tax  set forth in the underlying bill.   To be sure, I don't like the endowment tax in this bill. It  diminishes the ability of colleges to provide scholarships to  financially challenged students. But if the majority is intent on  having an endowment tax, then no college should be exempted.   The argument for the exemption is that this college doesn't take  Federal funds. But remember why: They were sued in the 1980s for  discriminatory practices, and they wanted to continue those practices.  This school, Hillsdale College, does have powerful friends, including  our Secretary of Education, but isn't that just the type of insider  deal for the wealthy and well connected that we should oppose?   A vote against this amendment is a vote for an earmark for a school  with powerful friends and for subsidizing discrimination. A vote for my  amendment is a vote to strike down such an earmark, a vote for fair  treatment of schools, and a vote against discrimination, and I urge you  to vote aye.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   