 Mr. Speaker, because I listened very carefully, I hope  that, while I am opposed to the rule, we are debating a bill, in my  estimation, to reinforce negative stereotypes about the immigrants.   I have listened to the response, perhaps, to that. Are you impugning  through the Chair the record of Democrats on fulfilling our oath of  office, the first part of which is to defend America from within and  from without?   That is the oath of office. As co-chairman of law enforcement in the  Congress of the United States for over 14 years, I am very close to the  law enforcement community.   I think we ought to hesitate a second before we start pointing  fingers. We are good at it, all of us, on both sides.   While we are doing that, most of our constituents are concerned about  how to defend middle class jobs and bolster our manufacturing base. The  majority of Americans agree that keeping U.S. jobs from moving overseas  should be a top priority. Yet, despite the empty promises made by this  President, the flow of jobs overseas has not stopped.   Mr. Speaker, the administration had awarded government contracts to  companies that continue to offshore jobs. This is worse than empty  words. These are the facts.   In fact, we use our tax money to help those corporations go offshore.  I hope that makes you feel really good.   In December, then-President-elect Trump told hundreds of workers at  the Carrier manufacturing plant in Indiana that he would save their  jobs. Six hundred union jobs from that plant are moving to Monterrey,  Mexico. This is happening despite Carrier receiving $7 million in tax  incentives from the State of Indiana to keep the plant open.   Chuck Jones, president of United Steelworkers Local 1999, which  represents Carrier employees, said that the President ``lied his'' you  know what ``off.''   Layoffs at the company start July 20. We don't stop companies from  offshoring American jobs by holding rallies. We do it by making good  policy, an exercise this administration and this Congress has refused.   So what we haven't settled for--and we can't--is empty words and  pyrrhic victories while we undermine our values. If they want to change  that, my friends on the other side can start right now, and we will  help them.   Under current law, when companies move overseas, we give them a tax  break for the cost. That is unbelievable. We need to stop offshoring.  This Congress could defeat the previous question and bring up the Bring  Jobs Home Act. This bill eliminates the tax deduction.    Mr. Speaker, this bill gives a tax credit of up to 20  percent of the cost to U.S. businesses that bring jobs back to the  United States. The companies would have to add jobs to claim the tax  credit.   Let's stop subsidizing companies that ship jobs overseas, and start  bringing jobs back to our shores. In fact, we used it in the last  campaign as a reason why we have a problem with employment, because the  immigrants take these jobs. That has been an empty fact. No details. No  facts. No science.   Mr. Speaker, it doesn't get much simpler than this. This is not a new  idea. President Obama and Congress raised the bill for years. The House  blocked it on the majority--on the other side.   Senator Stabenow of Michigan leads this bill in the Senate, where it  cleared a procedural vote 93-7.   I challenge you today to stop the small talk, put your money where  your mouth is, take up and pass this bill to stand for American  manufacturing and the workers here at home who need help.   I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question so we can bring up the  Bring Jobs Home Act and start bringing jobs back to the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I will take a back seat to no one when it comes to  upholding the law.   