 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   The Senator from Utah.    Mr. President, I rise today to address two elements of the  Senate's process for evaluating judicial nominations: the role of the  American Bar Association and the so-called blue-slip courtesy. Each can  influence the appointment process, and we must be diligent to ensure  that neither is abused.   The Eisenhower administration was the first to request the input of  the ABA--American Bar Association--on prospective judicial nominations.  Speaking to the 1955 ABA convention, President Eisenhower thanked the  ABA for helping him and his advisers to ``secure judges'' of the kind  he wanted to appoint. If that sounds as though the ABA was a part of  the administration, it was.   The ABA evaluated individuals before they were even nominated.  Individuals deemed not qualified by the ABA were almost never  nominated. No other interest group was given such a quasi-official veto  over nominations to any other office.   What could justify such a special role for an interest group? What  could do that? The theory is that the ABA was a nonpolitical  professional association concerned only with the legal profession and  the practice of law.   At its 1933 annual meeting in Grand Rapids, MI, for example, the  ABA's executive committee considered changing the ABA constitution to  allow ``discussion and expressions of opinion on questions of public  interest.'' After arguments that this would revolutionize the scope and  purpose of the ABA, no one--not one person--supported the amendment, to  the best of my knowledge.   In February 1965, ABA President Lewis Powell, who later served on the  Supreme Court, wrote that ``the prevailing view is that the Association  must follow a policy of noninvolvement in political and emotionally  controversial issues.'' If that view actually prevailed in 1965, it did  not last.   The ABA House of Delegates soon crossed the political Rubicon and  began taking positions on a host of issues through Federal arts  funding, affirmative action, the death penalty, welfare policy,  immigration; you name it, and the ABA has endorsed the liberal  position, oftentimes the most liberal position. The ABA not only opines  on such issues through resolutions but also lobbies legislatures and  files briefs in court cases.   The ABA has done exactly what it chose not to do back in 1933 and  revolutionized the scope and purpose of the organization. It abandoned  nearly a century of noninvolvement in political issues, the condition  that was said to justify a special role in the judicial appointment  process. It hardly seemed reasonable that the ABA could somehow seal  off its evaluation of judicial nominees from all of this political  activism so that its conclusions could still be trusted.   In 1987, several members of the ABA evaluation committee said that  Judge Robert Bork was not qualified to serve on the Supreme Court. I  said at the time that the ABA was ``playing politics with the  ratings.''   Three years later, several of us on the Judiciary Committee,  including now-Chairman Grassley, expressed the same view in a letter to  Attorney General Richard Thornburgh. We wrote that the ABA ``can no  longer claim the impartial, neutral role it has been given in the  judicial selection process.''   This conclusion has been bolstered by academic research. In 2001,  Professor James Lindgren of Northwestern University law school  published a study in the Journal of Law & Politics that examined ABA  ratings for nominees of Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton.  Controlling for race, gender, and a range of objective measurable  credentials, Professor Lindgren found that Clinton nominees were 10  times--10 times--more likely than Bush nominees to be rated well  qualified by the ABA. In fact, he found that ``just being nominated by  Clinton instead of Bush is better than any other credential or than all  other credentials put together.'' Professor Lindgren concluded that  ``the patterns revealed in the data are consistent with a conclusion of  strong political bias favoring Clinton nominees.''   A decade later, three political scientists published a study in the  Political Research Quarterly, looking at ABA ratings for U.S. Court of  Appeals nominees over a 30-year period. Applying recognized social  science methods, they concluded that ``individuals nominated by a  Democratic president are significantly more likely to receive higher  ABA ratings than individuals nominated by a Republican president. . . .  [W]e find . . . strong evidence of systematic bias in favor of  Democratic nominees.'' You don't say.   President Trump recently nominated Steven Grasz to the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The distinguished Senators from  Nebraska have, in the Judiciary Committee and here on the Senate floor,  detailed Mr. Grasz's extensive experience and wide support throughout  the legal community. He served as chief deputy attorney general of  Nebraska for nearly a  [[Page S7349]]  dozen years, during which time he defended the constitutionality of the  State's law banning partial-birth abortion. That might have been his  most serious sin in the eyes of the ABA, which has aggressively  embraced the abortion agenda for more than four decades.   In 1969, the ABA formed a committee on overpopulation, which  immediately launched a project on the law of abortion and endorsed the  Uniform Abortion Act in 1972, even before the Supreme Court's now- infamous Roe v. Wade decision legalizing abortion on demand. The  committee endorsed Federal funding of abortion in 1978, and in 1990, by  more than two to one, they opposed any requirement of parental  notification before abortions are performed on minors. The ABA, again,  fully embraced the abortion agenda in 1992 and never looked back. It is  no wonder that they would deem someone like Mr. Grasz not qualified for  the bench.   President Trump has also nominated Brett Talley to the Federal  district court in Alabama. Tally attended Harvard Law School. He spent  years in a prestigious clerkship at the Federal appellate and trial  court levels. He has worked here in the Senate. He has served as a  deputy solicitor general of the State of Alabama. He has served in the  Justice Department most recently as Deputy Assistant Attorney General  in the Office of Legal Policy. He enjoys the support of both of  Alabama's home State Senators and has a sterling reputation in the  legal community. Yet he, too, has been deemed not qualified by the ABA.  How is that possible? That determination is nakedly political and  should not be taken seriously.   The ABA once defined its purpose in terms of the legal profession and  the practice of law. It has, however, chosen a different path. By doing  so, the ABA has not only abandoned what once might have justified its  role in judicial selection but has also cast serious doubt on the  credibility and integrity of its judicial nominee ratings. The ABA was,  of course, free to do so, but it should not expect that its actions  have no consequences.   The other element of the judicial confirmation process that I want to  address is the so-called blue-slip courtesy. This is an informal  practice, begun in 1917, by which the Judiciary Committee chairman  seeks the views of Senators regarding nominees who would serve in their  States. This practice really gets noticed only when the President and  Senate majority are of the same party. In that situation, as we face  today, the question is whether a home State Senator can use the blue- slip courtesy to block any Senate consideration and, therefore,  effectively veto a President's nominees.   Since the blue-slip courtesy was established, 19 Senators, including  myself, have chaired the Judiciary Committee--10 Democrats and 9  Republicans. Only 2 of those 19 chairmen treated the blue-slip courtesy  as a single-Senator veto. One of them, apparently, was to empower  southern segregationist Senators to block judges who might support  integration.   The other 17 chairmen fall into two categories. The early chairmen  allowed objecting home State Senators to present their views in the  nominee's confirmation hearing. In the last few decades, chairmen of  both parties have said that a negative blue slip would not veto a  nominee if the White House consulted in good faith with the home State  Senators. That is the approach that Chairman Joe Biden took and that I  continued when I was chairman, each of us under Presidents of both  parties.   The blue-slip courtesy, then, has been a way to highlight the views  of home State Senators and to encourage the White House to consult with  them when choosing judicial nominees. And it works. When chairmen of  both parties have chosen, only a handful of times, to proceed with a  hearing for a nominee who lacked two positive blue slips, their  decision was consistent with this approach.   Today, Democrats want to rewrite the history of blue slips and  redefine the very purpose of the courtesy behind the process. They want  to weaponize the blue slip so that a single Senator can, at any time  and for any reason, prevent Senate consideration of judicial nominees.  They want to change the traditional use of the blue slip because they  can no longer use the filibuster to defeat judicial nominees who have  majority support.   Democrats opposed filibustering judicial nominees during the Clinton  administration. Then, in just 16 months during the 108th Congress,  Democrats conducted 20 filibusters on judicial nominees by President  George W. Bush. These were the first judicial filibusters in history to  defeat majority-supported judicial nominees.   The filibuster pace dropped by two-thirds under President Obama when  Republicans conducted just 7 filibusters in 30 months. Claiming that  declining filibusters were nonetheless a crisis, Democrats in 2013  abolished nomination filibusters for all executive and judicial  nominations except for the Supreme Court.   Democrats took away the ability of 41 Senators to block consideration  of judicial nominations on the Senate floor, but now they demand that a  single Senator have that much power in the Judiciary Committee by  turning the blue-slip courtesy into a de facto filibuster. Like the  ABA's rating of nominees, nothing but politics explains this flip- flopping and manipulation of the confirmation process.   On October 31, I addressed this issue here on the Senate floor and  suggested that the history and purpose of the blue-slip courtesy could  help guide its application today. I still believe that. The views of  home State Senators matter, and the White House should sincerely  consult with them before making nominations to positions in their  States. Home State Senators enjoy countless ways to convey their views  to colleagues here in the Senate, and every Senator may decide whether  and how to consider those views. But in the end, the blue slip is a  courtesy, not an absolute veto. This distinction matters because  tomorrow the Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on a nominee to  the U.S. court of appeals from a State with two Democratic Senators.  One has returned the blue slip; the other has not.    Chairman Grassley's decision to hold a hearing is completely  consistent with the history and purpose of the blue-slip courtesy.  Democrats falsely claim that Chairman Grassley is eliminating what they  say is a longstanding precedent that home State Senators may  automatically veto appeals court nominations. No such precedent exists,  or ever has, unless the practice of only two chairmen for only a  fraction of the last century constitutes controlling precedent--and we  all know it shouldn't.   It is beyond hypocritical for Democrats to pretend they actually care  about the confirmation process precedent. They began the practice of  forcing time-consuming rollcall votes for nominees with no opposition  at all. They began the practice of using the filibuster to defeat  majority-supported nominees. They began the practice of forcing the  President to renominate individuals multiple times. They began the  practice of forcing cloture votes on unanimously supported judicial  nominees and then delaying a confirmation vote for days. These weren't  actions undertaken by Republicans. There is one side, and one side  only, that has continuously pushed this envelope.   Democrats cite a 2009 letter to President Obama from the Republican  conference and an op-ed I publishing in 2014 defending the blue-slip  courtesy. In each situation, the Democratic majority was actually  threatening to abolish the blue-slip policy altogether. In my op-ed, I  emphasized that the blue-slip courtesy is intended to encourage  consultation by the White House with home State Senators.   When he became chairman in 2015, Senator Grassley explained the blue- slip process to his constituents in a Des Moines Register op-ed. He  wrote that the process has value and that he intended to honor it. He  is doing just that by returning to the real history and purpose of the  blue-slip courtesy.   My Democratic colleagues seem to think that the confirmation process  should be whatever they want it to be at whatever moment they so  choose. Now they demand that, contrary to most of the last century, a  single Senator should be able to do informally what 41 Senators can no  longer do formally. They demand following precedent that does not exist  while creating new obstruction precedents of their own. Democrats have  forced the Senate  [[Page S7350]]  to take 60 cloture votes on nominations so far this year, 13 of them on  judicial nominations. That is nearly nine times as many as during the  first year of all new Presidents--all new Presidents--since the cloture  rule was applied to nominations in 1949.   I have been in the minority a number of times, multiple times. I get  it. Democrats want their way, and they don't always get it. That hardly  means that the majority in general and Chairman Grassley in particular  are not being fair, consistent, or evenhanded. The blue-slip courtesy  has a history, and it has a purpose. It exists to allow home State  Senators to share their views with the Judiciary Committee and to  encourage White House consultation with them before making nominations.   Neither a liberal interest group like the American Bar Association  nor abuse of the blue-slip courtesy should be allowed to further  distort and politicize the judicial confirmation process.   It is a disgrace. It really is a disgrace, the way the Democrats  changed the rules automatically, overnight, without even consulting  with Republicans, and doing it solely to give advantage to their side,  even though this is a process that really ought to have fair treatment  on both sides at all times.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Florida.   