 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the budget  before the House.   As a legislator, but more importantly, as a father and grandfather, I  am seriously concerned about the mountain of debt our Nation is passing  on to our children and grandchildren. Our Nation's total Federal debt  is now bigger than our gross domestic product.   Think about that. As the leader of the free world and the driver of  global innovation and entrepreneurship, over the next 10 years, we  expect to reach a point where annual interest payments to our creditors  will exceed the amount we spend on defending our Nation.   It is imperative that we change this trajectory, and I commend  Chairwoman Black and her colleagues on the Budget Committee for  providing a blueprint for tackling the problem. While Congress has made  many decisions ahead of us to rein in mandatory spending, this budget  is a critical starting point.  [[Page H7798]]    Not only is budgeting a fundamental principle of good governance, it  is essential to our efforts to reform our outdated tax system to ensure  it is simpler and reduces the tax burden for all Americans.   As a CPA with a current license, I look forward to the very real  prospect of fundamental tax reform. This budget is the vehicle that can  make that happen.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this budget.    Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I request the amount  of time that is remaining.   The Acting CHAIR (Mr. Zeldin). The gentlewoman from New York has 4  minutes remaining. The gentleman from Ohio has 10\1/2\ minutes  remaining.   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, in closing, I believe that this proposal that is before us  is an absolute disaster. We should be charting a fundamentally  different course.   When you listen to people around their dinner table in America  tonight, they would be talking about their concerns in education,  infrastructure, jobs, healthcare, security, environment, and disaster  relief. But this plan delivers, instead, deep and sometimes disabling  cuts to badly needed programs for millions in order to give away  benefits to a fortunate few. This is just plain wrong. Budgets are  about values and priorities, and the people of this country deserve  better.   We should not be cutting our education spending. Failing to train the  world's most highly educated workforce is irresponsible and puts our  entire economy at a disadvantage. We should be investing more in  education at every level--early education and high schools--motivating  students to become engaged in science, technology, math, and  engineering. We should be leading the way in developing new and  improved technical and trade training programs for those who would  prefer it. We should be doing more, not less, to make college and  postgrad study affordable once again. To do anything less is to fail in  our obligation to the rising generation.   We already trail much of the economically advanced world when it  comes to healthcare. We get sicker, die sooner, and pay more for our  care than most developed nations. Millions are just one serious illness  away from financial ruin. But this budget plan would cut spending for  healthcare, and this budget would weaken the pillars of financial  security for our seniors. The proposed cuts to Medicare and Medicaid  will come at the expense of seniors, the disabled, and the middle  class.   Mr. Chairman, we cannot afford this budget. I urge my colleagues to  reject it, and I yield back the balance of my time.   