 Mr. President, I rise this afternoon on a few topics.  First, on the investigation into the Trump campaign's potential ties to  Russia, this is a matter of such gravity, we need to get it right.  There should be no doubt about the integrity and impartiality of the  investigation, either in the executive branch, where the FBI and  Department of Justice are looking into it, or in Congress, where the  Intelligence Committees of both Chambers are conducting an  investigation.   Unfortunately, the House Intelligence Committee has come under a  cloud of suspicion and partisanship. A few months ago, Chairman Nunes  spoke to reporters at the request of the White House to tamp down  stories on the links between the Trump campaign and Russia, which is  exactly what his committee now must investigate. This past week,  Chairman Nunes broke with the committee process and tradition to brief  the President on information he had learned but hadn't yet shared with  the committee. We have learned this morning that Chairman Nunes was at  the White House the day before that event--doing what? We don't know.  It could very well be the case that Chairman Nunes was briefing members  of the administration about an investigation of which they are the  subject.   Chairman Nunes is falling down on the job and seems to be more  interested in protecting the President than in seeking the truth. You  cannot have the person in charge of an impartial investigation be  partial to one side. It is an inherent contradiction, and it undermines  decades of bipartisan cooperation on the Intelligence Committee, which  handles such sensitive information paramount to national security. It  undermines Congress as a coequal branch of government meant to hold the  executive branch accountable for its actions, and it corrodes the  American people's confidence in our government.   If Speaker Ryan wants the House to have a credible investigation, he  needs to replace Chairman Nunes. Congress was meant by the Framers to  be separate and equal, and I sincerely worry that under his direction,  Mr. Nunes is pushing the committee into a direction of obsequiousness  and not one that is asking the hard questions and getting the important  answers.   There has always been a grand tradition of bipartisanship on the  Intelligence Committee. When Members go into the SCIF, the room where  they get secure briefings, they check their partisanship at the door.  Chairman Nunes is right on the edge of doing permanent damage to that  grand tradition of bipartisanship. Chairman Nunes seems to be more of a  partisan for the President than an impartial actor. He has not been  cooperating like someone who is interested in getting to the  unvarnished truth. His actions look like those of someone who is  interested in protecting the President and his party, and that doesn't  work when the goal of the committee is to investigate Russia and its  connection to the President and his campaign.   Without further ado, Speaker Ryan should replace Chairman Nunes.   