 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, American families, hard-working American  families need a Treasury Secretary who will work for them, not for Wall  Street. Remember the tenor of the 2016 campaign, when candidate Trump,  at every rally, spoke forcefully about draining the swamp. What we  thought he meant was that he would drain the swamp, that he would not  be hiring a whole bunch of Wall Street executives, Goldman Sachs  employees, and other bankers who helped drive the economy into a ditch;  that he would actually stay away from them.   In fact, we have seen the opposite. It has become obvious that the  Treasury Secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin is not about hard-working  American families, but he is about working for Wall Street. The  Treasury Secretary has enormous influence over Americans' lives,  impacting everything from their taxes to their mortgages to their  retirement.   Mr. Mnuchin doesn't have a policy background to give us clues as to  what he would do with his power. He was a major Trump fundraiser. Here  is what we do know. He made millions as a hedge fund manager. He made  millions at Goldman Sachs, where he traded mortgage securities and  other products that contributed to the financial crisis. He headed what  has been called a foreclosure machine, profiting in kicking hard- working Americans out of their homes.   When presented with tough questions from members of the Finance  Committee in front of which he appeared, Mr. Mnuchin expected leniency  and understanding from a bunch of Senators, but it is not something  that he gave--leniency and understanding for Ohio families trying to  keep a roof over their heads. They got the runaround from lenders with  claims of lost documents, modifications that weren't honored, dual  tracking. When this confirmation process began, we believe that Mr.  Mnuchin and his bank, OneWest, had foreclosed on at least 40,000 people  in three States. We understand--not because of information that he was  willing, voluntarily at the beginning to provide--we understand now  that it is at least eight States, and I expect we will learn more.   Unfortunately, he probably will be Treasury Secretary by the time a  lot of this comes out because the Finance Committee didn't do its job,  because Mr. Mnuchin wasn't forthcoming enough, because this Senate is  trying to rush through ethically challenged candidates to be  Secretaries of HHS, the EPA, Education, State, and Treasury.   OneWest's regulator, the regulator from Mr. Mnuchin's bank when he  was CEO--they had shoddy mortgage practices, the regulator said. They  foreclosed on more than 10,000 borrowers, including some who were  current on their mortgage.   I want to put a picture up on one of the borrowers who was foreclosed  on not far from where I live. The ZIP Code I live in, in Cleveland, OH,  had the  [[Page S1084]]  highest in 2007--the first half of that year, had more foreclosures  than any ZIP Code in the United States. To a bunch of U.S. Senators,  that is a little troubling. A lot of foreclosures, terrible thing. But  most U.S. Senators have probably never been foreclosed on, and I am  guessing most U.S. Senators have never spent a lot of time socially  with people who are foreclosed on. And I am guessing a whole lot of  Senators have probably never even talked in detail about what it means  to be foreclosed on.   Think about it. Your family is struggling. Your family lives in a  home in Slavic Village, OH, a mile north of my House. And you have been  working hard, you and your spouse. The parents have worked hard. The  kids are teenagers--the challenges that all families have. They are  making moderate incomes. The wife has her hours cut back. Then they are  struggling. They have trouble paying their mortgage. They keep paying  it. Then the husband has his plant closed. And in some cases, in this  lady's case--I will talk about her in a moment--she was foreclosed on,  not even because she lost a job. She was foreclosed on because of what  Mr. Mnuchin said.   When we talk about foreclosures, we ought to think about what happens  to these families. The wife maybe has hours cut back, the husband loses  his job because the plant closes. Then what happens? They go to the  kids and say: We have to get rid of our pet because pets cost money  going to the vet, buying food, putting them for a weekend or day  somewhere. They have to take the animal for somebody else to watch. So  they give a pet away, which is heartbreaking to kids and to parents.  Then they have to cut back on other things. Then they realize they are  about to be foreclosed on or evicted. Then they have to move. They  bring their son and daughter, 12 and 14 years old, in and they say: We  don't know what school district you are going to be in. We don't know  where you are going. We don't know if you will be around your friends  because we are moving--all those things where their lives turn upside  down. They lose many of their possessions. Their children's lives are  so different. Their lives are turned upside down.   That is why what Mr. Mnuchin did on these 40,000 foreclosures is  morally repugnant and outrageous. Yet this Senate is only 3 days away  from party-line voting for this incredibly ethically challenged  Secretary of the Treasury. Why? I guess listening to my Republican  friends here, a number of them suggest they really don't much like this  nominee. They didn't much like Secretary Price, a guy who did  everything but sell stocks on the floor of the House--bought and sold  health care stocks while he was working on health care legislation for  those companies. They didn't much like voting for him. And a number of  them wanted to vote against the Secretary of Education because she was  maybe just the least qualified, as the Presiding Officer knows. She may  be the least qualified Secretary of Education who has ever been  nominated, but they voted for these people. Why? Because they are  fearful. They are fearful of what Donald Trump will try to do to  destroy their careers. You know how they know that? Because the  Republican conference that meets every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday  in this room right behind this door--the Republican conference--there  are three Members of the Republican conference, of the 52 Senators, who  ran for President against Donald Trump. They are Senators Graham, Rubio  and Cruz. All three of them were targets of Donald Trump, of Candidate  Donald Trump. He insulted them, called them names, turned his  supporters on them. The other--52 minus 3--the other 49 Senators know  it can happen to them. That is why you are seeing these party-line  votes for people as ethically challenged as Steve Mnuchin, for people  who have, frankly, betrayed what trust they should have had working for  a bank the way they did.    As I said, a OneWest regulator said his bank foreclosed on more than  10,000 borrowers. When I said 40,000, I misspoke. We know it was 40,000  in three States. A number of them--the OneWest regulator said something  different, a smaller number that dealt with shoddy mortgage practices.   But whatever the number is here, it is in the tens of thousands.  Think about that. Some of these were not even families who were  struggling to keep their homes. These families were doing everything  right. They paid their mortgages on time. His bank came and took their  houses away because he could make more money. He did not care about  these people losing their homes.   If he did not care as a banker about people losing their homes, do  you think he is going to care much as Treasury Secretary about people  losing their homes? Do you think he will all of a sudden develop an  empathy for moderate-income people who lose their homes?   He did not have it when he was a banker making millions of dollars.  One of the things that is amazing is that he came in front of our  committee. You know, these gazillionaires, billionaires, whatever, who  come in front of our committees have to disclose their wealth and tell  us who they are and what they are.   When Secretary-designee Mnuchin came in front of the committee--get  this. I know I can't talk directly to people in the gallery, but I am  guessing this would not have happened to them. He forgot to disclose  that he had a $100 million investment somewhere. He forgot about $100  million. I am guessing that nobody in this gallery, probably nobody on  the floor, certainly no staff people back here because I know what they  are paid--none of them would forget that they had a $100 million  investment. Maybe he just did not want to tell us about this $100  million investment any more than he wanted to tell us about those robo- signings that I will talk about in a minute.   The report that I mentioned from the regulators said that Mr.  Mnuchin's bank violated the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act by  initiating foreclosure on 54 Active Duty military families. So, I mean,  maybe that is worse; maybe it is not. I think it is probably even worse  to foreclose on people who generally did not do anything wrong, but  then he foreclosed on men and women in uniform, and put them out of  their homes to pad his own bank's profits.   I would assume some of these people in the military he foreclosed on  might have just been stationed overseas, protecting Mr. Mnuchin and his  family, protecting me, protecting Erin and my staff, and Graham and  Gideon and others; that is what they do in the military. He foreclosed  on them. So, again, he had no empathy for these men and women in the  service. What? He is going to care about these men and women when he is  Treasury Secretary?   We now know this foreclosure was even worse than we initially  thought. Around the time of the hearing, the Columbus Dispatch, Ohio's  most conservative newspaper, a newspaper that always likes Republicans  and rarely likes people like me--the Columbus Dispatch ran a front-page  investigative story that found that OneWest used robo-signings in  mortgage documents with abandon.   This, despite the fact that Mr. Mnuchin claimed in testimony before  the Senate Finance Committee that his company had never done so--if you  are the CEO making tens of millions of dollars a year, would you not  know they did robo-signings? Wouldn't you know that they just had staff  that signed, signed, signed without looking at these documents,  spending an average of less than 1 minute on each document?   So you are going approve a document which might have to do with a  loan to someone, and you did not even spend--as the bank, you did not  even spend 60 seconds looking at this. Why? Because all of the profits  were generated by volume. Quality did not matter. All the profits for  this bank--or much of the profits--were generated by volume.   Ohio reporters found dozens of foreclosure cases in Franklin County  alone--Columbus--that had been robo-signed. Yes, Mr. Mnuchin, in this  town nobody wants to use the word I am going to use. They want to say  that it was a half-truth or it was not quite right or it was  fabricated. No, what Mr. Mnuchin did is lie. He said: We did not do  robo-signings.   Well, the Columbus Dispatch--this was up there a moment ago--the  Columbus Dispatch said he did. He lied. They say it more nicely,  perhaps: Mnuchin's denials don't match the record. He lied.  [[Page S1085]]    Again, his lying was not just lying. It was what he lied about, and  people lost their homes as a result.   Bill Faith, one of Ohio's and America's housing advocates told the  Dispatch, ``The guy is just lying. There is no other way to say it.''   The guy is just lying. Since the Dispatch ran the article--this  article--they have continued to report additional findings. Other  reporters in other cities have uncovered more instances of robo- signings by Mr. Mnuchin's bank.   I am especially concerned about his defensiveness and outright  deception when asked about this. His misconduct caused real, serious  pain. That is fundamentally the big issue. It is bad that he lied to a  bunch of Senators. OK. That is maybe not that big a deal. It is, but it  isn't. It is bad that he lied to the American public, but he lied about  something that resulted in people getting evicted, foreclosed on,  thrown out of their homes--people with families, people serving in the  Armed Forces. That is not enough reason for any Republican--not one  Republican--to vote against him? Not one Republican?   I would like some of my colleagues to meet some of these people who  were foreclosed on and have them explain to them why they are voting  for Mr. Mnuchin. Is it because of fear that Donald Trump might call  them out and call them a name and try to destroy their career?  Apparently. I can't think of any other reason.    One victim, and I will put her name up, lives, as I said, maybe only  5 miles from where my wife and I live. She is a social worker from  Cleveland Heights. Her name is Carla Duncan. She told the Dispatch,  ``It got to the point that I was afraid to open my own door.''   Mr. Faith, whom I quoted before, said it has been devastating, not  only to people who got caught in this kind of scheme but also to people  who happened to live in the neighborhood, people like Ms. Duncan. It is  scary that this man, whose bank--because of the behavior of that bank,  because of a policy handed down by Mr. Mnuchin, because of a policy  about which he lied--lied to the committee of the Senate, lied  according to the most Republican conservative paper in Ohio, and she  lost her home.   This guy is going to be the Secretary of the Treasury when he did all  of that. It is scary. It is scary for hard-working families in Ohio and  across the country who are still digging out from the financial crisis.  I have said on this floor a number of times: ZIP Code 44105 in  Cleveland where I live had more foreclosures than any ZIP Code in the  United States of America in the first half of 2007.   How can the people of Ohio of ZIP Code 44105 or any other ZIP Code in  a State like mine or Nevada or Nebraska or a number of other States-- how can they trust this Secretary of the Treasury who not only profited  off this crisis but made it worse? How can you elevate somebody like  that to being Secretary of the Treasury?   One of his employees said the bank did not have any process in place  to help families avoid foreclosures. It might cost the bank some  profits if they helped these families avoid foreclosure. So, what the  heck--foreclosure, we make more money that way. That was Mr. Mnuchin's  bottom line. His bank was not even pretending to care about the  thousands of families who could lose their homes and, with them, their  lives.   Lincoln once said--his staff always insisted he stay in the White  House and win the war and free the slaves and preserve the Union.  Lincoln said: No, I have to go out and get my public-opinion bath. In  other words, I want to talk to people whose lives are affected because  of the decisions that I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United  States, make. I want to know what people's lives are like--as much as I  can understand--so I can make the right decision.   Do you think that Mr. Mnuchin has spoken to these families? Do you  think he has met Ms. Duncan? I assume not.   Do you think he has spoken to any of these families who lost  everything when his bank took their homes and turned their lives upside  down? Do you think he talked to any of them?   Do any of my Republican colleagues talk to people who have lost their  homes because of something a greedy bank executive did? If any of my  Republican colleagues would talk to people like Ms. Duncan, I am  thinking they would not--you know the line: One bird flies off a  telephone wire, they all fly off.   I am thinking my Republican colleagues would not quite all be flying  off the telephone wire in unanimity and in consensus to vote for people  like Stephen Mnuchin, who is ethically challenged, who has wreaked so  much havoc on so many people's lives, who has shown no empathy for  people, like Ms. Duncan, who were foreclosed on.   We are going to elevate him to Secretary of the Treasury because  every one of my Republican colleagues is going to go: Yes. Yes. Yes.  Yes--52 times. I guess that is what is happening. But it would be  really nice if some of my colleagues would go and speak to the Ms.  Duncans of the world and call up Mr. Mnuchin and say: Give us a list of  the people you foreclosed on. We would like to talk to some of them  before we vote.   I know we are voting on Monday. My colleagues, mostly, are home for  the weekend. I am not sure they are going to have dinner with very many  of these Ms. Duncans. I think they are probably going to have dinner at  nicer places than Ms. Duncan has been able to go to because of the  economic problems caused by this future Treasury Secretary.   At his confirmation hearing, Mr. Mnuchin actually said to the  committee that he ``never wanted to be in the mortgage servicing  business.'' It showed in his treatment of homeowners, including the  Active-Duty members of our military in Ohio and across the country. It  is a strange thing to say, for someone who brought a thrift that held  more than $20 billion of its own mortgages and serviced $185 billion  worth of mortgages in total. He said he did not want to do this, but  then he bought that bank. I don't know quite what he was talking about.   It concerns me because he suggests he was more focused on turning a  profit--pretty obvious. We know that. What he was doing, instead of  helping Americans keep their homes was--while he was CEO of OneWest,  what was he doing? He was handing out hundreds of millions of dollars  in insider loans to a troubled Hollywood media company.   So on the one side he is foreclosing on people's homes. He is making  a lot of money doing that. He is making a lot of money, so he had a lot  of money to hand out. He is handing out hundreds of millions of dollars  in insider loans to a company in Hollywood, a media company called  Relativity. He was friends with the CEO of Relativity. His hedge fund,  Dune, was an investor. He was cochairman of the board.   On top of all this, the FBI is investigating Relativity. A group of  Relativity investors have filed a lawsuit accusing him of fraud.   It is bad enough what happened to Ms. Duncan and how he lied to the  committee, not to mention the FBI investigation and all of that. A guy  like that could not get elected to the Senate with his ethics  challenges.   Do you know what else? He probably could not get hired in the  Treasury Department or in this body with those kinds of ethics, but we  are going to vote for him--52 of my colleagues, all apparently afraid  of Donald Trump calling them out, giving them a nickname, and ruining  their careers. They are all going to vote 52 times--52 of them--for him  as Secretary of Treasury.    So let's review: False testimony, families losing their homes to a  big bank's abusive practices, fraud accusations, insider loans, and  this President chose Mr. Mnuchin, this President who said he is going  to drain the swamp.   Mr. Mnuchin made a fortune kicking military servicemembers and  seniors and working families out of their homes. He gave false  testimony to the Finance Committee. With that record, what are Wall  Street lawbreakers going to think when he is supposed to be the top  voice on financial oversight?   He has never had empathy for people like Ms. Duncan. He really did  not much care or talk to these people who lost their homes. He also  won't do that as Secretary of the Treasury. He won't--I can't imagine-- show any empathy toward people who are hurt by his actions.   He is also setting an example to Wall Street that now there is no  sheriff in  [[Page S1086]]  town. If you are Wall Street, you can get away with anything with this  guy as Secretary of the Treasury. You can get away with anything with  Steve Mnuchin as Secretary of the Treasury.   Last week, the former second in command at Goldman Sachs, Clevelander  Gary Cohn, went on TV to praise the President's Executive order to  start rolling back Wall Street reforms. The Executive order puts Steve  Mnuchin, if he is confirmed, in change of dismantling Wall Street  reform.   After the crisis, Democrats put a real cop on the beat by creating  the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. This independent law  enforcement agency returned $12 billion in hard-earned money back to 29  million Americans. We know it works. We also know that Wall Street  hates the consumer bureau.   The American people don't suffer from the same collective amnesia  that Wall Street and its allies in Congress have about how devastating  the crisis was for our country. The people we represent know, and  Mnuchin's bank proves, when we turn the reins to Wall Street, it is  working families who pay the price. Wall Street has recovered from this  financial crisis. ZIP Code 44105 in Cleveland has not recovered from  this financial crisis. Seniors who have lost savings haven't recovered.  People who have lost jobs haven't recovered. People who have lost their  homes haven't recovered.    Mr. Mnuchin has done just fine. People at Goldman Sachs have done  just fine, and so many others have. I just don't know how we trust Mr.  Mnuchin to rein in Wall Street.   I would ask my colleagues, in conclusion, if they believe misleading  the Senate should disqualify them from confirmation because how are we  going to have hearings in the future when people--they may raise their  right hand and swear an oath or they may not. But it is generally  expected that, if you are going to testify in the Finance Committee,  you might want to tell the truth. It is kind of expected. It is kind of  what you are expected to do.   But Congressman Price didn't tell the truth. Now he is the Secretary  of Health and Human Services. He lied, according to the Wall Street  Journal, America's most conservative mainstream newspaper. Mr. Mnuchin,  came in front of the Finance Committee. He lied, according to the  Columbus Dispatch, Ohio's most conservative Republican newspaper. So  why should testimony to a Senate committee even matter? Why should it  even matter? When you put a cop on the beat like Mr. Mnuchin, why  should Wall Street get more honest instead of even less honest when it  comes to abusing the public? That is my fear if Secretary Mnuchin is  confirmed.   Again, I am sorry my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are  just--they are afraid of this President of the United States.   In a few months, they will quit being afraid of him because they will  realize the kind of President it looks like he is turning out to be. It  seems to me they may be the last to learn this.   