 Thank you, Mr. President.   Mr. President, I rise in support of the motion of the Senator from  Maine. He is sitting right at the heart of this issue, and that is that  this is nothing more than a con game by the Republicans to give tax  breaks to the wealthiest people and the wealthiest corporations in  America and then, ultimately, to wind up with a huge addition to the  Federal deficit.   I thought I would take this time just to explain to the American  public what this whole concept of a reconciliation process is. It  sounds like a very fancy word, ``reconciliation.'' What does it mean,  though, in the legislative context?   You have to take it for what it is, and the key part of the words  ``reconciliation plan,'' when we are dealing with the Republicans, is  the word ``con'' because the whole thing is a con job that they are  trying to pull on the American people.   Step No. 1 is for them to argue that they are going to give huge tax  breaks to the wealthiest corporations and the wealthiest individuals in  America. The vast, overwhelming percentage of it goes to them. Pennies  on the dollar go to average working families as tax breaks.   Then they begin to argue that there is going to be a huge increase in  economic growth in the United States, although they made the same  argument in 1981 with the Reagan tax breaks, and it turned out it  exploded the deficits. Then they made the same argument with the Bush  tax breaks, and it exploded the Federal deficit. The economic growth,  which they said was going to happen, never happened. Now they are just  bringing it all back again--deja vu all over again--hoping that  everyone will just buy the same, exact, now-debunked economic argument  for the third time in our history.   So the key is, first, we provide the tax giveaways to the  wealthiest--the wealthy corporations. That then results in exploding  deficits. Then they say: Well, there may be some additions to it, but  that is just a side impact. That is where they are extremely deceptive  because, in fact, that is a feature of their tax breaks. A feature of  their tax breaks is to create exploding deficits. How do we know that?  Well, because the Republicans have already called for, in their budget,  cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. They have already called for a $450  billion cut in Medicare. They have already called for a $1 trillion cut  in Medicaid.   The beauty of the Republican plan, to give all of these huge tax  breaks to the wealthiest in America, is that it creates such a huge  deficit that their elephant symbol is shedding crocodile tears about  how big the deficit is going to become. Of course, that will be next  year, when they are shocked at how needed it is to cut Medicare and  Medicaid. But they have already given us the preview of coming  attractions by putting it in their budget this year. This  reconciliation game, this con job, tries to separate the tax breaks for  the wealthiest from their brutal, vicious cuts to programs for the  poorest, the sickest, the elderly, the neediest in our country. That is  the game. That is the con game, the reconciliation game that they are  playing with the American public. By trying to divide this story line,  they seek to have it sneak through without any full understanding of  the ramifications for the American people or the implications for their  families.   Make no mistake about it, as they give the tax giveaways to the  wealthiest, that will result in exploding deficits, which will result  in the Republicans, once again, really caring about deficits. I will  tell you an amazing thing about the Republican Party. They care  passionately, deeply, about deficits when the Democrats are in  [[Page S7530]]  charge. But when they are in charge, oh no, oh no. Do they care about  deficits? Somehow they can turn a blind eye to their own actions, which  lead to exploding deficits. There it is, ladies and gentlemen, the  tribute that hypocrisy has to pay for virtue.   They have to say the right things about investment. They have to say  that this will not lead to exploding additional debt for our country.  But every single economic analysis of this bill, going back to the 1981  tax breaks, shows it is all the same play--a Trojan horse to give tax  breaks to the wealthiest people in our country. That is what David  Stockman actually said in 1985, in his famous book, ``The Triumph of  Politics.'' When he looked back at the 1981 huge tax break for  corporations and the wealthy, he said that actually the whole thing was  a Trojan horse to get tax breaks for the upper 1 percentile. He was  honest about it.   He also said another thing. He also said that ultimately the  Republicans didn't have the nerve then to cut their own special  projects or to stop advocating for massive increases in defense  spending, which runs totally contrary to their ostensible goal of  reducing the debt. So we are going to hear that. We are going to hear  that. We are going to hear a request from Republicans for a massive  increase in defense spending, along with their massive cuts in taxes,  as though somehow or other they can get a balanced budget out of that.   You don't have to be an accountant or an expert on budgetary matters  to figure out that does not add up--unless, ladies and gentlemen, they  are going to cut Medicare, unless they are going to cut Medicaid,  unless they are coming back for it again. If you kick them in the  heart, you are going to break your toe.   That is what this is all about--giving away trillions of dollars to  the wealthiest to create pressure on the programs for the poorest, for  the sickest, for those most in need in nursing homes in our country.  That is what it is all about, and, to boot, in order to get votes for  their bill, they then say to their own Members: We are going to allow  the oil industry to drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge--this  pristine Arctic National Wildlife Refuge--for oil, even as just 2 years  ago they had advocated for lifting the ban on the exportation of oil  from our country that had been on the books for 40 years and even as we  still import 3 million barrels of oil a day from OPEC. We are now  exporting 1 million barrels of oil a day from our country. Where are  they going to get it so they can send it out of the country to China?  They are going to go to the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, this  pristine place.    So here is where the oil companies are right now. They are going to  get huge tax breaks out of this bill. And in order to get even more  votes on their side, they are going to allow for drilling in a pristine  Arctic wildlife refuge.   In both cases, what is happening is that the next generation of  Americans, regular Americans, is the one that is getting shortchanged.  A despoliation of our environment, tax breaks that put inextricable,  inevitable pressure on the social programs that go right to the heart  of the safety net to protect ordinary family in our country--it is a  con game, ladies and gentleman. It is a reconciliation con game that  they are trying to play out here, and they do it time after time to  kind of hide their real agenda.   All I can say is that what the Senator from Maine is proposing is for  there to be just a little bit of honesty in terms of what the real  agenda is here, and what his motion calls for is for the Finance  Committee to ensure that there is no increase in the deficit in the  bill we are going to vote on on the floor. But that will never pass  because the Republicans have a con game going. All of a sudden, they  don't care about deficits anymore. They don't care about debt. They  don't care about the pressure that is going to be put on ordinary  families. Who will be paying back this debt? Well, disproportionately,  it is going to be the regular families in the country. They will be  paying back that debt for the rest of their lives, and the debt is  caused by giving tax breaks to the wealthiest. And to boot, it will  then be the programs for those ordinary families that get slashed in  order to pay for it because that is what is coming out here on the  floor of the Senate in the very near future, this not-so-secret plan to  actually fulfill their promise to the donor class of the Republican  Party. They have a sacred duty that they have pledged to their donor  class to get them these tax breaks and to do so at the expense of  Medicare and Medicaid. That is the simple deal here. That is the con  job they are trying to perpetrate upon the American people.   That is why this vote is one of the most important votes in the  history of the United States of America. There are no votes that are  bigger than this. It goes right to the shape of capitalism. They are  seeking to reshape capitalism as we know it--who gets the incentives to  be productive in our society and who then has to pay for those  incentives that are being created.   So, ladies and gentlemen, this momentous, historic moment is  something that I hope every American reflects upon as we head into next  year because the next stage is their all-out assault on Medicare and  Medicaid and probably Social Security as well, if they are ever going  to fulfill their commitment to their Republican base.   I thank the Senator from Maine for making this motion. I think it  goes right to the heart of the debate that we need to have in this  country.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   