 Mr. Speaker, I represent District 14, which,  arguably, is ground zero for flooding. It is the first three coastal  counties that start at Louisiana and come down the Texas coast:  Jefferson County, Galveston County, and then the southern half of  Brazoria County.   As I reflected, Mr. Speaker, about Harvey, I thought I would put some  thoughts down on paper. It is staggering and incredible, when you think  about it, and, unfortunately, our friends in Florida may be facing  exactly the same thing. Of course, Hurricane Irma came up through the  Caribbean wreaking havoc. Our prayers and thoughts go out to those  families.   Over 60 deaths here alone.   FEMA applications, 650,000-plus already.   Shelters, there were 49,000 people staying in shelters in the three  counties that I have just discussed. Secretary Price said in a briefing  this morning they are down to around, I think it is, 13,000, 14,000, so  that number has diminished.   Money spent by FEMA so far, last estimate, $200 million.   Untold thousands, hundreds of thousands of cases of water have been  sent.    Hundreds of cities, communities, towns, neighborhoods affected.   Mr. Speaker, the annual average rainfall in that area on a yearly  basis, of course, is 50 inches. Folks, we got 53 inches in 3 days.   Population on the southeast part of Texas, you could say, is about 6  to 7 million people that have been affected by this. In Louisiana, I am  not sure: half a million people affected by the rain, over 100,000  houses flooded.   Fuel production down from the Gulf Coast energy capital of Texas is  down by 20 percent.   Jobs that have gone on hold or either just gone.   Cars flooded, tens of thousands of cars flooded. People have no  transportation.   Overall cost, you have seen the projections, over $150 billion--with  a B, dollars.   Ports are shut down. The port of Houston was closed. Channels are  sholed in. Sabine-Neches Waterway, Port of Freeport, all of them  affected by this. I am told that when ports are shut down, economic  trade stops--to the cost of over $1 billion a day.   HHS Secretary Dr. Tom Price said, on the Weather Channel, that four  hospitals are closed; it had been 30. Thirteen dialysis centers closed,  26 nursing homes closed. He said that HHS had encountered some 5,000  patients during the storm, not all related to the storm.   I want to add that I watched some of our great doctors in Jefferson  County--Dr. Garrett Peel, Dr. Ray Callas--go to work, Baptist Hospital,  Christus Hospital, get in gear, and 500 tetanus vaccines were delivered  because of the threat of disease.   Dr. Price went on to say that the CDC was making plans for mosquito  control due to the Zika virus. They have extended pharmaceutical  waivers for drug prescriptions to be allowed for longer than 30 days.   Dr. Price did note this morning that there were some 5,400 patients  with electricity requirements for treatment alone, whether it is  dialysis or some form, but that 20,000 patients were electrically  dependent in some fashion, and HHS had provided that information to the  various States.   Folks, the need is great. The need is great. To whom much is given,  much is required. Never has there been a people in history given so  much. This is one of those cases. This is one of those times where much  is required.   Harvey brought on a downpour, but I will tell you that Texans and  Americans and folks brought on an outpour, an outpouring like I had  never seen. Our country has stepped up.   Our friends from Louisiana, the Cajun Navy, came over with over 100  boats and began to do things that amazed us. We called it  ``Cajuneering.'' Unbelievable outpouring.   So, yes, I want to echo my colleague to the south, Blake Farenthold's  plea: Please vote for this bill. It is time for us to step up. It is  time for us to set politics aside. It is time for us to focus on the  tragedy that is now called Harvey and may be soon to be called Irma.  [[Page H7190]]  So I urge my colleagues to vote for this rule.   