 Mr. President, as we continue to debate health care,  there are some things that are kind of being debated that I call monkey  dust. When two gorillas fight, they try to confuse each other by  throwing dust up in the air. It has nothing to do with the substance of  the fight but rather is only meant to distract the other side. That is  part of what this kerfuffle, if you will--people raise per-beneficiary  payments as if that is something pernicious, something that should be  avoided, something which is bad.   First, we are setting this kind of in the perspective of Medicaid.   Let me speak about per-beneficiary payments. For those who are in the  Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan, the Federal Government makes a  per-beneficiary payment to the insurance company to cover that Federal  employee. For those States which have a Medicaid managed care company  contract, the State makes a per-beneficiary payment to the Medicaid  managed care company. That is a per-beneficiary payment. The reason I  like this is because, inherently, the dollar follows the patient.   Now we are speaking about this in the context of a Medicaid reform  program. Why should Medicaid be reformed? That is the question. Let's  speak about our current Medicaid system. It is bankrupting States and  the Federal Government.  [[Page S239]]    In 2009, for the first time, the amount of money spent by States on  Medicaid exceeded what they spent on education. Ever since then,  Medicaid's expenditures are going up, and education expenditures are  going down. Despite all this money, we get poor outcomes. Medicaid  typically pays physicians below their cost of seeing a patient.   I pointed out in my speech yesterday that the week ObamaCare passed  the House of Representatives, Robert Pear, the New York Times  journalist, wrote an article in the New York Times following cancer  patients on Medicaid in Michigan. What Mr. Pear found was an oncologist  who had so many Medicaid patients she was going bankrupt. Indeed, she  had to begin to discharge those patients from her practice because she  could not pay her bills. We tracked down one of those patients who was  featured, and she died 2 weeks after being discharged from the  practice.   Medicaid pays so poorly that physicians cannot afford to see large  numbers.   That said, it isn't just an anecdote from this New York Times  article. There is a study out of MIT for the National Bureau of  Economic Research, I believe it is, that found that with all the money  spent on Medicaid, the beneficiary only receives 20 to 40 percent. The  rest goes to institutions.   If we speak about a per-beneficiary payment, substantially all of  that money goes to the patient. Under the current scenario, out of an  MIT study, only 20 to 40 percent does.   Go back to the oncologist who couldn't afford to see the patients  because her reimbursements were so low. What if the rest of that money,  which was not being attributed to the patient, instead could go to pay  her doctor, then the patient would have never been discharged.   By the way, on average, States spend 17 percent of their State  dollars on Medicaid. In my own State of Louisiana, it is 19 percent,  and in my State this has increased, nearly doubling from the year 2000.   Let's go back to the per-beneficiary payment, where the dollar  follows the patient, as in, by the way, the insurance plans that people  have under ObamaCare on the exchanges. There is a subsidy that goes to  the insurance company that then provides for the patient. The dollar  follows the patient. So the per-beneficiary continues to do that.   Folks say: Well, there is not enough money in Medicaid; therefore, we  have to somehow do things differently. The models we use in private  insurance will not work in the Medicaid population.   We looked up the SEC report for a Medicaid managed care company, and  the Medicaid expansion population, they get $6,000 per enrollee. I just  met today with an insurance company that was discussing the rates they  are going to give on the exchanges next year. It is going to be roughly  $5,500 per enrollee will be a year's premium.   So think about this. Those in the Medicaid expansion population have  more Federal dollars going to support them than those citizens, those  fellow Americans who are receiving their insurance on the ObamaCare  exchanges. Yet we continue to hear from the Medicaid patients that they  have problems accessing specialists.   There is more money in Medicaid than in the private insurance market,  but the Medicaid patient can't see a specialist because the patient's  specialist is being paid below cost and cannot afford to see the  patient. There is something incredibly wrong here.   By the way, I should also point out that in States in which Medicaid  is expanded, another MIT study found that 60 percent of those who go on  the Medicaid expansion dropped private insurance--dropped private  insurance--which means they go from kind of paying their own way to the  taxpayer paying for them.   My own State of Louisiana recently expanded Medicaid. It might not  have been 60 percent of those on the Medicaid expansion dropped their  insurance, but I am told by the chief insurance company that I think  about 70 to 80,000 people dropped private insurance to go on Medicaid;  60 or 70 or 80,000 people stopped paying for themselves and asked  taxpayers to pay for them.   That is OK if you are the person going on Medicaid. You no longer  have a deductible or a copay. I understand ObamaCare exchanges have  $6,000 deductibles, and maybe that is what they had to do, but if we  are going to come up with a sustainable system, that is not an answer.   What I do is encourage that there be a per-beneficiary payment, that  the money follow the patient. Again, for those who say it is some  terrible thing to have a per-beneficiary payment, they are ignoring all  the evidence of how it is good. Think of the Federal Employees Health  Benefits Program. Probably if somebody is watching on C-SPAN, their  spouse or their own policy they get through their employer, the  employer pays the insurance company a certain amount of money per  employee and per employee family member.   We could also do what Indiana has done. In their Healthy Indiana Plan  2.0, they made per-beneficiary payments, if you will, to Medicaid  enrollees, giving them a health savings account and covering their  catastrophic expenses. They found that the Hoosiers who enrolled in  this used 40 percent less charity care than those with traditional  insurance. These are all Medicaid patients.   Folks say: Oh, my gosh. Health savings accounts per-beneficiary  payments can never work for the poor.   In this case, 70 percent of those enrolled in this program were below  the Federal poverty level. Yet, nonetheless, they contributed to their  own HSA. They continued making those contributions and altered their  behavior to become more cost-conscious, better consumers of health  care.   I always say don't underestimate patients. In my own practice, for 30  years, I worked in a hospital caring for the uninsured, and although  the uninsured don't have some of the advantages in life that others  have, they can take care of themselves. They know what is right and  what is wrong in terms of their own interests.   So let's make those per-beneficiary payments. Let's not be distracted  by those who somehow make this a bad thing. Let's believe in the  American people, that they can handle their own health care and that  they don't need a Washington bureaucrat to tell them how to live their  health care lives.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Georgia.   