 Madam President, I am proud to join my colleagues  Senators Hirono and Donnelly. I thank them for their very impressive  and steadfast efforts on behalf of Medicare and Medicaid, during a time  of tremendous uncertainty in our health care system, as, unfortunately,  our friends on the other side of the aisle work toward repeal of the  Affordable Care Act without any replacement and any clear plan on what  the alternative will be.   Not only would repeal of the Affordable Care Act impact children and  families but most particularly our seniors who have worked hard and  have earned the benefits of Medicare. Any additional changes to the  program that have been previously suggested by Republicans, whether  changing the eligibility age or privatization, have no place in a  reconciliation that has not been fully debated by the House and Senate  and without a hearing from constituents and stakeholders about what  those changes would mean.   That is why we are here in support of the very important amendment  offered by my colleagues. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated  that full repeal of the ACA would increase Medicare spending by $802  billion from 2016 to 2025. This increase in potential  [[Page S135]]  spending could lead to higher Medicare premiums, deductibles, and cost  sharing for beneficiaries.   Medicare, as it stands, as we all know, benefits our Nation's seniors  who have worked hard and earned this program, but they would rather  privatize or gut the program. So this action really should be decided  not under reconciliation but by a 60-vote margin after hearings and an  opportunity to be heard for our constituents.   Similarly, any replacement plan must not include fundamental or  restrictive changes to the Medicaid Program. The bottom line is,  Medicaid continues to work to provide potential health care to our most  vulnerable citizens. I come from a State that is truly making a  commitment to make sure our Medicaid Program works. In fact,  Connecticut was the first State to take advantage of the Medicaid  expansion in the Affordable Care Act, allowing the State to cover  72,000 more of our people in the State of Connecticut.   In Connecticut, the State has also utilized existing flexibility in  the Medicaid Program to improve outcomes through the patient-centered  medical home. As a result, in 2016, Medicaid hospital admissions  decreased by 5.4 percent, emergency department visits fell 4.3 percent,  and people requiring intensive case management saw a reduction of  hospital inpatient admissions of nearly 40 percent.   These statistics are of staggering scope and scale and profoundly  significant. We cannot make mean-spirited changes to the Medicaid  Program, such as block granting, that would weaken the safety net, and  we cannot allow gutting Medicare, endangering millions of seniors. We  will not allow it without a fight. I am determined to join my  colleagues in working and fighting for this amendment and keeping the  pressure on our colleagues who disagree.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.    Mr. President, I am honored to be here tonight with  my very eloquent colleague Senator Franken from Minnesota and also with  two colleagues who will follow me shortly, Senator Schatz and Senator  Markey, all of them great champions of better, more affordable health  care for all the people who live in this great country.   This is the greatest country in the history of the world because we  care about each other and we care about the common good. That is what  the Affordable Care Act represents. It is not perfect. No great social  reform ever is the first time around, including Social Security, but it  can be repaired and improved without completely repealing it.   So repeal without a replacement is the height of irresponsibility.  The first order of business for the Republican leadership during this  session of Congress is to tear down and rip apart the Affordable Care  Act, not to deal with job creation or economic growth. In fact, the  Affordable Care Act provides 3 million jobs in our country, and  repealing it would eliminate those jobs. No, it is to destroy and  decimate a program that has literally saved lives, opened new futures,  transformed the existences of millions and millions of Americans who  would lose health care coverage if this measure is just repealed.    In fact, 22 million people across the country and more than 100,000  in Connecticut would lose that critical insurance. Preexisting  conditions would become, again, an excuse for the health care industry  and insurance companies to deny coverage. Women would be charged more  simply because they are women. And young people would be denied access  to their parents' health care coverage up to the age of 26.   Those kinds of losses just begin the list, but among the most  egregious of the profound defects to this approach is the effect on the  Prevention and Public Health Fund. I know it isn't a household term:  Prevention and Public Health Fund. It is not exactly on everyone's  tongue, but it is a measure that is profoundly important to the future  of this Nation if you care about lives and dollars. And if you care  about dollars, the $931 million from the Prevention and Public Health  Fund is allocated to provide funding for things like diabetes  prevention, preventing healthcare-associated infections, chronic  disease management, smoking prevention, lead poisoning, suicide  prevention, and Alzheimer's disease prevention.   You may not consider these kinds of challenges--smoking prevention,  lead poisoning, Alzheimer's disease, hospital-acquired infections--as  the most glamorous, but treating them costs millions and millions and  millions of dollars--in fact, billions of dollars.   Just to give you one example, the Tips From Former Smokers campaign,  which the Prevention and Public Health Fund supports, has led to an  estimated 1.6 million smokers attempting to quit smoking and has helped  100,000 Americans quit smoking. Tobacco use is the single largest  preventable cause of disease and premature death in the United States.  The country spent $133 million on tobacco-related healthcare costs  between 2000 and 2012.   I just made I think an error. I said $133 million. In fact, it is  $133 billion. How easy it seems to confuse billions with millions--$133  billion by investing this kind of money from the Prevention and Public  Health Fund. We can literally save tens of billions of dollars on  smoking-related diseases and premature deaths.   Improving public health outcomes and preventing the public from  getting sick and dying are important goals in and of themselves because  the human suffering and the premature deaths they cause are important,  humane causes to our Nation, a nation that cares about people. But the  $1.3 trillion in treatment costs and lost productivity every year--let  me repeat that--$1.3 trillion in treatment costs and lost productivity  every year on chronic diseases like cancer, diabetes, heart disease,  and stroke can be reduced and, dare I say at some point, reduced by so  much that we may look back, and we will say: That Prevention and Public  Health Fund was one good investment, but not if it is decimated and  destroyed by the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, which costs us  money as well as lives.   In Connecticut, the fund has invested over $27 million in our  communities since 2010, improving the lives and well-being of the  people of Connecticut literally every day.   This strong investment has provided more Connecticut women with  screenings for cancer, mammograms, other critical, preventive care, and  it has given our State health department the ability to prevent  diabetes, heart disease, and stroke and to fight obesity through  improved physical activity.   It has allowed our State to address school health much more  effectively, and we are talking about the Nation's children--preventing  obesity, smoking, diabetes, which, as we know, more and more affects  our children.   It has staved off disease outbreaks by providing Connecticut with  millions of dollars to provide vaccinations for young people who  otherwise would go without, children who would be denied this essential  means of preventing emotionally crippling, if not physically  debilitating, diseases that can transform their lives forever.   Perhaps most importantly, the Prevention Fund has relied on the  communities impacted by the money for solutions. That means stronger  collaboration between community organizations and the health system to  prevent suicides, for example, in the Community Transformation Grants  Program that encourages healthier lifestyles across our State.   The ACA, in short, has reflected a historic shift. We are trying to  prevent, not just treat the disease, and that kind of investment from  the Prevention and Public Health Fund in my State and many others has  already produced a return on that investment which is of invaluable  importance.   I have authored an amendment, which currently has 12 cosponsors, to  create a budget point of order against any piece of legislation that  would take away funding for preventive care. It is very simple. If we  are going to work toward reducing the cost of health care in this great  country, we should not be talking about getting rid of effective and  efficient ways of preventing disease. We ought to be talking about  reducing drug prices, stopping costly addictions, preventing disease,  and improving the quality and efficiency of care.   I want to stress, again, the importance of reducing pharmaceutical  drug prices, which has been a concern to me for years in this job and  for many more years when I served as our State's attorney general.   But reducing health care costs and improving quality is not what our  Republican colleagues are trying to do.  [[Page S150]]  They are trying to make good on campaign rhetoric and political  promises to completely repeal the Affordable Care Act without any  replacement, without following through on their commitment to provide  health insurance to our Nation's people. We are expected to just wait  and see what they have in the plan. Meanwhile, millions of people will  be left without health care, and the health care industry will be in  confusion and chaos as insurance companies wonder what comes next.   The simple fact is that our Republican colleagues have no idea, no  clue, no plan. In their view, the Earth is flat. They can abolish  something and promise to replace it because they know something will  come. That is unacceptable, and I will fight to ensure that the  Affordable Care Act continues to mean access to affordable health care  for millions of Americans. Most importantly, fairness and effectiveness  in health care means prevention. The Prevention and Public Health Fund  is critical to that effort.   I hope my colleagues will recognize the importance of prevention,  safeguarding our health, and heed the voices and faces that have been  so dramatic and powerful to me, so inspiring in their courage and  strength, as they were just this morning when I met with and presented  to the people of Connecticut at an event we did there. Three brave  women came forward to talk about what the Affordable Care Act had meant  to them and what its loss would mean as well. These perhaps not  immediately visible voices and faces should be a stirring reminder to  our colleagues that we need to do better, improve the Affordable Care  Act, make it better--but not simply trash it, decimate it, destroy it,  and abandon the great hope and ideal of assuring affordable care for  all.   I yield now to my colleague from Hawaii, Senator Schatz, who has been  a champion of affordable care in this Nation and is a great credit to  his State of Hawaii.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Hawaii.   