 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me  time.   Mr. Speaker, I respectfully disagree with the chairman of the  Financial Services Committee. This is not simply the gathering of  information. This is not simply oversight.   Under H.R. 4324, a condition would be imposed on the sale of  commercial aircraft to Iran. The Iran nuclear deal was very clear. It  is broadly committed to ``allow for the sale of commercial passenger  aircraft and related parts and services to Iran.'' The only condition  on the U.S. commitment is that ``licensed items and services be used  exclusively for commercial passenger aviation.''   H.R. 4324 would impose a new condition, a new condition which would  require certification by the Secretary of State and all of the process  that would ensue.   It is not a stretch--in fact, it is fairly clear--that if H.R. 4324  were to pass, the Iranians and others could credibly claim that we have  violated our obligations under the JCPOA. Now, nobody should be  surprised by that.   Despite the advice of his National Security Advisor, despite the  advice of the Secretary of Defense, despite the advice of pretty much  everyone around him, President Trump chose not to recertify Iranian  compliance with the Iran nuclear deal.   We have seen bill after bill, including the bill just voted on,  attempting to reverse the Iran nuclear deal, and we have heard this  since this deal first came to the floor.   Let's reflect for one second on what the implications are:   This bill puts the Iran nuclear deal at risk. It arguably takes  American aircraft manufacturers out of competition for lucrative  contracts. My colleague from Washington will address this shortly.  [[Page H9883]]    I don't understand how putting American jobs at risk and taking  American manufacturers out of contention in favor of companies like  Airbus is about keeping America great again. I don't understand why,  when we focus on jobs, this should be an action we should take.   However, I will say something, and I speak as a member of the  Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Prior to the passage of the  Iran nuclear deal, it is not an exaggeration to say I didn't worry  every night in a way that we worry today about North Korea. I went to  bed every night thinking about Iranian centrifuges spinning, about  military technology being created that could ultimately deliver a  nuclear weapon to Israel or to Europe or to the United States, and our  intelligence community believed that we were 2 to 3 months away from an  Iranian nuclear weapon, kind of where we are today on North Korea.   I suspect everybody in this Chamber doesn't want to be where we are  on North Korea with another state, with Iran.   I understand the skepticism on Iran, and I agree with everything that  the chairman said with respect to Iran being a state sponsor of  terrorism, with Iran being a location of money laundering, and I could  go on, with Iran being an absolutely appalling regime.   But I speak as a member of the Intelligence Committee for a lot of  people in this room when I say that, for the first time in a long time  subsequent to the passage of the Iran deal, whatever you think of  Iran--and not many of us think much of Iran--we don't go to bed every  single night worrying about the possibility of waking up to a nuclear- weaponized Iran.   Why would we put that at risk?   I agree with the chairman that transparency is important, and I agree  with everybody that Iran needs to be watched very, very skeptically.  But why would we want to be with Iran exactly where we are today with  North Korea?   Is this effort, which, in my opinion, is simply a continuation of the  efforts to end the Iran deal, to reverse President Obama's legacy, is  it worth going to bed at night not just worried about North Korea, but  worried about Iran? I would suggest that it is not.   I don't want to go back to the pre-Iran deal era when I became an  expert on centrifuges, on Uranium-235, on hardened bunkers and the  weaponry that we produced to penetrate hardened bunkers and to the  realization that, if we had to go to war against Iran to prevent a  nuclear Iran, the consequences would be as awful as if we went to war  with North Korea to prevent a North Korea nuclear-weaponized state.   Why would we do this? Why would we put at risk a deal that has given  comfort to a lot of us for some period of time?    Mr. Speaker, this deal is not a perfect deal. I don't know  that there are perfect deals in this realm. But I do know that, for the  next 7, 8, or 9 years, we are not going to have the worry that so many  of us had before the Iran deal.   Let's engage on that. Let's figure out what comes behind the Iran  deal. Let's figure out other ways to address the behavior of Iran with  respect to terrorism and the money laundering. Let's remember that this  deal was about removing the existential threat, not making Iran a  perfect regime, but removing the existentia threat to the United States  of America, and let's not put that deal at risk.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, and I urge a strong ``no''  vote against this legislation.   