 Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to thank the  gentleman.   Today, we will take a vote that every Member on this floor will  remember. The country will remember. Then next year, when people check  their checks and realize they have more money, they are going to  remember who voted for status quo and who voted to make America's  comeback.   I want to thank the chairman, Kevin Brady, for that work.   Now, Mr. Speaker, a month ago, when the House passed an earlier  version of this bill, I said that, for all the jobless, for everyone  who hasn't gotten a raise in years, for the parents, for the small- business owners, and for anyone who ever dreamed of being that  entrepreneur and a small-business owner, we heard you. This bill is the  start of their comeback, and when they win, well, that is the start of  America's comeback.   Our country has faced some tough times. I don't have to tell you  about that. And for too long, year after year, more and more Americans  gave up hope. They were out of work. Or maybe they had a job, but they  could not see past the next month or even the next week. They watched  factories and businesses close up shop and move out, even moving out of  the country.   Nobody wants to see their communities hollow out. Nobody wants to  feel like they live in a nation in decline. That is not who Americans  are. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, we are not a country that gives up on hope.  This legislation and the Republican Party's entire economic plan, they  are giving people hope.   You can see it in the stock market. For every American who vests  their retirement in a 401(k), 84 times it has set a new record since  last year's election alone.   You can see it in companies like Broadcom. You know, Broadcom was a  company created in America, but they are not domiciled here today. They  moved to Singapore simply over our Tax Code.   So for those who want the status quo and want to keep Broadcom in  another country, go ahead and vote ``no.'' For those who believe in the  hope of this country, even greater, looking at this bill, Broadcom said  they are coming back to America.   Mr. Speaker, you know what that means? $20 billion in revenue in just  a year. That means $3 billion every year invested in R&D $6 billion  every year invested in manufacturing. Those are jobs we all dream  about, and the action of this bill is making it happen.   You can see it in the faces of families who learn that next year  thousands of dollars that they earn won't go straight to Washington; it  will actually stay right at home. And this is all in an environment of  disinformation and fear-mongering. I mean, I have seen what has been  said, and, to me, it is absurd.   Mr. Speaker, Leader Pelosi said that this bill was, and I quote,  ``Armageddon'' and ``the end of the world.'' Now, Mr. Speaker, I  listened a great deal to what my counterpart on the other side, the  minority leader, has said, and I have read when The Washington Post  analyzed what she had said.   Now, when you say something that could be a little off and don't have  all the information, they have this rating for you. She has had a  rating on this. She did not get one Pinocchio. She did not even get  two. She didn't even get the extreme of three. She got the most  Pinocchios you can say when it is totally false, four, for her  conversation about this bill.   Mr. Speaker, in such times when the other side will say anything to  win their political game, I recommend that folks actually look at the  bill: doubling the standard deduction; lowering rates; simplifying the  Code so you don't spend weeks, you spend minutes; doubling the child  tax credit; ending the individual mandate; lowering taxes on small  businesses to the lowest it has been in 40 years; creating incentives  for business to invest and hire. That is not a recipe for Armageddon.  That is hope for a nation to come back.   The American people see through all this rhetoric, and they are going  to feel it next year when they check their paychecks and they see they  keep more money because of the vote today. They are going to feel it  next year and the years after and when they get that raise they have  been waiting for. They are going to feel it more and more as companies  announce coming back home. They are bringing jobs right back to the  USA. They are going to feel it when we start looking to the future not  with fear, but with hope.   I won't accept the status quo. But there will be some in this body  who will vote for the status quo. I won't accept failure.   Now, I do not believe anybody in this body was elected to preside  over America's decline. I recently was overseas, and I was sitting at a  dinner table with some elected leaders from other countries, some  Americans who were working in other countries, and I asked them: What  is the impression of what is happening in America today? I thought the  reports I would get would be a little different.   Do you know what they said to me? They said: America is back. You are  now tackling big items again. Not only are you going to lead your own  country, but you will help, again, lead the world. They were fearful of  the competition of rising America one more time.   So don't vote for the status quo. Vote for a tax cut. Vote for  reform. Don't vote because some leader whipped you and intimidated you.  Vote for your constituents. Vote for your country, and vote to raise  the paychecks of America.   