 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3364, the  Russia, Iran, and North Korea Sanctions Act. I thank my colleagues,  Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel, for all of their work,  together with the Senate, to reach this important agreement.   This legislation will ensure that Russia, Iran, and North Korea, and  those who seek to help them, will suffer consequences for their bad  behavior. Passage of this legislation is important to hold Iran  accountable for its support for terrorism, human rights violations, and  continued defiance of international treaties, including on ballistic  missiles.   Today we are taking an important step toward holding the Iranian  Government, including the IRGC, and anyone who seeks to support them,  accountable for their bad actions. Anyone who contributes to Iran's  ballistic missile program, supplies it with weapons, or assists the  Iranian Government in their vast human rights abuses will be subject to  sanction.   It is important to note that these sanctions do not violate the JCPOA  and, in my view, strengthen the nuclear deal by showing our allies and  Iran that the United States is serious about continuing to enforce  violations of international law.   I am also pleased to see additional sanctions imposed upon Russia and  North Korea in this legislation. The human suffering that North Korea  has brought upon its own people is unimaginable. Such a depraved leader  as Kim Jong-un getting his hands on nuclear weapons that can be used  against American allies is an outcome that we simply cannot tolerate.   Finally, Russia engaged in an unprecedented attack against our  democracy when it interfered in our 2016 election. This is the  fundamental foundation of our democracy, our election, and we simply  cannot allow any foreign power to interfere in our electoral process.   Given our President's complete unwillingness to hold Russia  accountable for their attack--and let's not mistake it for anything  else; it was an attack on America--it has become necessary for Congress  to assert its role in this area and ensure that Russia will be held  accountable.   So, again, I thank Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, Leader  Pelosi, Whip Hoyer, and members of  [[Page H6263]]  the Senate who worked together to get this bill to the floor. I urge my  colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to  me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 111, which  would repeal protections for our men and women in uniform and other  everyday consumers against the use of forced arbitration by megabanks  and other financial service providers.   Earlier this month, the CFPB finalized strong rules to protect the  rights of hardworking Americans to band together in our justice system  to hold corporate wrongdoers accountable. This protection is  particularly critical for our Nation's men and women in uniform and  their loved ones.   For over a decade, under both Democratic and Republican  administrations, the Defense Department has warned Congress about the  effects of forced arbitration in servicemembers' contracts. Often  buried in the fine print of financial contracts, these clauses waive  the rights of veterans and servicemembers to a day in court before a  dispute even arises.   If these arbitration provisions were so beneficial to consumers and  to servicemen and -women, why do you have to sneak these mandatory  provisions into the contract?   There is overwhelming support for this rule among military service  organizations who agree that forced arbitration clauses block access to  the justice system and funnel the claims of servicemembers into  private, costly arbitration systems.   Since the Second World War, Congress has continuously expanded and  strengthened the rights and protections for servicemembers and veterans  out of a sense of obligation that we must honor and protect our men and  women in uniform. But this resolution would end vital financial  protections for those who have sacrificed so much in service to our  country and the fundamental idea that we are a nation of laws and  institutions that guarantee the rights and prosperity of every  American.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution, to  preserve this rule, to stand up for the men and women in uniform, to  stand up for the American consumer, and to stop being errand boys for  the megabanks.   