 Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished friend from  Massachusetts, and I also thank his able staff for the incredible work  they are doing.   Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about the bill before us, the EPA Science  Advisory Board, but also I want to talk about Mr. McGovern's amendment  on Russia.   They actually are linked because the last time a great power decided  to deny science-based policy and to actually dictate politically what  was science and what wasn't was Stalin's Soviet Russia. A famous  scientist named Lysenko turned out to be a fraud and a con artist. But  for 30 years, his thinking dominated Soviet science to the detriment of  the Soviet people. It actually led to a famine in Ukraine, killing  millions of people because he insisted on his political brand of  agricultural science, which wasn't science at all.   My friend from Massachusetts I think is wrong when he asks: What is  the emergency? I don't think he understands that, from the Republican  point of view, science mixed with public policy is an emergency. We  have to do something about it.   The world was created 4,273 years ago and carbon dating is a fraud.  As your coastal areas are under water, think about the comfort of  Republican philosophy: it is just a theory, and disputable at that. By  the way, let's defund any research on it. Let's back out of our  commitments. Let's be the only major nation in the world that denies  that climate change is real and is going to affect us in almost every  aspect of our lives moving forward, including our children and their  children.   We owe them better. That is the emergency. God forbid the  Environmental Protection Agency have policies and regulations that are  science-based. God forbid we look at empirical research to guide us in  making thoughtful policies to protect the public. God forbid we look at  the science of lead and other toxins in water supplies, let's save $7  million in Flint, Michigan. Just today they announced a $100 million  settlement. That anti-scientific decision, that political decision, put  the people of Flint, Michigan, at risk, and it is now going to cost  $100 million to fix.   That is the consequences of an anti-empirical philosophy, and that  will be the consequence of polluting this board with corporations and  corporate representatives who are guilty of polluting in the first  place. Of course, they won't welcome regulation of their own respective  industries, and the Republicans are their enablers. That is what is  going to happen if this bill passes.   With respect to Russia, each day there are more troubling revelations  that make clear that senior-level Trump officials had undisclosed  contact with Russian officials about the campaign, perhaps, the  transition, and about sanctions. National Security Adviser Michael  Flynn was fired after only 3 weeks on the job for lying about this very  thing to the Vice President of the United States. Attorney General Jeff  Sessions had to recuse himself from any Russian probe because of  compromised testimony at his nomination hearing. FBI Director James  Comey confirmed an investigation into the Trump campaign's possible  collusion with Russian officials.   What has been the most visible reaction from my friends on the other  side of the aisle in this Congress?   The frenetic behavior of the Intelligence Committee chairman that has  seemingly compromised the committee's ability to investigate.   This ought not to be about partisan politics. It ought to be about  restoring congressional independence and integrity, one of our most  cherished democratic institutions; in fact, the most cherished, a free  election without foreign interference.   So I support Mr. McGovern's potential amendment. I will also oppose  the previous question.   