 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Ms. Waters, Mr.  Hensarling, and Mr. Duffy, for their work on this bill, and especially  to my good friend, Steve Scalise.   I know there was an effort to do this the right way, but I rise in  opposition for a couple of reasons. First, I am disappointed. I am  disappointed because we, in this body, had an opportunity to have a  bipartisan bill that would have probably generated more than 400 votes,  that we would have had a big high-five moment, and we could have moved  forward. The Senate would have taken it. The President would have taken  it.   But now we have a situation that makes me angry--angry because we are  picking winners and losers, angry because the misery index for some  Members is more important than the misery index in my district or the  Northeast.   Five years ago, we were about a month after Superstorm Sandy. We had  political hand-to-hand combat to get what the rest of the Nation has  gotten almost automatically with every natural disaster in the whole  course of our Nation's history. But no, Superstorm Sandy, there had to  be an offset. We barely got the help we needed.   This is all tied in together because we still have people suffering  in New Jersey and New York and the Northeast from the aftermath of  Sandy, and it is tied into this with Federal flood insurance. It is  critically important.   And why should it be that the concerns of my district and the people  who I represent have any less of an influence on what happens here?   I am angry, and I am disappointed that I have to fight with my own  party on these issues. I am not at all sorry to stand up as strongly as  I can for the constituents who deserve this--hardworking people who are  trying to stay in their homes.   I know the program has problems. I know we have to do this in a  different way, and we have had an opportunity to do it in a bipartisan  way, where all of our constituents should have been helped, instead of  picking winners and losers.   I am sick and tired of having to defend the people in my district and  the people in the Northeast from policies that don't mean the right  thing for us.   Please do the right thing; vote ``no.'' Let's come back with a bill  that makes sense.   