 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the fiscal year 2018  budget resolution, and I thank Chairman Black for her hard work  developing this blueprint.   Our Nation's national debt now exceeds $20 trillion. While there are  many factors driving our Nation's fiscal health and long-term spending  outlook, I am working to address one of those items this year: our  Nation's need to dispose of spent nuclear fuel.   In 1982, Congress passed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act and enacted a  formal nuclear waste management program for the Federal Government and  set a 1998 deadline for the Department of Energy to begin to dispose of  used fuel. Nuclear utilities signed a contract with DOE requiring this  deadline to be met. Unfortunately, the Federal Government did not meet  that deadline and has yet to take title to this material.   Since then, the Federal Government has been held liable for not  meeting this deadline, and the courts awarded financial damages to  utilities due to the breach of contract. The payments resulting from  these lawsuits are paid from a specific Department of the Treasury  account, known as the judgment fund, a permanent, unlimited fund not  subject to budget caps or annual appropriations.   Since 2009, DOE's total liability has escalated from $12 billion to  nearly $30 billion, or over $2 billion in total liability for each year  of delay. Last year alone, the nuclear waste costs were about one-third  of all Federal Government payments due to litigation. Put another way,  American taxpayers are paying over $2 million every single day in which  we neglect our moral and legal obligation to permanently dispose of  spent nuclear fuel.   It is time to get our nuclear waste management program back on track.  Bipartisan legislation I introduced, H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste  Policy Amendments Act of 2017, which passed out of the Committee of  Energy and Commerce by an overwhelming vote of  [[Page H7792]]  49-4, would do just that. I look forward to continuing to work with my  colleagues to address this budget challenge.   Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Black again for her leadership and  support of this important issue.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of this budget.   