 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support S.J. Res. 34, which seeks  to halt agency overreach of the Federal Communications Commission  concerning the way broadband internet service providers handle their  customers' personal information.   The FCC's broadband privacy rule, a midnight regulation adopted by  executive order in the waning days of the Obama administration,  unnecessarily targets internet service providers and does very little  to protect consumer privacy.   The rule adds costly and unnecessary innovation-stifling regulations  to the internet and is another example of the Federal Government's  picking winners and losers.   When passed, the FCC claimed that the rule would provide broadband  customers meaningful choice, greater transparency, and strong security  protections for their personal information collected by internet  service providers.   In reality, the FCC's rules arbitrarily treat ISPs differently from  the rest of the internet, creating a false sense of privacy.   Consumer data privacy is of significant concern to every American.  The proper parties should address the issue. In this area, the Federal  Trade Commission has historically held authority on the establishment  and enforcement of general online privacy rules.   Repealing the FCC's privacy action is a critical step toward  restoring a single, uniform set of privacy rules for the internet. This  legislation puts all segments of the internet on equal footing and  provides American consumers with a consistent set of privacy rules to  permit the FCC and the FTC to continue to work to ensure consumer  privacy through enforcement.   The FTC, the premier agency in this regard, has the experience to  protect the privacy of the American people regarding the internet--at  least 20 years of experience. Bifurcation between the FTC and the FCC  is not productive. A good question to ask the FTC: Why did it wait  until the last minute of the  [[Page H2496]]  Obama administration to promulgate its regulation?   Mr. Speaker, I believe it is important that we pass S.J. Res. 34, and  I rise to ask all of my colleagues to support it.   Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have heard about  this last-minute dropping and late at night. Just for the other side's  information, after a 7-month rulemaking process, this rule was adopted  midday on October 26. So let's get the record straight.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr.  McNerney).   Mr. McNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, first, I thank Mr. Doyle for his  opposition to S.J. Res. 34. I rise in opposition as well.   The FCC's broadband privacy rules are commonsense rules. These rules  give consumers the ability to choose how their information is used and  shared by their internet service providers.   According to the Pew Research Center, a large majority of Americans  say it is very important that they control who has access to their  information. Despite a loud cry from the American people that they want  to be able to choose how their information is used, S.J. Res. 34 strips  consumers of the power to choose how their ISPs use and share their  information.   This resolution also leaves consumers more vulnerable to attacks  because their ISP will no longer be required to make reasonable steps  to secure their personal information.   In recent years, we have seen numerous data breach incidents that  have jeopardized consumers' personal information. Some examples are  Yahoo, Target, Home Depot, LinkedIn, and Anthem. The list goes on.    Given the growing cyber threats that our Nation faces, it is critical  that we do more, not less, to secure consumers' data. Strong data  security practices are critical for protecting our consumers'  confidentiality.   This resolution would make consumers' data more susceptible to being  stolen and used for identity theft and other harmful unauthorized  purposes.   Consumers want to be heard. They want more privacy. They want their  information to be secure. We have an obligation to respond to their  requests.   I am appalled that one of the Republicans' first acts in this  Congress after trying to take health coverage away from 24 million  people is to attack consumer protections and weaken data security.  Americans are just now hearing about this legislation, and my phones  are ringing off the hook in opposition.   I have to rhetorically ask the other side: Why are you pushing this?   Americans don't want it. Your voters are beginning to pay attention.  This is just after your humiliating defeat with the ACA repeal. I ask  that you withdraw this bill and start listening to your constituents.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject S.J. Res. 34.   