 Thank you, Mr. President. I thank the Presiding Officer  for his comments just before mine, and thank him for presiding so that  I can step down and speak briefly.   I wasn't sure if I was going to speak. I don't have any notes. But I  was inspired by some of the comments that were made by the Senator from  Vermont as I was presiding.   We heard--actually, for those who are visiting the DC area, if you  don't get an opportunity to go to any of the wonderful theaters we have  here, such as the Kennedy Center, don't worry because you are seeing a  lot of theater down here on the Senate floor.   Anybody who would suggest that we are going to come back and cut my  mother's Medicare and my mother's Social Security and that of the  mothers and brothers and sisters of other people who are depending on  that for their livelihood is somewhat involved in political theater.   Some of you were here and probably heard the challenge to have a  Republican come down here on the floor and say: Bernie, you are wrong.   Well, the distinguished Senator from Vermont is wrong.   This bill is about actually providing freedom and tax relief to  working families and reducing the tax burden on businesses so that the  economy will grow and we will have the resources to pay our bills.   I can understand that maybe it is not intentional theater on the part  of some of these folks; it may just be because they simply have never  done it before. But if you have ever lived in North Carolina or if you  have lived in North Carolina since 2011, you know that we did.   I have seen this theater before--from the dais as speaker of the  house in the State of North Carolina when we were one of the highest-- the sixth highest tax State in the Nation, with one of the slowest  growing economies. We were having a problem paying our Medicaid bills.  We were having a problem paying our bills. We had a $2.5 billion  structural deficit. I heard the theater on the floor: If you cut taxes,  you are going to drive up the deficit. If you cut taxes, you are going  to cut Medicaid. If you cut taxes, you are going to cut social  services.   I heard it all. Everybody accused us of that. I hit the gavel, and I  ratified the bill for tax reform. Guess what happened. We went from  being the sixth most taxed State that today is in the top ten best  taxed. We went from one of the worst performing State economies to now  one of the best performing State economies. We have reduced the  [[Page S7376]]  number of people in poverty, and statistically--I mean, we can prove it  to you. We do the counts. The number of people who have been lifted out  of poverty has increased over the last 3 years. Median incomes have  gone up. Job creation has gone up. Our gross domestic product has gone  up over the past 5 or 6 years by $80 billion. We were at about $400  billion, and now we are at $480 billion.   So let me tell you how we are going to pay for these tax cuts. We are  not going to pay for them by cutting Medicare for seniors. We are going  to pay for them through the economic activity that will absolutely  occur if we have the courage to fulfill the promise that we made last  year to the American people. We are going to reduce the regulatory  burden on businesses. We are going to get our tax policy consistent and  competitive with nations that are eating our lunch on locating business  expansion and having businesses come offshore--away from the United  States to more preferable tax jurisdictions, and we are going to change  people's lives.   I am motivated to support this plan because I have been in a position  of leadership where I had great people in my caucus who had the courage  to fulfill a promise that I made if I became speaker of the house. Now  we are at a point in time to do the same thing for America that we did  for North Carolina. If we do it, it is going to be extraordinary.   Let me reduce it down to an answer I gave to a little boy yesterday.  I think he was in fourth grade. I had a Skype video conference with an  English as a second language class in an elementary school down in  North Carolina. One of the little boys asked me a great question, and  it is a question that has never been asked of me. I have been in  politics only for about 12 years. But he said: What piece of  legislation are you most proud of? What is the thing you are most proud  of since you have been in the legislature?    I thought about it. It was a tough question because I can think of  many things I have done. But then I went back to this little boy in the  classroom, and I said: You know what, buddy, it was something I did  back when I was speaker of the North Carolina House. By the way, if any  politician tells you ``I did this,'' they are invariably not telling  you the truth because you don't get anything done unless the team  commits to it. So I, along with a lot of people in North Carolina,  decided that your parents could not afford to pay the bills. They were  having a difficult time paying the utility bills, their rent, and their  groceries, paying for food. So we decided we were going to do something  to make sure that government gave your parents more money to make sure  you could go to school, to make sure they could pay their bills, to  make sure they could have a better paying job. And, buddy, that is the  thing I am most proud of. The thing I am most proud of was tax reform  that produced results that are indisputable. I have seen the theater  before, and it didn't work out too well because it proved to be fiction  in North Carolina.   If we have the courage over the next couple of days to take that same  vote here, we are going to see the same results for those working  families and those job employers in the United States. So I hope all of  the Members of this body recognize that we are not going to fund the  tax cuts on the backs of people who need the help the most. That is  absurd. It is unfair. It is theater. We are going to take care of them,  and we are going to take care of everyone else who is relying on us,  this caucus, to fulfill the promise we made, get the economy back on  track, and start winning more than losing against our international  competition. I am completely convinced that the bill that is going to  be before us over the end of this week is going to do just that.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   