 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the VA  Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act--bipartisan legislation  that will help ensure that our veterans receive the care they deserve.   We owe our veterans more than we can ever repay for their dedicated  service. Part of this debt is providing our veterans with timely, high- quality healthcare.   In my home State of North Dakota, our VA medical center is located in  Fargo. It not only serves the veterans in North Dakota, but it also  serves the western half of Minnesota as well. If there is one thing  that our veterans have made very clear about the health center in  Fargo--from both North Dakota and Minnesota--our veterans have made  clear that it is an outstanding healthcare center that provides high- quality service. Our veterans love the Fargo VA. They do a great job.   It is important to note that the vast majority of VA employees are  dedicated to serving our veterans and are working diligently to provide  services to veterans in their communities. However, as recent events  have shown, there are a number of instances where poor performance or  misconduct by a VA employee has had tragic consequences.   In cases like these, the VA needs to have the ability to address  these situations and to do it in a fair but expeditious manner. This  bipartisan legislation will provide the VA Secretary with the necessary  tools to do just that and ensure that VA employees are putting our  veterans first. Specifically, this legislation establishes in law the  Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection within the VA, a  post which was created earlier this year through Executive order. It  authorizes the Secretary of VA to reprimand, suspend, demote, or remove  VA employees at any level and hasten the appeal and review process.  Additionally, it establishes protections for whistleblowers .   These reforms are important for our veterans. That is why the  legislation has garnered the support of many veterans organizations. It  has garnered the support of our North Dakota VA Commissioner, as well  as the veterans service organizations, including the American Legion,  AMVETS, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of  America, the Military Officers Association of America, and others. It  has also garnered the support of cosponsors on both sides of the aisle  in this Chamber.   Seventy-three years ago, over 160,000 brave Allied troops landed on  the beaches of Normandy. I can think of no more an appropriate day to  pass legislation that honors our commitment to our veterans and helps  ensure they receive the care they have earned.   I thank the committee chair, Senator Isakson of Georgia, and also  Senator Tester of Montana for their outstanding bipartisan leadership  on this important legislation.   I particularly also want to thank Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who  is the primary sponsor of this legislation and has been a champion for  veterans issues. I know this accountability issue is one he has spoken  about consistently, often, and passionately on behalf of our veterans.  I thank him for his leadership on this very important legislation.   At this time, I yield to the prime sponsor of this bill, Senator  Marco Rubio.   