 Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the chairman for  yielding, but, more importantly, for his extraordinarily hard work as  chairman of the Rules Committee. I don't think a lot of people are  aware just how critical his job is in shepherding and guiding order in  our institution here. So I am grateful for his hard work, most grateful  for his friendship, and very grateful for his leadership. I thank him  so much for the time.   Mr. Speaker, when Presidents give their inaugural addresses, we are  very accustomed to lofty narratives, to visionary ideals, and to  sweeping language. But last Friday, President Trump spoke very  differently. The only sweeping thing in the President's speech was his  reference to the windswept plains of Nebraska. Of course, when I heard  that, I perked up.   President Trump's speech was a striking and direct call for a new,  healthy nationalism. He spoke to the people, about the people, and for  the people. A certain awkwardness marked the beginning of his speech,  not only because of the initial confrontational style from the outset,  but it also began to rain as the President started, creating a bit of  an uncomfortable moment. But then the rain suddenly stopped and his  speech gained momentum. He discussed, in hard terms, some of the stark  realities we are facing and how they might be resolved for our country.   Mr. Speaker, we all know this, that defining problems is an easy  task, but finding solutions is much harder. While President Trump's  speech lacked specifics in that regard, nonetheless, there was  extraordinary power in the attempt to articulate an America that has  been lost to globalized supply-side elitism, an America that has been  lost to drugs and crime, and an America that has systems that no longer  seem to serve all persons. It just seems that no matter how hard  individuals work, they just can't get ahead.   Mr. Speaker, our President's speech was an authoritative call for a  new national unity, particularly for those forgotten. The idea that  America can do better, that we must do better, and that we will do  better for everyone was clearly conveyed by President Trump.   I recognize the tone of this speech will not have universal appeal.  It was to the point, direct, and firm. It was not a delicate, textured  speech. But the President was clear when he declared: ``The American  carnage stops right here and stops right now.''   Mr. Speaker, we are witnessing a renewed and important and essential  focus on reviving America's economy. The multinational corporations of  this world are on notice: they cannot play both sides of the balance  sheet, being for us and against us at the same time, and the benefits  of exchange will have to be fair for all. Frankly, I believe this  creates possibilities, possibilities for authentic relationships with  peoples around the world rather than a transactional one. If this  objective can be achieved, it will be constructive indeed. A healthy  American nationalism will lead to properly ordered international  engagement--for our benefit and the benefit of others.   Mr. Speaker, when the President spoke before the entirety of our  government, he also spoke before the House of Representatives. The  President's authoritative style, communicating the desire to devolve  power from Washington as well as Wall Street, interestingly repositions  Congress to its appropriate role in governing society through the power  of the people.   Mr. Speaker, it is statistically shown that the majority of Americans  believe that it is the job of Congress to do whatever the President  says. This is not true. Congress is an independent, coequal branch of  government that makes the law, which is interpreted by the judiciary  and enforced by the President. But across Democratic and across  Republican executive administrations more and more power has been taken  by the executive and has been ceded by Congress. This balance of power,  this necessary balance of power, this original idea of the balance of  power, has been out of balance for 100 years, and perhaps now a  realignment begins.  [[Page H595]]    Mr. Speaker, whether you love President Trump or you loathe him, or  whether you are someplace in between with certain apprehensions but  hoping that President Trump succeeds, Friday, Inauguration Day, was an  extraordinary American day. What we saw was the successful and peaceful  transfer of power.    Mr. Speaker, with that, I want to thank, again, my good friend, the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions), for yielding to me.   