 Mr. Speaker, I am so grateful that our colleagues across  the aisle have become so interested in the impact of the national debt  on the American people. I only wish that, during their time in control  of the White House, we had not doubled the national debt.   I am similarly grateful that Members on the other side of the aisle  would say that we should know the impact of legislation before we vote  for it because, after all, it was former Speaker Pelosi who said: Let's  vote for it so that we know what is in the Affordable Care Act.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today because following an 8-year cycle of  abandonment, it is time we do right by our military members and their  families. I rise in support of the brave warriors stationed at Eglin  Air Force Base, Naval Air Station Pensacola, and all across the globe.  The 2.1 percent pay raise we provide in this appropriation is a modest  downpayment on what is owed to those who put themselves in harm's way  for our freedom.   Our current state of military readiness is not acceptable. Half of  the planes in our Navy cannot fly. Pilots are leaving. Marines are  harvesting parts out of museums. Soldiers downrange don't have the  unrivaled equipment they need to match their unrivaled patriotism.   This $583 billion appropriation is a first step. It means 74 new F-35  aircraft. The F-35 is the most capable aircraft in the sky. Pilots have  greater survivability in the F-35. This matters so much to me. In my  district, we are training the next generation of F-35 pilots to fight  and win against any enemy we encounter in the skies.   This legislation also reflects our values by investing in cancer  research and traumatic brain injury research.   Now, some say we cannot focus on defense; we should focus on other  domestic priorities. I would simply say our adversaries are not  waiting. Our warfighters and military families are tired of waiting and  so am I.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I appreciated the gentleman from Florida's comments, but I would just  ask him: Why is the Republican leadership 5 months late in bringing a  defense appropriations bill to the floor?   We could have done this months ago. So if there was this urgency, it  seems to escape the Republican leadership.   I want to take issue with the gentlewoman from Wyoming when she says  that what is important today and what we are debating today is only  this Defense Appropriations bill.   As you know, we are currently debating the rule, and the rule is a  tool used to set the House agenda and to prioritize consideration of  legislation. For that very reason, this is, in fact, the appropriate  time for us to explain to the American people what legislation we would  like to prioritize, what is of grave concern to us, and what agenda we  would like to pursue in this House.   The fact of the matter is that, as we are speaking, the House Ways  and Means Committee and the Energy and Commerce Committee are marking  up TrumpCare, which we know, in all likelihood, is going to result in  millions of Americans losing their health insurance. We also are  concerned that it is going to cost the American taxpayer a boatload of  money.   What we are simply saying here today is that the Congressional Budget  Office, which we fund and we rely on, ought to be able to give us a  cost estimate, ought to tell us how much this is going to add to our  deficit, how much it is going to cost the American people, how many  people are going to lose their health care.   Why in the world would you rush a major piece of legislation through  committee and onto the floor without even knowing what you are talking  about?   I mean, this process constitutes mindless legislating. This is not  doing your job, and that is all we are requesting.   We can argue over whether or not you like the Affordable Care Act or  you don't. But whatever you are going to do, we ought to bring it to  the floor with everybody's eyes wide open and knowing what the impacts  are going to be.   Talk about lack of transparency, this TrumpCare bill was under lock  and key until just a couple of days ago. It was the best-kept secret in  the world. For 7 years, my friends have been talking about a  replacement bill. No one ever saw it. But all of a sudden, it is  brought out before the American people at a press conference and,  again, in a way that doesn't answer a lot of questions. It is being  rushed through committee, and it is going to be rushed onto the House  floor. That is not a good process.   I will remind my colleagues that when the Affordable Care Act was  considered here in the House, the House held 79 bipartisan hearings and  markups on the health insurance reform in 2009 and 2010. You have held  no hearings. None. There has been no expert testimony, no healthcare  professionals, no doctors, no patients, no nurses, no families,  nothing. There have been no hearings. The bill went right to markup.    House Members spent nearly 100 hours in hearings, heard from 181  witnesses from both sides of the aisle, considered 239 amendments, both  Democratic and Republican, accepted 21 amendments. Again, there have  been no hearings.   In markup, the Energy and Commerce Committee adopted 24 GOP  amendments. In markup, the Education and the Workforce Committee  adopted six GOP amendments. The original House bill was posted online  for 30 days before the first committee began their markup and more than  100 days before the tricommittees formally introduced their merged bill  in the House.   House Democrats posted their first House bill online for the promised  72-hour review. The Senate bill voted on in the House was online for 3  months, and the reconciliation bill was online for 72 hours of review  before the final vote.   House Democrats heard and answered questions from constituents at  more than 3,000 healthcare townhalls and public events. Tens of  thousands of emails, calls, and letters were logged in congressional  offices to register public comment. My friends are busy trying to avoid  public town meetings.   I am just simply saying that we are raising this issue because we are  deeply concerned about the prospect of millions of Americans losing  health care and about you adding God knows what to our deficit. I don't  think it is too much to come together in a bipartisan way to say: Let  us know what the costs are going to be, let us know what the impacts  are going to be. And if you still want to vote for TrumpCare, you can  vote for it, but you ought to know what you are voting for.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   