 Mr. President, I rise in support of my colleagues who have  come to the floor to urge the Senate to quickly pass funding for the  Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP.   CHIP provides comprehensive health insurance to 9 million low-income  children who don't qualify for Medicaid, including 18,000 children in  my home State of Delaware. Lots of other States would say that 18,000  children is a small number, but in Delaware that is a significant  population. Bluntly, whether it is 1 or 100 or 1,000 or 18,000, how can  we allow inaction in this Chamber to put at risk the healthcare of  millions of children across our country?   It has now been more than 3 weeks since funding for CHIP expired.  While some States have enough money in their accounts to carry them  through to the end of the year or just beyond, the uncertainty about  when or if CHIP funds will be reauthorized is causing chaos, concern,  and anxiety across the country. Some States will have to start issuing  notices to households that they will face the loss of CHIP coverage.  Imagine the unnecessary fear this will bring to parents and families  and struggling households across the country as they are facing other  challenges in their life.   This is totally unnecessary. We can stop this uncertainty right now  and bring needed stability for parents, children, and States and show  some kind of leadership from our Federal Government. I am a proud  cosponsor of the bipartisan KIDS Act, S. 1827, being led by Senator  Orrin Hatch of Utah and Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon. This KIDS Act  would extend funding for CHIP for 5 years. I urge the Senate to do  right by America's children and America's working families and swiftly  take up and pass this bill.   While we are on the topic of programs desperately in need of  reauthorization, I also want to draw attention to the expiration of the  Community Health Center Fund, which ensures access to cost-effective  primary and preventive care for 26 million patients across the country.  In my home State of Delaware, about 50,000 Delawareans benefit from  several community health centers that are widely respected, well run,  and provide affordable, accessible, and preventive healthcare in  communities up and down my State. Funding for this critical program  also lapsed more than 3 weeks ago, and now, sadly, community health  centers across my State and across the country are struggling to make  key decisions--decisions like signing new leases or signing on new  medical personnel to positions. Without certainty that the Federal  Government will authorize their funding, how can we expect health  centers to plan, to provide services, and to provide preventive  healthcare that improves health and strengthens our community?   We should do everything we can to swiftly pass a 5-year  reauthorization for funding for community health centers, such as the  bipartisan bill that Senator Blunt of Missouri and Senator Stabenow of  Michigan have introduced, the Community Health Investment,  Modernization, and Excellence Act of 2017, S. 1899, which I am proud to  support.   Folks, I urge that we work together in a bipartisan way. We should  not be using children's access to healthcare as a bargaining chip. We  should be taking up these two bills to provide reauthorization,  funding, and certainty immediately for both CHC and CHIP funding now  and without hesitation.   With that, I yield the floor.   