 Mr. President, the Senator from Massachusetts has  delivered a powerful message, obviously, one from the heart and a  compelling message. I want to thank her for that.   We have a bunch of new pages here. They showed up for duty earlier  this week, and they are generally, I think, rising juniors, probably 16  years old or so. Most of the 800,000 people who we are talking about  here as Dreamers came here before they were old enough to be a page,  and many of them were not even old enough to go to kindergarten or  first grade. They didn't come here by their own volition.   They were, for the most part, brought here by their parents. They  were brought here to flee horrific conditions in countries such as  Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador, where there is violence, murder,  and mayhem that is largely created because of our addiction to drugs in  this country. They send us drugs trafficked through those countries  from South America, and we send guns and money to places such as  Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador.   When we take into custody bad guys, people who are here illegally and  who are also criminals, where do we send them? We send them back to  Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. We send them criminals, and we  send guns and money to those three countries. The conditions that this  toxic mix creates are ones that I wouldn't want to submit my children  or my family to, and, frankly, a lot of the people in those three  countries feel the same way.   We are complicit in their misery. We are complicit in their misery,  and that is why so many folks in those three countries, which are  called the Northern Triangle, try to escape.   These kids didn't come here on their own. They came here with their  parents. Many of them, frankly, don't have any memories of where they  were born. We are not looking for them to become American citizens.  What DACA attempts to do is to give them some time--to give us some  time--to be able to make their stays here legal--something short of  citizenship.   If your hearts aren't touched by the stories that Senator Warren just  told us about these three young people, I want to take a little  different approach and express why we should care. I came here to the  Senate some years ago as a recovering Governor. I was privileged to be  Governor of Delaware from 1993 to 2001, and people say that I am still  a recovering Governor.   I have focused much of my life on public service and on creating a  nurturing environment for job creation and job preservation.  Presidents, Governors, Senators, and mayors like to talk about the jobs  they created and, in truth, we don't create jobs. People in our  positions try to create a more nurturing environment for job creation,  and that includes a quality workforce with the skills that are needed  by employers. It includes transportation infrastructure that works. It  includes public safety. It includes access to capital to finance the  projects. It includes a lot of things: energy, a reasonable tax burden,  and commonsense regulations. Those are some of the elements that create  a nurturing environment.   One of the top items on that list is always workforce--people who  have the skills that employers are looking for, people who have the  willingness to come to work and to work hard, to be trained, and to be  promoted, in many cases, and people who are honest.   I have not met 800 Dreamers. But at Delaware State University, which  is a historically Black college and university in Dover, DE--they have  been around for 125 years--there are about 40 Dreamers who are  undergraduates there, either freshmen or sophomores, and I have met  most of them. They are some of the most remarkable college students I  have ever met. These are students who aren't just getting by with a 2.0  average or 3.0 average. These are students who are on the dean's list,  who come to school on time, who don't cut classes, who make excellent  grades, who work in many cases part-time jobs to help support their  time in school, and who are anxious to be able to make real  contributions to our community, to our State, and to our country.   One young man, who was from El Salvador, at a public event we had 2  days ago on Tuesday at Delaware State University, said this to us--to  the president of the university, Harry Williams, and their new provost,  Tony Allen. He stood up, he held his hand over his heart, and he said:  Every day since I was the age of 5 in kindergarten, in the school I  held my hand over my heart and pledged allegiance to that flag. He  said: I don't have any other flag. I don't have any other country. This  is my country.   We need young men and young women like him.   I learned early this month, from the Department of Labor jobs report  for the month of August, that one of the things it shared with us was  that there are millions of jobs in this country that are going  unfilled. There are millions of jobs in this country that are going  unfilled. We have thousands of them in Delaware. Michigan probably has  tens of thousands. I was told by one of the Ohio Senators that there  are jobs in Ohio that are not being filled because the people who are  applying for them don't have the skills, the work ethic, or the record.  In some cases, they can't pass a drug test. Yet these employers in all  of our States need workers. In a day and age when we need workers with  the academic skills and the work skills--we need them probably more  than ever--we are ready to pack up 800,000 of them and send them back  to where their parents came from, where they were born.   It is in America's naked self-interest to ensure that these young  people are given a shot to make the kind of contributions that they are  capable of to meet the needs of hundreds of thousands of employers in  this country. Given that opportunity, they will make their parents  proud, and they will make us proud. They will make our Nation stronger  and more economically vibrant. It is in our interest to let them stay  and to welcome them here.   I will close with the words of Matthew 25: When I was a stranger in  your land, did you welcome me? Think about that. When I was a stranger  in your land, did you welcome me?   Let's welcome these young people. Let's put them to work.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from the Connecticut.   