 Mr. President, I rise to speak about this impending  attack upon the Affordable Care Act and the impact it can have on the  hospitals of our country, in terms of draining revenue from them; on  the issue of the impact on community health centers across our country  and the impact it can have upon them; upon the impact that the repeal  of the Affordable Care Act would have on the access of those who are  addicted to opioids who need help for opioids, who are in a situation  where they are going to need the Affordable Care Act, the access to  coverage, so their problems can be taken care of.   So this is no small threat. In fact, this goes right to the core of  what started in Massachusetts back 10 years ago when we as a  Commonwealth decided that care for people who needed health care was  going to be made available to them. We have proven in Massachusetts  that we are able to provide health care for 98 percent of our  population, at the same time having an unemployment rate of 3.2  percent, while simultaneously having the highest scores for kids in the  4th, 8th, and 10th grades in math, verbal, and science, while having  the strongest protections for the environment in the United States,  while having an energy efficiency standard that is the tops in the  United States.   We have proved conclusively that it is possible to ensure that people  do, in fact, receive access to the health care which they need while  simultaneously discharging our responsibilities to the economy, to  education, to the environment, to all of the other interests, all of  the other important stakes that we have in our country to ensure that  they are given the attention which they need.   It would be tragic if what we did as part of the Affordable Care Act  was to once again flood the emergency rooms of America with people who  otherwise would have had health care coverage under the Affordable Care  Act. That is a system we have used for 100 years, and it doesn't work  because it winds up with the insurance rates of people who do have  coverage going up in order to cover it. It winds up with the whole rest  of the medical system, in a very chaotic way, being forced to deal with  the consequences.   If we begin simultaneously to defund the community health centers  across the country and their ability to provide health care, then what  we have is a cascading impact that ultimately hits those people who are  the poorest, those people who are the most vulnerable. They are the  ones who are caught in the crosshairs of this incredible, almost  unbelievable attack which the Republicans are waging upon a health care  system that has already transformed the lives of 22 million people in  the United States.   It is unimaginable to me that we could be in that kind of discussion  right now on the floor of the Senate, but I understand it. This is  ideological. It is something that is completely and totally detached  from the reality of the benefits of the Affordable Care Act, as they  have in fact already positively affected tens of millions of families  inside the United States.   This week we are about to have an incredible battle waged against the  Affordable Care Act. Understand this, right in the crosshairs are the  hospitals of our country, not just the famous, big hospitals we all  know the names of but Catholic hospitals across our country, hospitals  that provide the service for people now under a much more orderly  system than they would have done if we had never put the Affordable  Care Act on the books in the first place.   At the forefront of all these issues, though, is this largest of all  public health epidemics that has ever faced the country, the heroin and  prescription opioid epidemic, like OxyContin, which is claiming the  lives of more than 90 people every single day across this country. In  Massachusetts alone, when all the final numbers have been gathered,  2,000 people will have died in the State of Massachusetts in the year  2016, and 1,500 of them will have been found to have had fentanyl in  their blood system. This is an epidemic of unbelievable proportions.  Fentanyl is the Godzilla of opioids. It is powerful and deadly and  knocking people down the streets all over Massachusetts, all over New  England, and all over our country. People are being robbed of their  potential and God-given abilities from this epidemic that knows no  socioeconomic, ethnic, or political boundaries, and Congress has  recognized the importance of tackling the Tsunami of heroin and  prescription opioid addiction that is laying waste to these  communities.   Just 1 month ago, on the Senate floor, Republicans and Democrats came  together and passed a bill to provide $1 billion in new resources to  States to address the opioid crisis, resources that can be and are  being dedicated to increasing access to treatment for opioid use  disorders. Yet, today, pending before the Senate is a Republican budget  whose entire premise is to repeal coverage for the exact same  vulnerable people who need access to treatment. Not only is that  nonsensical, it is downright cruel for all those families and  individuals who finally felt a sense of hope, the hope that new  resources could mean the difference between life and death for their  loved ones. If you kicked this policy in the heart, you would break  your toe. That is how heartless it is going to be in terms of its  impact upon ordinary families. With this budget, Republicans are  repealing the hope that has given families a reason to ensure that they  will have the coverage. This is going to make the problem even worse.    Medicaid pays $1 out of every $5 for substance use disorder treatment  in the United States. Without Federal investment in the Medicaid  program, States like Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Ohio, West Virginia,  and Kentucky, which are bearing the brunt of the opioid epidemic today,  will have to find even more money in their already dwindling State  budgets to aid those who need treatment. We all know what happens in  this scenario when States cannot find that money. The most vulnerable  among us, the ones who don't have a voice, are the ones who will suffer  the most.   The repeal of Medicaid expansion would rip coverage from an estimated  1.6 million newly insured individuals with substance use disorders. At  the same time, repeal will put big insurance companies back in charge.  If the Republicans have their way, insurance companies would be able to  discriminate against people, including individuals with a preexisting  condition like an addiction disorder. OxyContin, heroin, fentanyl  coverage--gone under the proposal the Republicans are making on the  Senate floor this week.   Let's recognize that the Republicans are not just repealing  ObamaCare; they are repealing hope. Those suffering from addiction  don't have time for Republicans to come up--possibly, maybe,  potentially soon, sometime, in the indefinite future--with a  replacement plan.   There are 1.6 million people who have insurance for substance  disorders right now for heroin, for OxyContin, for fentanyl. These are  the people who could potentially die because they don't have medical  coverage. What is the plan the Republicans have to deal with these 1.6  million people who are already under a substance disorder medical  coverage plan? What is their plan for these families who are already  desperate for the medical help they are going need in order to stay  alive, in order to get the help they and their families need? Those  families know that any delay in a replacement being put on the books  could be the difference between getting clean or getting buried.   This repeal effort is the worst kind of bait and switch. It is  happening at a  [[Page S128]]  time when the American people can least afford it. Repeal is being done  at the same time the Republican budget gives billions, tens of  billions, hundreds of billions of dollars to corporations and to the  wealthy in tax breaks. So look at that as the balance we are talking  about: 1.6 million people who have an addiction, a substance abuse  problem, lose their coverage, but billionaires and corporations get the  money through tax breaks that are going to be saved from cutting those  programs for those who have a medical problem. That is immoral, ladies  and gentlemen. That is plain and simply immoral.   You cannot give tax breaks to the wealthiest in our country until you  take care of those who are the sickest, until you take care of those  who are most in need, until you take care of those with substance abuse  disorders in our country. It is immoral to cut the programs so you can  give tax breaks to the wealthiest within our society.   We will not save lives and stop this scourge by paying lip service to  providing treatment, but this is not the only casualty of this  misguided budget before us. The hospitals that each and every one of  our constituents depends upon are also at risk. The Affordable Care Act  became law in no small part due to the support of those hospitals  across the country. During that debate they knew full well the impact  that a lack of insurance had not just on individuals but on the entire  health care system.   The hospitals are on the frontlines of witnessing the financial  burden that uninsured patients have on the system. We tell them they  can never turn away a patient in need; then, when these patients cannot  afford to pay for the care, it is up to the hospitals to foot the bill.  So the hospitals told us that if we worked to reduce the number of  uninsured they had to care for, then they would help us pay for  improving the entire system.   They did pay, in no small part. That is why we have a new system in  our country. As part of the ACA, the hospitals agreed to give up over  $150 billion in payment reductions between 2010 and 2019. Those payment  reductions came largely from Medicare and were attacked relentlessly by  opponents of ObamaCare as an act to destroy the program, but the  prophesied destruction did not occur, and the impact on Medicare has  been quite the opposite.   Since passage of the Affordable Care Act, Medicare has seen its  lowest per-member rate of spending growth in its 50-year history.  Premiums paid by enrollees in Medicare Parts B and D have gone down.  Perhaps most importantly, the savings have contributed to keeping our  promise to America's seniors by ensuring that the program will continue  to be there for them. Medicare's projected insolvency in the year 2017  has been extended for over a decade. All of this is possible, thanks to  America's hospitals.   Here is what the Republicans are saying to Grandma and Grandpa: Yes,  the Affordable Care Act extended the solvency of Medicare 10 years  beyond 2017. We are repealing that bill. So, insolvency comes almost  immediately to the Medicare system. What a great signal to send to  Grandma and Grandpa this year with this bill on the Senate floor:  insolvency of the Medicare system, the one thing that Grandma and  Grandpa, and, by the way, everybody else inside every family in America  is depending upon to take care of Grandma and Grandpa.   So will the budget before us return the savings they are expecting  from this bill to the hospitals to help them cover the cost of Grandma  and Grandpa? No. For that to happen, Medicare costs will go up. Higher  costs will lead to higher premiums for every enrollee in Medicare Parts  B and D. These higher costs will also be realized in the entirety of  the Medicare Part A program, reducing the time of insolvency from 2028,  down to 2024, 2023, 2022, or even earlier.   Those results are unacceptable to the Members of this Chamber and to  their constituents, so it is now going to be a historic debate that we  have. We can decide instead to simply not cut off the 20 million  Americans from the insurance they need. We can ensure that hospitals  have the resources to focus on the care for patients when it matters  most. We can keep the promise to America's seniors that Medicare will  be there to cover their needs when necessary.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Thank you. I yield to Senator Daines.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Young). The Senator from Montana.    Thank you. I yield to Senator Daines.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Young). The Senator from Montana.    Thank you. I yield to Senator Daines.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Young). The Senator from Montana.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I just want to follow up on the statements made by the Senator from  Connecticut, Mr. Blumenthal, and the Senator from Hawaii, Mr. Schatz.  They have laid out in eye-watering detail the problems that the  Republicans are creating by their attempt to repeal the Affordable Care  Act. What Senator Schatz and Senator Blumenthal did was just get to the  heart of this matter.   What the United States did for 100 years was to not run a health care  system but to run a sick care system--a system that spent 97 cents on  what happens after people got sick and only 3 cents of every dollar on  trying to prevent people from getting sick. For the first time in  American history, that changed in the Affordable Care Act.   What President Obama did, what America did was to create a Prevention  and Public Health Fund, and that fund in the Affordable Care Act is  spent on prevention programs. It is spent on looking at people who  could get asthma, diabetes, heart disease, obesity, high blood  pressure, stroke, or die from too much smoking and just say for the  first time, in a comprehensive way, that the United States was going to  put programs in place that would prevent people from getting the  diseases that every preceding generation of Americans have suffered  from. That is what the prevention fund is all about. That is what the  Republicans are going to repeal, take off the books--this fundamental  change to the direction toward prevention, toward wellness that all  Americans of all generations want to see remain on the books.   In Massachusetts, if you are in New Bedford or Fall River or if you  are in Springfield, those programs target racial minorities, they  target low-income families, they target seniors who would otherwise be  vulnerable to diseases that these programs can help to prevent. That  money is just going to be sliced out of the Federal budget. What will  be the consequences? Well, quite clearly, it will cost America a lot  more money.   For example, my father died from lung cancer, smoking two packs of  Camels a day. How many other fathers, mothers, sisters, and brothers  die from a totally preventable disease? Well, ladies and gentlemen,  this prevention fund put into place the kind of funding on a consistent  basis not just for antismoking programs but for all programs across the  books.   I will give you a good example. Back in the 1930s, no women, for the  most part, died from lung cancer in the United States. But in the 1950s  and 1960s, the tobacco industry hired the smartest PR person in  America. This campaign basically said: ``You've come a long way,  baby.'' You have an equal right to get cancer, as your husband,  boyfriend, father, or brother has, and 20 years later, unbelievably,  women began to die in the United States from lung cancer at a rate that  was higher than the number of women who were dying from breast cancer.   Now that is a public relations success of the first and highest  magnitude. We didn't have prevention programs in place. We didn't have  a warning system to say to women, to say to kids: This is dangerous to  your health. What did we see? We saw just about every family in America  with somebody who died from lung cancer--pretty much every family--and  it was totally preventable.   Well, inside of the Affordable Care Act we have this huge, great,  innovative breakthrough--a health and prevention program that could be  used in every city, every town, and every State across the whole  country, targeting the most vulnerable, the most likely to be targeted,  the ones most likely to be engaging in dangerous behaviors that are  otherwise preventable. We have cured most of the diseases that our  grandparents died from. The diseases that people die from today are the  diseases that they give to themselves. They are behavioral choices.  They are environmental situations into which they are placed that then  result in them, unfortunately, contracting the chronic diseases that  wind up first harming them and ultimately killing them.   What is a good example? Well, a good example is opioids. Opioids are  now a killer of a magnitude that is almost incomprehensible. In  Massachusetts, 2,000 people died in 2016 from opioid overdoses. Now, we  are only 2 percent of the population of the United States of America.  If you multiply that by 50, it is 100,000 people dying from opioid  overdoses if they die at the same rate as the people who are dying in  Massachusetts--100,000 a year, two Vietnam wars of deaths every single  year from opioid overdoses. If ever there was a preventable disease, if  ever there was something that was completely and totally subject to  having programs put in place that could help people avoid ever getting  into that addiction situation--or, once they did, giving them the  program money which they need--then opioid addiction is it.   Well, what the Republicans are doing here is just wiping it out. They  are wiping out that prevention fund. Moreover, just for the sake of  understanding how incredible everything they are considering is going  to be in terms of prevention of opioid disease, Medicaid right now pays  $1 out of every $5 for substance use disorder treatment in the United  States of America. In other words, without these prevention funds,  without Medicaid funding, the only choice for these families is either  getting help or getting buried. That is the bottom line. What the  Republicans are doing is just wiping out the help.    So the option is going to be not just 2,000 in Massachusetts  multiplied by 50,000, 100,000 deaths a year, we are just going to see  this number skyrocket because without public health, without prevention  programs, this is an inexorability, it is an inevitability. This is the  future. This is just a repetition of everything America did for the  preceding 100 years before we put the Affordable Care Act on the books.  It doesn't make any difference whether you come from Connecticut or  Hawaii, from Virginia or Michigan, from Massachusetts or from any other  State in the Union, there are no barriers to opioid overdose, tobacco  deaths, obesity, all of these preventable diseases. It is all coming as  a preview of coming attractions to families all across the country.  Here it is. This is what the Republicans are promising you: your  family, once again, exposed.   Listen to this number. When the Affordable Care Act gets repealed by  the Republicans, if they are successful--listen to this number: 1.6  million people who right now are covered for substance use disorders  will no longer have coverage. Let me say that again: 1.6 million people  who have coverage for substance use disorders will no longer be  covered. So we have the prevention fund over here, we have the  insurance over here--both gone.   I say to my colleagues, these Republicans--it is almost unbelievable.  If you kick them in the heart, you are going to break their toe. We are  talking about the most vulnerable people in our country. We are looking  at the children. We are looking at people who have substance abuse  disorders. We are looking at people who otherwise would never have  smoked a day in their life if prevention programs were in place. We are  looking at people who would never have to suffer through a life of  obesity because the programs were put in place.   What are they saying? They are saying we are going to substitute and  create a new program. When? Maybe soon. Maybe just around the corner.  Maybe next year. Maybe whenever we get to it. What do you say to those  families? What do we say to them?   This isn't just health care; this is also hope. This is also hope for  these families who have chronic diseases, these families who have  diseases that were otherwise preventable.   What the Republicans are saying is, we are just going to pull a bait  and switch on you. We are going to repeal right now and replace at some  point of our choosing in the future, even though we have harbored an  ancient animosity toward the creation of a national law in the first  place, and the American people are supposed to gullibly accept that  argument. Well, we know what they have always wanted to do: leave all  of these health care programs, from Medicare to Medicaid, to Social  Security, as death-soaked relics of the programs as they have been  created by Franklin Delano Roosevelt, by Lyndon Johnson, by Bill  Clinton, by Barack Obama. They have always harbored  [[Page S163]]  that animosity toward those programs. This is just the beginning of an  assault upon generations of promises to American families who have been  transformed by these programs.   Let us fight hard, I say to my colleagues, to make sure these  prevention funds are not taken off the books. It is the transformative  way of looking at health care which the Affordable Care Act introduced  into our society. I thank my friend Senator Blumenthal for leading us  on this charge and Senator Schatz.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Virginia.   