 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this dangerous bill. I asked my  local law enforcement what they thought of folks from out of State who  don't meet our local requirements coming into our communities with  loaded concealed firearms. These are the folks who are on the front  lines of fighting gun violence, and we should listen to what they have  to say.    Our Sonoma County sheriff opposes this bill and says it would  negatively affect our community and put citizens and his deputies in  greater danger.   The chief of police from my hometown in St. Helena said: As a  lifelong proponent of the ability to own, possess, and carry firearms  within the provisions of the law, I am wholeheartedly against H.R. 38.   Like many of us, he asks: How long will it take before someone who  can't meet the legal requirements to concealed carry in California goes  to some other State with little or no standards and gets a permit from  that State?   Our chief of police in Martinez opposes this bill and says that it is  a race to the bottom.   Overwhelmingly, law enforcement in my district strongly oppose this  bill. Moreover, there is a reason no major law enforcement  organizations have come out in support of this bill. It is dangerous,  and it is unnecessary.   I think my colleagues should stand with law enforcement--the people  that keep us and our families safe--and oppose this bill. Every example  that was given from my friends across the aisle doesn't pertain to this  bill. They talk about, in their States, concealed carry. Texas was the  last one. In Texas, there is a standard you have to meet to get a  concealed carry permit.   If this bill passes, you erase that standard. Somebody from out of  State who is a violent criminal can come in with a loaded concealed  firearm in the State of Texas. Someone who is a criminal in the State  of Texas, where there are rules, can go to another State, get a  concealed carry permit, and bring that loaded, concealed firearm into  the State of Texas. This is bad policy, and it should be opposed.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit  at the desk.    I am opposed.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment  to the bill, which will not kill the bill nor send it back to  committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final  passage, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, next week will be the fifth anniversary of the hideous  mass murder at Sandy Hook Elementary, where 20 kids and six educators  were slaughtered in their classroom.   This year, we have witnessed two of the worst mass shootings in  recent American history: in Las Vegas, Nevada, and in Sutherland  Springs, Texas. Every day more than 30 people are killed by someone  using a gun. This should be a call to action for everyone to work  together to help prevent gun violence. That is why 90 percent of  Americans support strengthening our gun laws, not weakening them.   Let's be clear about what this Congress is going to do today. Instead  of taking serious action on bump stocks or expanding background checks,  the majority party is undermining the very laws that work to prevent  gun violence.   For example, some States allow people who have been convicted of some  violent crimes to carry a loaded, concealed firearm.   Thirty States and the District of Columbia currently deny permits to  people convicted of those violent crimes, such as assault and battery,  threatening, or crimes committed with a weapon. So if you are from any  of these States--Alaska, California, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida,  Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana,  [[Page H9702]]  Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana,  Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina,  North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia, West  Virginia, or the District of Columbia--a vote for this underlying bill  is a vote to undermine your own State gun violence prevention policy,  because this bill says that, even if your State prohibits its own  residents who have been convicted of certain violent crimes, you can't  prohibit someone from another State with the same criminal record from  carrying a loaded, concealed firearm if their State allows it.   This motion to recommit would state that a person who has been  convicted of a violent crime within the preceding 3 years may not  possess or carry a concealed handgun in a State that prohibits a person  from doing so on the basis of a conviction for that very same offense.  This would be people convicted of crimes such as resisting arrest,  assault, permitting sexual abuse of a minor, aggravated assault, or  violation of a criminal sexual assault protection order--all violent  crimes.   An ``aye'' vote on this motion to recommit is a pro-States' rights,  pro-Second Amendment, and anticriminal vote.   I am a gun owner. I have been all of my life. I am not opposed to  concealed carry, but I am opposed to violent criminals having guns, and  Members should be, too.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this motion to recommit; and  if they vote against it, they are voting to allow violent criminals,  convicted criminals, to carry loaded, concealed firearms in their  community, in their State, and in their district. That is wrong. We  should prohibit that from happening.   It is a real easy fix. It could have been fixed in committee. It  could have been fixed in committee. They could have taken care of the  concerns that they have with the restrictions on concealed carry, and  they could have stopped criminals, convicted criminals, from carrying  loaded, concealed firearms. But the committee didn't do it.   We have a chance now. It is the last chance to do it before this bill  comes to a vote. I urge my friends on both sides of the aisle to vote  for this motion to recommit.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   