 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2105, the NIST Small Business  Cybersecurity Act of 2017, a bipartisan effort to help small businesses  implement the NIST Cybersecurity Framework for Critical Infrastructure.   I thank Mr. Webster for his work on the bill and all of my colleagues  on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee for their support of  the bill.   I would also like to thank Senator Schatz and my colleagues in the  Senate for working to pass the companion version over there, which I  hope that we can follow suit on here today.  [[Page H7938]]    The NIST cybersecurity framework provides valuable guidance on  cybersecurity best practices for organizations of all sizes, but small  businesses often don't have the time or resources to figure out how to  adapt it to their needs and implement it. This bill directs NIST to  create clear guidelines, tools, and best practices specifically for  small businesses so that they can protect their networked resources.   Most small businesses do not have significant IT departments. Some do  not even have any dedicated information security personnel. Thus, they  may be more at risk of cyber attack than large enterprises.   According to data released last month, 53 percent of American  businesses of all sizes suffered a cyber attack in the past year. Of  those, 72 percent spent more than $5,000 to investigate and recover. A  2016 report found that 42 percent of businesses suffered a cyber attack  of some kind.   Incidents like these do not only hurt individual small-business  owners, employees, and customers, they hurt American competitiveness.   In my district in the southwest suburbs of Chicago, there is a  fourth-generation family manufacturing business that has suffered  multiple sophisticated phishing attacks. The few times they have fallen  victim to these attacks, the costs have been significant. The owners  have told me that they would welcome guidance on affordable, off-the- shelf resources to strengthen their cyber defenses and let them get  back to focusing on their business.   This is a story repeated across the country. That is why we must act,  and we must pass this bill for our small businesses. The guidelines  created under this bill, like the NIST framework, will be voluntary, so  we won't be adding to the regulatory burden on small businesses.  Instead, we will be offering them an opportunity to secure their  networks so that they can compete on a level playing field.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson), the ranking  member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we all have come down here and talked about the  importance of small business. We know how important small businesses  are to our country, the real engine of our economic growth.   We also know that, in most small businesses today, they don't have  the capabilities to have an IT department or the expertise that they  need to protect themselves from the continual cyber attacks, the theft  of data that we hear about. But those attacks and that theft of data  does not only happen for large companies; it is also a threat to small  businesses. Therefore, we need to do all that we can to make sure that  they are capable of protecting themselves so that our small businesses  can continue to thrive and be the economic engine that they are.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill. We get something good done  for our small businesses. I urge them to support this, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairmen Chabot and Smith and  Ranking Members Velazquez and Johnson for their leadership on this  bill.   The SBIR and STTR programs have helped countless innovative small  businesses grow jobs through American ingenuity. This bill will make  these programs work even better by providing small businesses with  additional tools for bringing innovations to market. Better SBIR and  STTR programs mean more successful small businesses and more jobs.   I especially want to thank my colleagues for supporting inclusion of  two provisions that I put forward in committee.   First, the bill increases the amount of money that grant recipients  are allowed to spend on business and technical services, like market  research, intellectual property protection; or participation in  entrepreneurial training programs, like the highly successful  Innovation Corps program. This helps small businesses, especially  startups, use their funds where they know they are needed most, for  technical assistance, creative approaches to problem solving, and other  types of guidance needed in today's complex marketplaces.   Second, this bill expands the highly successful Phase 0 Proof of  Concept Partnership pilot program, which I helped create at the  National Institutes of Health in a previous SBIR reauthorization. This  highly successful program provides the earliest funding for researchers  exploring the possibility of turning their research into a viable  medical product.   After just 2 years in operation, the three hubs created by the NIH  program have filed 30 patent applications, negotiated 14 technology  licenses, formed 7 companies, and have 70 promising technologies in the  pipeline.   This bill extends the Phase 0 program for another 5 years at NIH and  expands it to the National Science Foundation, NASA, and the Department  of Energy. In doing so, we will be giving a needed boost to more  researchers who are budding entrepreneurs who will create the jobs of  tomorrow.    Mr. Speaker, our small businesses deserve support as they drive  America's economic growth. This bill will give innovators and  entrepreneurs additional tools to drive this growth that we so  desperately need. So I strongly urge my colleagues to support this  bill.   