 Mr. Speaker, while the Affordable Care Act  has been in effect since 2010, it has only provided actual access to  health insurance benefits through the exchange and Medicaid expansion  for a little over 3 years--beginning in 2014.   In that short period of time, however, serious problems and flaws  have been exposed, yet in recent months the law's systemic problems  have been trivialized or ignored by many.   Today, buying an insurance policy on the exchanges with high  premiums, high copays, and most importantly, exceedingly high  deductibles make the actual utilization of health benefits far costlier  than originally advertised.   Americans were told repeatedly that the ACA would save up to $2,500  in premium payments per family per year. President Obama said: ``I will  sign a universal health care bill into law by the end of my first term  as president that will cover every American and cut the cost of a  typical family's premium by up to $2,500 a year.''   That didn't happen--not even close.   Nationwide, since 2016, gross premiums before subsidies in the  Bronze-priced tier rose a whopping 27 percent, silver 24 percent and  gold 32 percent.   That should come as no surprise. As early as August 2012, Politifact  found President Obama's promise to be untrue and labeled the statement  a ``promise broken'' in a Politifact report entitled: NO cut in  premiums for typical family.   Health insurance consumers were promised they could keep their  insurance plan if they liked it and keep their trusted doctors as well.  That didn't happen either.   As a matter of fact, several million were kicked off insurance plans  they were very satisfied with--like my wife and I--only to be forced  into an Obamacare plan that we didn't want and was more expensive.   Also, in New Jersey--like much of the nation--insurance companies are  pulling out of the exchanges. Insurers continue to exit the individual  market and the exchange has experienced a net loss of 88 insurers.  Today, five states only have one insurer option. At home, last year  five insurance carriers offered plans on the New Jersey exchange, today  only two remain. The exodus of insurance companies from the individual  market is an unsustainable and ominous trend.   Mr. Speaker, almost twice as many Americans have paid the financial  penalty--pursuant to what is euphemistically called the ``individual  mandate''--for not buying a health insurance plan--or have received an  exemption from the individual mandate as those who have actually  purchased a plan through the exchange. By the numbers that means 19.2  million taxpayers either paid the individual mandate penalty or claimed  an exemption, compared to 10.3 million individuals who paid for plans  on the Obamacare exchanges.   Obamacare also increased taxes by about one trillion dollars.   For example, beginning in 2020, a new 40% excise tax on employer  provided comprehensive health insurance plans is scheduled to take  effect. Any plan provided by an employer exceeding $10,200 for  individuals and $27,500 for families will be taxed at 40 percent for  each dollar above those numbers. According to the Kaiser Family  Foundation this so-called Cadillac tax will hit 26 percent of employers  by 2020.   According to the IRS, approximately 10 million families took  advantage of the chronic care tax deduction which is now been redefined  out of reach for many. New taxes combined with skyrocketing premiums,  copays and deductibles underscores the need for serious review,  reevaluation and reform.   That said Mr. Speaker, I remain deeply concerned--and will vote no  today--largely because the pending bill cuts Medicaid funding  [[Page H2439]]  by an estimated $839 billion over ten years according to the  Congressional Budget Office (CBO), rolls back Medicaid expansion,  cancels essential health benefits such as maternity and newborn care,  hospitalization, pediatric services, and mental health and substance  use treatment, and includes ``per capita caps''--all of which will  likely hurt disabled persons, the elderly and the working poor.   For years, I have supported Medicaid expansion as a meaningful way of  providing access to health care for struggling individuals and families  living above the poverty line but still poor despite being employed--80  percent of all Medicaid enrollees in New Jersey are families with at  least one working adult in 2017.   Although more than 800,000 children are served by Medicaid in my  state, the bulk of Medicaid funds are spent assisting the disabled and  the elderly. In New Jersey approximately 74 percent of all Medicaid  spending goes directly to assist persons with disabilities and senior  citizens. Two out of every five people in nursing homes are on  Medicaid.   According to the New Jersey Department of Human Services, in New  Jersey total enrollment in Medicaid in February 2017 was 1.77 million  people. Of that a significant number are newly enrolled under Medicaid  expansion--663,523 ``newly eligible.''   These people are in need and deserve our support. Current law  provides states that opted to embrace Medicaid Expansion--like New  Jersey--95 percent of the costs for the ``newly enrolled.'' The federal  share drops to 90 percent by 2020.   The proposed American Health Care Act continues Medicaid expansion  however only until 2020. Those enrolled before December 31, 2019 would  be grandfathered in at the 90 percent match rate but the federal-state  match formula would then be reduced to a range between 75 percent-25  percent to 50 percent-50 percent or any new enrollee.   What does that mean?   The United State Conference of Catholic Bishops wrote each of us on  March 17th: ``. . . it is our assessment that some provisions are  commendable (and they reference the pro-life safeguards and other  noteworthy provisions in the bill) . . . while others present grave  challenges that must be addressed before passage . . . millions of  people who would be eligible for Medicaid under current law will be  negatively impacted due to reduced funding from the per capita cap  system proposed in the legislation, according to the CBO. Those  struggling families who currently receive Medicaid coverage from the  recent expansion will see dramatic changes through the AHCA as well,  without clear indication of affordable, adequate coverage to replace  their current options. Many states begin their legislative sessions  every cycle by attempting to overcome major deficits. State and local  resources are unlikely to be sufficient to cover the gaps that will be  created in the health care system as financial responsibility is  further shifted to the states. Congress must rework the Medicaid- related provisions of the AHCA to fix these problems and ensure access  for all, and especially for those most in need.''   A letter led by the Consortium For Citizens with Disabilities, and  signed by over 60 organizations states:   ``Dramatic reductions in federal support for Medicaid will force  states to cut services and/or eligibility that puts the health and  wellbeing of people with disabilities at significant risk. In fact,  people with disabilities are particularly at risk because so many  waiver and home- and community-based services are optional Medicaid  services and will likely be the first services cut when states are  addressing budgetary shortfalls. The health, functioning, independence,  and wellbeing of 10 million enrollees living with disabilities and,  often, their families, depends on funding the services that Medicaid  provides. Likewise, Medicaid Expansion provides coverage for millions  of people with disabilities and their caregivers who previously fell  into healthcare coverage gaps. For many people with disabilities, being  able to access timely, needed care is a life or death matter. The  drastic cuts to Medicaid that will result from per capita caps and the  ultimate elimination of Medicaid Expansion will endanger millions.''   Autism Speaks, a leading autism awareness, science, and advocacy  group, further articulated another concern, that ``the choice of 2016  as a baseline year for per capita caps may prevent states from  addressing the needs of children with autism. In July 2014 the Center  for Medicaid and CHIP Services issued an informational bulletin  clarifying Medicaid coverage of services to children with autism,  including benefit requirements for the Early and Periodic Screening,  Diagnostic, and Treatment (EPSDT) program. Although EPSDT is a  mandatory Medicaid program, few states in 2016 funded autism services  at the required standard of care. Locking in 2016 as a baseline year  can only perpetuate this historic underfunding of EPSDT benefits.''   