 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, today I rise to express my strong  opposition to partisan attempts to engage in a fast-track process to  take health insurance away from hundreds of thousands of individuals in  my State and millions across our country. In Michigan alone, 887,000  people are in jeopardy of losing their health coverage if Republicans  have their way and repeal the Affordable Care Act without a  replacement. Important protections for people with preexisting  conditions will disappear. Not only will they lose them but so will  their spouses and children.   We will be repealing reforms that have benefitted seniors and saved  more than 5 million beneficiaries an average of over $1,000 in drug  costs in 2015. Repealing the Affordable Care Act will significantly  increase drug costs for those seniors and threaten long-term solvency  for Medicare. Republicans are rushing a process that increases Medicare  costs for seniors and weakens the program for future generations. Our  Nation's seniors have worked hard their entire lives, and they deserve  our best efforts to ensure they can depend on Medicare to help them  enjoy a dignified and secure retirement.   Over 1 million seniors are enrolled in Medicare in Michigan, and they  deserve a health care program that will cover the costs of prescription  drugs and other health care services they need. Since 1965, Medicare  has done a tremendous job of giving seniors the care they need, and we  should be working to strengthen this successful program, not putting it  at risk.   Let's be clear. Reforms in the ACA extend the solvency of Medicare by  over a decade. Let me say that again. It extends the solvency of  Medicare for over a decade.   Given these challenges, we have to ask: Why are we rushing to  dismantle these reforms?   We are rushing a process that will ultimately hurt the Medicare  Program, our Nation's seniors, and so many others.   Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle suggest that we  can simply keep or quickly reinstate the popular parts of this law,  such as preventing discrimination based on preexisting conditions,  allowing children to stay on their parents' coverage until they are 26,  and helping seniors afford their prescriptions. I would pose this  simple question to any of my colleagues advocating for repeal: What  comes next? Show us your plan. Just show us your plan.   Former Governor Cuomo of New York famously said: ``You can campaign  in poetry, but govern in prose.'' We are now facing a majority that  campaigned on a bumper sticker and is trying to govern with an IOU.  Enacting a repeal of the ACA that takes effect at some undetermined  point in the future will create chaos in our insurance markets. Health  care reform is not a stand-alone program that can be removed overnight  without creating widespread ramifications for our economy.   Yesterday, I attended the North American International Auto Show in  Detroit. As a Michigander, I am always thinking about cars. Let me  suggest an analogy. Many Republicans in Congress talk about the ACA  like it is some sort of after-market addition on a car--a flashy rear  spoiler, perhaps, or new rims that can just be unbolted and removed.  Well, the ACA is actually like the antilock brakes that keep a driver  from getting into an accident in the first place and the airbags that  deploy to protect everyone inside when the worst happens.   I agree that our health care system needs a tuneup, but we cannot  start ripping out safety features without a plan to help keep us safe  on the road. We need to fix the Affordable Care Act. We need to do more  for small business owners who want to do right by their employees and  provide them with quality, affordable health care coverage.   I have offered and supported several proposals to fix the Affordable  Care Act, including measures to help our Nation's small businesses. I  am ready to work with my colleagues across the aisle to improve this  law. However, repealing the ACA without showing the American people  their plan for replacement is quite simply irresponsible.   I understand Americans want to see positive changes to the Affordable  Care Act, and I agree with them. We should be working together to enact  bipartisan improvements through regular order, not fast-tracking  repeal. The fact is that most Americans do not want to have this law  repealed entirely. In the New York Times, a woman named Patricia  Meadows from Macomb County, MI, who voted for President-Elect Trump,  stated that she  [[Page S198]]  hoped that President-Elect Trump would not repeal the Affordable Care  Act. Ms. Meadows revealed that, because of the Affordable Care Act, her  daughter was able to obtain insurance coverage for just $50 a month.   Another constituent from my State, Ben Irwin, revealed to CNN that  the Affordable Care Act allowed him to take his dream job at a small  firm that didn't provide health insurance. Because of the ACA, Ben was  able to get private insurance at an affordable cost. Without the ACA,  he would have been forced to work at a larger company just to have  access to affordable health care.   Ben's story is not unique. I heard from countless entrepreneurs that  the Affordable Care Act ended job lock and has enabled them to start  their own businesses and pursue careers and dreams they otherwise would  not be able to pursue.   I heard from a constituent in Saline, MI, who contacted my office to  say that the ACA provided her with the coverage she needed to fight her  son's aggressive cancer. This same woman later discovered during her  first appointment, after gaining her own ACA coverage, that she, too,  had cancer. The ACA gave her and her son the coverage they needed to  fight their cancer without fear of being kicked off of their insurance  plan.   I have also heard from a father in Traverse City, MI. He contacted my  office to say that the expanded health coverage under the ACA literally  saved his son's life. Before the ACA, his son only had access to  emergency room care. His father often wondered: Why is it that I had to  wait until my son tried to kill himself before I could get help? Now,  due to the ACA, this father and his son have the health coverage they  need to appropriately treat his son's mental illness.   These stories are just a fraction of the thousands upon thousands of  stories my staff and I have heard about how the ACA has positively  impacted people's lives.   I am asking my colleagues to just take a moment and think about the  individuals they will be hurting. We are talking about mothers and  fathers, children, seniors, and even our Nation's veterans.   As a former lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy Reserve, I  understand the tremendous sacrifice our men and women in uniform  undertake to defend our freedom. I believe we have a duty to honor  their service to the best of our ability, both during and after  service.   Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, hundreds of thousands  of uninsured veterans have gained insurance coverage. Between 2013 and  2015, when key provisions of the Affordable Care Act were implemented,  such as the Medicaid expansion and the private exchange, the number of  uninsured veterans decreased by 42 percent. Uninsured rates for spouses  of veterans and their dependents have decreased as well. These veterans  represent a small fraction of the individuals this fast-track process  will hurt.   I have proposed an amendment that will simply require Republicans to  show us their plan for providing these veterans the health care  benefits they deserve before they vote to repeal the ACA and take it  away. Every American deserves to know what will happen to their health  benefits before Republicans vote to take them away. Please, just show  us your plan.   But our Nation's veterans, who have risked their lives and health to  keep us safe, should have the right of knowing how Republicans will  ensure that veterans who gained health care coverage following  enactment of the ACA do not lose their coverage.   The damage of repealing the ACA stretches beyond affected individuals  and families. It will disrupt hospitals and businesses and create  tremendous economic uncertainty.   Hospitals in my State, especially rural facilities, are absolutely  terrified about what the ACA repeal means for them and their ability to  stay open and to serve patients in their community. Executives from two  hospitals in the rural Upper Peninsula of Michigan have told my office  about how coverage expansions under ACA have allowed many critical  access hospitals in Michigan's rural communities to afford their  operations for the first time ever. If the ACA is repealed, they tell  me that these critical access hospitals will be forced to close-- forcing residents in rural communities to drive over 2 hours to seek  hospital care.   A recent report by the Urban Institute predicts that if the ACA is  repealed without replacement, uncompensated care costs sought from  hospitals and doctors will reach $1.7 trillion over the next 10 years.  This will bankrupt many of our Nation's hospitals, killing jobs, and  severely limiting access for their patients. We can and must do better.   We owe the American people a better health care system and not a  bigger deficit. Unfortunately, that is exactly what we are going to be  getting under repeal. This budget resolution before us would increase  annual deficits by upwards of $1 trillion. It will add more than $9  trillion to the Federal debt over 10 years, leaving our entire economy  on shaky ground, while ripping health care from millions of Americans.   In their rush to repeal the ACA and fulfill years of campaign  promises, I am concerned my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  have not fully considered the far-reaching ramifications their actions  might have. They have refused to slow this process down and fully think  through the actions they are about to take.   A University of Michigan study published in the New England Journal  of Medicine just last week found that Medicaid expansion in my State  alone generates at least 30,000 jobs every year. In addition, a recent  study by the nonpartisan and independent Commonwealth Fund found that  the ACA repeal could lead to significant economic disruption and  substantial job losses in every State, including over 100,000 private  sector jobs in Michigan and 2.6 million jobs around our Nation.   By any and all means, the level of uncertainty repealing the ACA will  create is bad business practice, and I assure my colleagues that it is  very bad for business. We owe it to our constituents to do our  homework, to govern with facts, and to be informed.   Republicans have refused to listen to health care experts who tell  them that enacting a repeal of the ACA will cause insurance premiums to  skyrocket. Republicans have refused to listen to economists when they  tell them this will spike our national debt and lead to substantial job  losses. Republicans have refused to listen when the nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office has told them that repealing the Affordable  Care Act will cause millions of Americans to lose their health  coverage. And Republicans have refused to listen when actuaries state  that the ACA repeal will weaken Medicare and increase drug costs for  seniors.   Republicans have refused to listen when Democrats have simply asked  them to slow down, come to the table, and work in a bipartisan way to  find solutions to make the health care system work even better.  Instead, Republicans have opted to move full steam ahead with this  process that will certainly make America sick again.   Why move forward with this fast-track process to repeal the  Affordable Care Act? Why repeal all of the great things that Americans  appreciate about the Affordable Care Act instead of just making it  better?   Republicans are trying to take us backwards. They are moving ahead  with a dangerous process that will hurt working-class Americans, hurt  seniors, and hurt our Nation's most vulnerable, while providing a huge  payout for wealthy Americans and special interests.   Republicans are voting to give billions in tax breaks to corporations  and the wealthy and raising taxes on the rest of us.   The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimates that the top 1 percent of  earners would get an average tax cut of about $33,000 and individuals  in the top one-tenth of 1 percent would get an average tax cut of about  $197,000. If you are not in this group of American earners, then tough  luck. This legislation will not help you.   We need to get serious, put politics aside, and do what is best for  the American people. This fast track repeal of the Affordable Care Act  is not the answer.   I stand ready and willing to work with my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to make our Nation's health care system better. We cannot  simply repeal this law and leave the American people with another empty  IOU.  [[Page S199]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rubio). The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   