 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am very pleased to see the majority of  the Senate move forward and vote on the nomination of a fellow  westerner, Montana's Congressman, and the next Secretary of the  Interior, Ryan Zinke. I appreciate Ryan's willingness to serve in this  very important post. The Department of the Interior is vital to  Montana's economy, and I am glad to see someone from the West selected  to lead it.   The job of the Interior Secretary is critically important, especially  today as America's public lands come under attack by way too many folks  who want to see them transferred to the States or outright sold off.  Selling them off to the States is the first step in selling our public  lands to the highest bidder, and we can't let that happen.   Congressman Zinke has publicly said that he will not sell off our  public lands nor transfer them to the States, and in Montana, your word  is your bond. For that, I am pleased to support his nomination.   Congressman Zinke's to-do list is no doubt long, and I look forward  to working with him to check that list off for the people of Montana.   Montana is home to some of the world's most prized public lands,  including Glacier and Yellowstone National Parks and the Bob Marshall  Wilderness. The fact is, our public lands are huge economic drivers,  creating and sustaining more than 64,000 jobs in Montana alone through  our outdoor recreation economy and thereby pumping billions of dollars  back into our local economies.   That is why, when a foreign mining company threatened the gateway to  Yellowstone National Park, I was pleased that Congressman Zinke  expressed interest in joining me and local  [[Page S1433]]  businesses and community leaders to protect it. I look forward to  working with him to permanently safeguard the doorstep of Yellowstone  National Park because Montanans know there are some places more  valuable than gold, and Yellowstone is one of those places.   I feel confident that Congressman Zinke will handle the issues before  him with Montana common sense--issues like our national parks, and  coming up with a responsible solution to the deferred maintenance  backlog that is wreaking havoc on our national park system; the Land  and Water Conservation Fund, and how to work with Congress and work in  this administration to ensure full and devoted funding to initiatives  like LWCF, the visionary Land and Water Conservation Fund; in Indian  country, living up to our trust responsibilities that we owe to  America's sovereign Indian nations; and in resource development, how to  responsibly manage our public lands for energy and resource  development, and how to balance that with respect to clean water and  clean air and wildlife.   Of course, there are always some issues where Congressman Zinke and I  don't see eye-to-eye, but he has publicly committed to working with  Congress to try and address some of the most important issues of this  Nation's economy as it applies to our public lands. Montana's economy  is no exception, and I will take him at his word.   As a Montanan, I know how important the Department of the Interior is  to our way of life, and I am optimistic that Congressman Zinke will do  right by Montana and the country in his new role. Montana will be  watching. For that matter, the country will be watching, and I know  Congressman Zinke will make us proud.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   