 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I am honored to come to the floor today  and join my colleagues to support the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch  to the Supreme Court of the United States.   Judge Gorsuch is an exemplary pick for my home State of North Dakota  and for our Nation as a whole. He has shown deep respect for the  Constitution and has a strong record of upholding the rule of law.   If confirmed, Judge Gorsuch will take the seat that was held by the  late Justice Antonin Scalia. Of course, filling that vacancy will be no  easy task. Justice Scalia was a brilliant legal  [[Page S2318]]  mind who had earned the respect of many in the legal community during  his nearly 30 years on the Supreme Court. He was a true defender of the  U.S. Constitution and sought to protect it so that future generations  of Americans could live and thrive in a free society. His legacy on the  Court will influence American jurisprudence for generations to come.   If there is anyone who is worthy of filling Justice Scalia's shoes,  it is Judge Gorsuch. Like Scalia, Judge Gorsuch is an originalist when  it comes to interpreting the Constitution.   I had the pleasure of meeting with Judge Gorsuch last week to discuss  his nomination, and I am confident that he will make an excellent  Justice.   If you look at his background, it is clear that he is an incredibly  qualified nominee. After receiving degrees from Columbia, Harvard, and  then Oxford, Judge Gorsuch went on to clerk for notable Supreme Court  Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy before entering private  practice.   After 10 years of private practice, Gorsuch began his career in  public service as a Deputy Associate Attorney General at the U.S.  Department of Justice. In 2006, he was nominated by President George W.  Bush to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, and he was  confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate.   Let me repeat that. He was confirmed unanimously by this body. I  believe that says a lot about Judge Gorsuch as a candidate. In a body  that is so often divided, a candidate who can receive unanimous support  is truly noteworthy.   When nominated by the President, Judge Gorsuch said: ``A judge who  likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge . . .  stretching for results he prefers rather than those the law demands.''  During his tenure on the Tenth Circuit, he has demonstrated fair and  prudent judgment in his opinions.   In addition to his impressive professional background, Judge Gorsuch  has roots as a westerner and will bring those roots and a much needed  perspective to the Supreme Court. Because decisions that come from the  Court affect the lives of Americans from across the country, it is  important that the Court be composed of Justices from different regions  of the country. It is critical that our next Supreme Court Justice have  a familiarity with the challenges Western and Midwestern States face,  like my home State and others--issues such as States' rights, Second  Amendment rights, land use disputes, and the complex relationship  between State and Tribal governments. These are the everyday realities  we face across this country that the Justices must deal with.   I expect many of these important issues to come before the Supreme  Court in the coming months. In fact, just yesterday, the Court decided  to move forward on litigation regarding former President Obama's waters  of the U.S. rule, also known as WOTUS, which has had a significantly  burdensome impact on farmers and ranchers and threatens the  constitutional role of the States.   Judge Gorsuch's background also makes him a prominent voice for  Indian Country. As chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, I  believe it is important for our next Supreme Court Justice to have a  concrete record of respecting Tribal sovereignty. I was pleased to  learn that he has earned the support of a number of Native-American  groups, including the National Congress of American Indians and the  Native American Rights Fund.   Judge Gorsuch has had a long history of handling cases that have  affected Native Americans from his time on the Tenth Circuit, and he  has demonstrated a consistent understanding of the unique legal  principles that are involved in Federal Tribal law. The boundary  between State and Tribal authorities is often ambiguous; yet Judge  Gorsuch was able to bring clarity as he diligently studied the law and  respected existing precedents in Tribal sovereignty.   For example, the Ute Tribe of Utah has been engaged in legal battles  with the State over the State's authority to prosecute Native Americans  on Tribal land. Judge Gorsuch has consistently ruled in favor of Tribal  sovereignty.   In Hydro Resources v. EPA, a case in which EPA overreach was  redefining the boundaries of Indian lands, Judge Gorsuch overruled the  EPA's interpretation and respected the current Tribal boundaries.   For all of these reasons, I urge a ``yes'' vote on Judge Gorsuch's  nomination. As the highest Court in the land, the decisions have a  widespread impact on millions of Americans.   When the stakes are this high, it is necessary that we confirm  someone with a sound, fair, and prudent approach to the law. I have no  doubt that Judge Gorsuch is the right person for this role. I  enthusiastically support his nomination, and I urge my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to do the same.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   