 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, since 2008, approximately  3,300 regulations have been issued on an annual basis. I will say that  again. Since 2008, approximately 3,300 regulations have been issued on  an annual basis. The cost of compliance with those regulations is  estimated to be somewhere around $981 million, and if you add up the  costs of compliance of all regulations, it is approximately double  that. According to various studies that are out there, since 2008, the  costs of complying with Federal regulations has doubled.   Mr. Chairman, this isn't about some huge megacorporation that is  worth billions of dollars and is a multinational company. This impacts  individuals. This impacts families. As a matter of fact, a study done  by the Competitive Enterprise Institute estimates that approximately  $15,000 per year is how much the average American family spends just to  comply with Federal regulations.   Major regulations are regulations that are estimated to cost in  excess of $100 million. Under our amendment, what we do is simply  require that, every 5 years, the Federal agency that has promulgated-- that has finalized--a regulation go back and check how much it is  actually costing to comply with the regulation.   Here is why it is important, Mr. Chairman.   If you go back to a regulation that was proposed by the Department of  the Interior within the last year and a half that has to do with well  control in offshore energy production, the Department of the Interior  estimated that the cost of complying with that regulation was going to  be, approximately, $883 million over 10 years. However, a private  analysis that was done estimated that that figure was approximately  one-tenth of the true cost of compliance over the first decade--one- tenth.   There is nothing that holds the Federal agencies accountable. They  can lowball numbers. They can stay below the threshold of a major  action and not ever have to be held accountable to the additional  analysis that is required for major regulatory actions. This, simply,  makes agencies go back on major regulations to re-quantify--reassess-- the costs of compliance to make sure that their numbers are accurate,  that they understand the costs of compliance,  [[Page H353]]  and the impact on the average American family.   Lastly, Mr. Chairman, I am from the State of Louisiana. A study that  was done by the Mercatus Center found that the State of Louisiana is  the most federally regulated State in the United States. As a matter of  fact, so regulated that we are regulated 74 percent more than the  average State--74 percent more. That has a significant impact on jobs,  on our economy.   The cosponsor of this amendment--the gentleman from Texas with whom I  worked very closely, Mr. Chairman--says his State of Texas is burdened  by an additional 30 percent of regulations above the national average.  It is inappropriate; it penalizes our economy; it sends jobs overseas;  and, most importantly, it penalizes American families.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte), the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, again, I thank the gentleman  from Texas, with whom I worked closely in developing this amendment,  which was legislation we introduced last year and which had dozens of  bipartisan cosponsors.   In summary, this is an Article I issue. This ensures that when an  agency tells Congress, they tell the American public that when the  regulation is going to cost a certain amount to comply with, they are  held accountable to that. This is about accountability. This is about  transparency.   My friend from Georgia mentioned that this was ``busywork.'' Mr.  Chairman, I want you to think about that for a minute.   This applies to major rules that are estimated to cost in excess of  $100 million to comply with, and they find it offensive that we ask  them to look back one time every 5 years for rules that cost American  families over $100 million to comply with every single year?   I am offended by that, and I am sure that millions and millions of  American families are offended by that as well.   It is all summarized by this, Mr. Chairman: since 2009, for the first  time in recorded history, we have had a net loss in small businesses in  the United States. Regulations are hidden taxes that impact our  businesses, that impact our employment opportunities, and that drive  jobs to other countries.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   