 Mr. President, I rise to recognize National Drug Court  Month and show my support for the positive impact drug courts have on  cutting crime, saving money, and restoring lives.   I have seen firsthand the impact of drug courts in Arkansas. This  proven  [[Page S3055]]  approach has helped many Arkansans suffering from drug and alcohol  abuse who have received the treatment and services they need to turn  their lives around. For more than two decades, these courts have  offered Arkansas' drug-addicted, nonviolent offenders an alternative to  jail while rehabilitating them through a strenuous treatment program.   We have nearly 90 specialty courts in Arkansas that are providing  lifesaving treatment to more than 3,000 individuals with substance use  disorders, and the results are impressive. Our State saves $45 million  each year by diverting these offenders from prison to drug courts.  Ninety percent of Arkansas drug court participants' drug tests come  back negative for illegal substances, compared to 64 percent of those  on probation and parole.   Drug courts are a critical component of today's criminal justice  system. They have proven to be an effective alternative to jail for  individuals convicted of nonviolent drug charges. Holding offenders  with substance use and mental health disorders accountable through  strict supervision and treatment, drug courts and veterans treatment  courts have saved taxpayer dollars and the lives of more than 1.5  million people, including a remarkable man I recently met who shared  his story.   Blayne was facing 20 years in prison because of crimes he had  committed to support a 10-year addiction to prescription opioids. This  epidemic currently takes 94 American lives every single day, but Blayne  is one of the lucky ones. His community had a drug court. The drug  court program gave him the tools he needed to stop using drugs and  helped him reconnect with his family, find employment, and get his life  back on track.   Instead of sitting in a jail cell on the taxpayers' dime, he is  working as a teacher. Instead of breaking into homes, he owns one.  Today, Blayne is a dedicated family man. He told me: ``Drug court was a  chance to become the father and husband that I wanted to be.''   His story is similar to hundreds of Arkansans who have drug courts to  thank for turning their lives around. An Arkansas drug court gave a  woman named Sammy a second chance. She became addicted to painkillers  at the age of 22 when she suffered a back injury. Her addiction led her  down a very dangerous path, where she also started using meth every  day. It also led her into the criminal justice system, and she was  facing 20 years in prison. Drug court helped Sammy change her  lifestyle. Now she is a positive role model for her children, holding  down a full-time job and giving back to her community.   This is the power drug courts and other treatment courts have that  change lives, heal families, and save money. The success of drug  treatment courts has become a model tailored to the needs of different  groups from veterans to juveniles. The willingness of the judicial  system to adopt alternative methods to jail time is a cost-effective  approach to changing the habits of drug addicts and saving the lives of  people like Blayne and Sammy.   As Washington pursues options for criminal justice reform, drug  courts are a great example of a program that works. More than 25 years  of research has proven they reduce crime and substance abuse, break the  vicious cycle of recidivism, and keep families together.   In Arkansas and every other State in the country, drug courts are  making a real difference. I want to recognize and thank the more than  30,000 drug court judges, prosecutors, defense attorneys, treatment  providers, probation officers, court administrators, and other  professionals who are on the frontlines of providing a path to  recovery. As we recognize National Drug Court Month, this is a great  opportunity to show our commitment for the Drug Court Discretionary  Grant Program and the Veterans Treatment Court Initiative at the  Department of Justice. While there are 150,000 Americans being served  by drug courts and veterans treatment courts today, there are more than  1 million individuals in our justice system who do not yet have access  to these lifesaving programs.   I ask you to join me in supporting resources for these programs to  improve public safety, save taxpayer dollars, and, most importantly,  save lives.   With that, I yield back.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the United States' relationship with  China is one of our most complicated and consequential in the world.  The United States must maintain a constructive partnership with China  to address global threats ranging from climate change to North Korea's  nuclear program. While our interests are often at odds, our  relationship with China must be built on respect, not rebuffs--on tact,  not tweets.   On the campaign trail, President Trump's rhetoric about China was as  caustic as it was hollow. He claimed that climate change was a ``hoax  perpetrated by the Chinese.'' He contended that we could not ``continue  to allow China to rape our country.'' He declared China was ``our  enemy'' and that he would direct the Treasury Department to label China  a currency manipulator on his first day in office. He said he would not  honor the ``one China policy'' without extracting concessions from the  Chinese on trade. None of these threats materialized when Trump assumed  office, of course. When rhetoric met reality, Trump retreated.   Even while he railed against China during his campaign, Trump  simultaneously extolled his deep financial ties with the country. He  credited the Chinese for much of his own personal fortune, saying,  ``I've made a lot of money with China,'' and ``I do great with China, I  sell them condos, I have the largest bank in the world from China, the  largest in the world by far. They're a tenant of mine in a building I  own in Manhattan.''   Trump is the only President in modern history who has not divested  his financial holdings or established a blind trust, and his financial  entanglements with China have grown since his inauguration. Earlier  this year, China gave the Trump Organization preliminary approval for  38 trademarks, paving the way for the President and his family to  develop a host of branded business from hotels, to insurance, to  bodyguard and escort services. On the very same night that Ivanka Trump  and Jared Kushner dined with Chinese President Xi at Mar-a-Lago, China  granted Ivanka Trump's company three new trademarks. All of this points  to the very real possibility that Trump and his family are using the  Presidency to increase their personal profit, in violation of the  Constitution, and that the-Chinese are accommodating them.   Governor Terry Branstad is far from an ideal choice for the U.S.  Ambassador to China. His record on labor rights is deeply troubling,  including his decision earlier this year to sign into law a bill that  dramatically scales back the rights of workers to bargain collectively  for their health insurance, evaluation procedures, and supplemental  pay.   However, in an administration that has put forward few qualified  candidates for public office, Governor Branstad possesses some of the  experience required for this critical diplomatic post. Governor  Branstad has worked with the Chinese and with Chinese President Xi  specifically for several decades. In his testimony before the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee, he alleged he would use this longstanding  relationship to press President Xi on the North Korean nuclear threat.  He acknowledged the importance of opening Chinese markets to U.S. goods  while recognizing the need to hold them accountable for unfair trade  practices. He claimed that he would promote American values abroad,  including human rights, the importance of a free press, and a rules- based international order.   Governor Branstad's recognition of the importance of these basic  American values, values President Trump himself does not acknowledge,  is vital in our engagements with China and countries around the world.  Governor Branstad's longstanding relationships in China suggest he may  be more responsible and disciplined in his statements and behavior than  President Trump. Given the vast array of global issues that require  China's cooperation, I hope Governor Branstad remains faithful to his  testimony and attempts to foster a productive relationship with China.  For these reasons, I support his nomination for U.S. Ambassador to  China.   