 Mr. President, along with the Presiding Officer, I have  the distinct honor of serving on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee  and am the ranking Democrat on that committee. There are many areas of  challenge for our national security. We could talk about what we think  is the greatest threat to the national security of the United States.  Unfortunately, there are a lot of candidates.   One could certainly be China. China has been very provocative in the  China Sea, raising concern about maintaining maritime security, which  is so critically important to world commerce. Clearly China could be a  candidate.   North Korea could be a candidate. We know that in North Korea, they  have a nuclear capacity. We know their government will gas and poison  people who disagree with them, including family. It is a repressive  regime, and they are developing the capacity not only to have a nuclear  weapon but the capacity to be able to deliver that nuclear weapon  beyond just the region in which they are located. So we could pick  North Korea.   We certainly could mention the threat of ISIS, which is a growing  threat of terrorism that challenges not only the Middle East but our  own country.   We could mention the security threat of Iran. Iran was one of the  greatest sponsors of terrorism of any country in the world, which is  causing major problems for the Sunni Gulf States, in Syria, and in the  Middle East. Clearly Iran is a candidate for major interest in our  national security.   But the country I would pick as the greatest threat to America's  national security would be Russia. Russia has been very aggressive in  trying to dominate beyond its own geographical borders. It has incurred  into other countries and has attacked the United States of America.   I want to take us back to 1975 when the Helsinki Final Act was  passed, through the leadership of the United States and the USSR.   I have had the opportunity through several Congresses to be either  the chair or the cochair or the ranking member of the U.S. Helsinki  Commission. I have spent a lot of time on the Helsinki work.   What was remarkable about that document that was entered into in 1975  was that it recognized that security is beyond just military in that  for a country to be secure, it must pay attention to its borders, yes,  and its military, but it also must have economic security and must  respect human rights.   What was also very unique in the Helsinki Final Act was the  commitment that these standards we agreed to would not only be of  internal interest to the member country but that any country to the  Helsinki Final Act could challenge the actions of any other country. We  have not only the right but the responsibility to call out countries  that fail to adhere to the basic principles that were agreed to in  1975. The Helsinki Final Act now applies to about 56 countries--all of  the countries of Europe, Canada, the United States, and all of the  republics of the former Soviet Union.   Let me review with my colleagues the guiding principles that were  agreed to in 1975 under the Helsinki Final Act, signed by Russia, so  that they are bound by these principles. As I read through these 10  principles, let me talk about how Russia has violated every single one  of the basic 10 principles they agreed to in Helsinki.   No. 1, sovereign equality and respect for the rights inherent in  sovereignty.   No. 2, refraining from the threat or use of force.   No. 3, the inviolability of borders.   No. 4, the territorial integrity of states.   In each of these cases, Russia has violated these basic principles.  They invaded Ukraine and took over Crimea, annexing it against the will  of a sovereign country. They are interfering in the eastern part of  Ukraine as we speak, violating the territorial integrity of Ukraine.  Russia's troops are in Georgia, violating the sovereignty of that  country. Russia's presence in Moldova is not respecting the territorial  integrity of a member state. Russia has violated the basic principles  of sovereignty that were brought out in the Helsinki Final Act.   Let me read some of the other principles.   No. 5, the peaceful settlement of disputes.   Russia shoots first. They took their troops into Ukraine. They took  their troops into Georgia. They have not used peaceful methods.   The sixth principle is the non-intervention in internal affairs.   Russia attacked the United States of America in our free election  system. That is not subject to any dispute today. They attacked  America. They interfered with our internal affairs. They tried to  influence our election. That is an attack against America and a  violation of their basic commitments.   Let me read through the remaining.   No. 7, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms.   Ask the people who have disagreed with the Russian Government and who  have tried to form a party whether there is respect for human rights  and fundamental freedom in Russia today. Ask independent journalists  who are arrested and killed for trying to carry out their profession.  Russia today is intimidating civil societies and NGOs, and anyone who  disagrees with Mr. Putin is subject to arrest, torture, and perhaps  death. We know that in the case of Mr. Magnitsky, which is a cause that  has been taken up by this body with the passage of Magnitsky laws.   Another principle is equal rights and the self-determination of  people. That is not present in Russia today.   No. 9, cooperation among states.   Let me conclude with the 10th principle: fulfillment in good faith of  international legal obligations.   Russia entered into an agreement with regard to Ukraine's  sovereignty, only to invade Ukraine a few years later. Ukraine gave up  its nuclear stockpile, believing that Russia would  [[Page S1674]]  live up to its commitments. Russia has violated the Minsk agreements  that were entered into to resolve the problems between Ukraine and  Russia. Russia has not lived up to its international agreements.   Let me sort of summarize why I think Russia is the No. 1 candidate  for concern with regard to our national security. They have violated  the sovereignty of many countries of the world. They have violated the  sovereignty of Ukraine and continue to do so. They have violated the  sovereignty of Georgia and Moldova. They have attacked the United  States of America through cyber. It may not have been a MiG, but it was  a mouse, and its intended purpose was to bring down our democratic  election system and to favor one candidate. That cannot go unanswered.   Today, Russia is engaged in Syria and supports the Assad regime,  which attacks humanitarian convoys, uses the civilian population as an  instrument of war, gases its own people--violating basic international  human rights and committing war crimes. That is what President Putin is  doing in Russia today.   Russia's human rights records are deplorable. Kara-Murza has been  poisoned not once but twice. He is an opposition leader. He is now in  the United States and is recovering from the second poisoning episode.  The Russian authorities tried to kill him. Why? Because he dared to  oppose the Putin regime.   We need to speak out. We need to know more about that. It does not  end there. Russia is violating the INF, the International Nuclear Force  agreement, which is a major concern to all of us.   Russia's bottom line is that they are trying to dismantle the  Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, which has been the  bulwark of security since the end of World War II, the relationship  between Europe and the United States, providing a blanket of protection  not just for our physical security, but providing international  leadership in dealing with the development of democratic countries  around the world. That is what Russia is trying to do today, is to  dismantle that protection.   What should we do? We have identified Russia as our No. 1 concern,  and I think most Members of the Senate would agree with that  assessment. I have talked to many, particularly on the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee. What should we do? What is the role of Congress?   We know we are waiting for President Trump to give us his foreign  policy as it relates to Russia, and that is an important thing for us  to know--how the President intends to deal with a country that has done  so many things against our national security interests.   We have a role. We are the first branch of government that is  mentioned in the Constitution, article I. We have responsibilities to  act. We need to take steps, and I have encouraged my colleagues.   There have been a lot of accusations made around here about Russia's  contacts with Americans and that Russia is stealing information through  cyber and planting that information through WikiLeaks in order to  influence elections. There is the potential contact with General Flynn,  what happened with the Russian Ambassador, and what happened as far as  domestic wiretaps. There have been a lot of comments made around here,  but we do not have the facts.   First and foremost, we need an independent commission that is similar  to what the Congress constituted after the attack on 9/11 so that we  get independent, nonpartisan experts, without restriction to  jurisdiction or turf, who can determine exactly what Russia's game plan  is and what steps we can take to protect ourselves in moving forward  and what action we should take against Russia. That is the first thing  we should do. Congress should also pass a resolution. I have introduced  one that would set up that type of an independent commission to look at  what Russia has done.   There is a second issue, though, that I want to bring to our  attention, and I know the Presiding Officer is very familiar with it.  It is the Countering Russian Hostilities Act, which is a bill I filed.  I am very proud that this bill was not created by one Member, it was  created by a group of us working together and recognizing that Congress  needed to speak with a strong voice.   I am proud that, in addition to my sponsorship, Senator McCain helped  draft this bill. Senator Menendez is a key leader on this bill. Senator  Graham is one of the architects of the bill. We have Senator Shaheen,  Senator Rubio, Senator Klobuchar, Senator Sasse, Senator Durbin,  Senator Portman, Senator Murphy, Senator Gardner, Senator Blumenthal,  Senator Sullivan, Senator Daines, Senator Donnelly, Senator Young,  Senator Whitehouse, Senator Coons, and Senator Cornyn.   You might notice that I alternated between Democrats and Republicans  because this is not a partisan effort. We all recognize the seriousness  of what Russia has done to the United States. We all recognize that  Congress needs to respond. When you are attacked, you don't stand by;  if you do, you will get attacked again and the next time could be even  more devastating. So we have to take action to protect ourselves.   So what the Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act does, first and  foremost, is it codifies the sanctions currently imposed against Russia  for its cyber attack on the U.S. election. Secondly, it extends those  sanctions for what we call secondary sanctions--businesses doing  business with those that are sanctioned--so we can enforce the  sanctions.   The Presiding Officer recognized that when we were working on the  North Korea sanctions law, we needed to strengthen that, and I  congratulate the Presiding Officer on the work he did regarding North  Korea, and I was pleased to join him. I am pleased he is joining with  this group to see how we can strengthen our sanctions and pressure on  Russia to know that they can't get away with this type of an attack  against America, but then we go even further.   We recognize that Ukraine today--we have sanctions against Russia,  but we can strengthen those sanctions. We can apply those sanctions to  the energy sector. We can apply those sanctions to prevent American  companies from financing the Russian economy through the moneys they  need for sovereign debt or privatization. So we extend the program of  sanctions to include those types of activities.   We take up two other major issues that I just want to share with my  colleagues because these are contributions made by the Members who  joined together to file this bill. We recognize that the rules of  engagement have changed. Russia is using tactics today that we never  thought would be used. They attack our country, get private  information, give it to WikiLeaks, use it as part of a strategy to get  news out there that could influence our elections. Then they develop  fake news, use that fake news through social media to make it look like  real news in an effort to try to affect our free election system in the  United States. This is pretty frightening. We have to meet them. We  have to protect ourselves.   So this legislation provides for a democracy initiative similar to  what we have done on our security initiative with Europe. We have  stationed NATO troops on the border countries of NATO with Russia to  let them know we will not tolerate the invasion of a NATO country. We  have done that. That is our security initiative. We have to have a  democracy initiative to protect the democratic institutions of Western  Europe because Russia will use the democratic institutions to try to  undermine the democratic institutions--the free press, the  opportunities of free speech, the opportunities to try to influence  through their money the election process. They have done that. They  tried to do it in Montenegro during the parliamentary elections to  affect Montenegro's accession into NATO.   We have to protect the democratic institutions. This legislation  would authorize that protection.   Then it sets up a resource so we can fight this propaganda, so we can  find ways to counter Russia's use of propaganda in order to carry out  their nefarious activities.   This is a comprehensive bill. I urge all of our colleagues to take a  look at it. We are looking for input. We are looking to make sure this  does exactly what we need it to do--to speak as one  [[Page S1675]]  voice in Congress to make it clear to Russia that it is not business as  usual; that we intend to take action and be strong and let them know  they cannot do this type of activity; that America will protect its  national security.   There is another bill, let me just mention, that Senator Graham is  the principal sponsor of that I have cosponsored and others have  sponsored also. It is the Russia Sanctions Review Act. I mention that  one because we had a great debate here in the last Congress on the Iran  nuclear agreement, and part of the reasons we had a great debate is  because the Senate Foreign Relations Committee was able to pass a  review act and get broad consensus on it, get it signed by the  President, which gave us a role. More importantly, it gave the American  people a role in getting transparency on a very important agreement-- the Iran nuclear agreement. So we had time for public hearings. We had  time for national debate. We had time for questions.   Because that law passed, I am convinced the agreement was stronger.  The administration knew there were millions of eyes looking at what  they were doing; they just couldn't do it in the dark of night. It  helped us, I think, carry out our responsibility as the legislative  branch of government.   So Senator Graham and I and others believe we should have a similar  process, if there is going to be a fundamental change in the  relationship between the United States and Russia; that the President  should consult and work with Congress and give us an opportunity for  transparency and for the American people to be heard. That is exactly  what this bill does. It is a bill that I think is for good legislating,  for good governance, and I would encourage my colleagues to take a look  at this, and hopefully we will be able to get this done.   I will just say in conclusion that we have no issue with the Russian  people. They are good people. We want to have a good relationship with  the Russian people. It is Mr. Putin and his government that are  directing this country to do things in interference with the  sovereignty of other countries--in violating human rights, in  supporting violations of human rights, in war crimes, and they should  be held accountable for that and for what they are doing in Syria, and,  of course, very personally, attacking our own country. That is what we  are aimed at.   Mr. Khodorkovsky was in my office yesterday. I think my colleagues  might recall that he was a leader in Russia--a great business leader.  He made a lot of money. He decided Russia needed reforms to protect the  rights of all people, that human rights were not strong enough, the  right of expression was not strong enough, so he took up that cause as  a successful businessperson. As a result, he was arrested, served 10  years in prison, and they tried to keep him out of politics because he  did not represent Mr. Putin's politics.   Well, he has been very active. He no longer lives in Russia for fear  of his own life. He has been here championing the cause for good  governance within Russia and the importance for the international  community to be engaged in that. As he left my office yesterday, he  said: Please continue to speak out. He said: Please continue to speak  out.   The United States must lead when a country driven by Mr. Putin does  what it does. It is our responsibility to speak out about this  outrageous conduct--threatening the integrity of so many countries and  violating the human rights of so many people.   We can make a difference. The Congress can make a difference. It is  for all of those reasons that we need to act.   I urge my colleagues to take a look at the legislation I have talked  about on the floor and which so many of my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle have joined. Let's get together and let's speak with a united  voice and let Russia know we are going to protect the national security  of the United States of America, and we are going to protect the rights  of our friends.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Durbin, Senator Menendez,  and Senator Coons for joining on the floor today to talk about the  threat that Russia poses.   Senator Durbin is absolutely correct, and I thank him for his  leadership on this. The only way the American people will have a full  accounting of what Russia's intentions were and what they did in  attacking our country is to have an independent commission.   We had such a commission after the attack on 9/11. Democrats and  Republicans came together. There was no controversy about that. We  wanted to find out what and how we were attacked, how they got through  our intelligence network, how they put together the horrific attack on  our country, and then we wanted to know how we could get  recommendations to protect us moving forward.   I am going to tell you, that commission served a very important  national security function because we learned a lot. We learned that we  were stovepiping too much information. We weren't sharing it. The way  the agencies were set up, it was more over turf than it was over  mission. Congress acted on the recommendations, and we are safer today  as a result of it.   We don't know what Russia's intentions are all about. We suspect that  they are trying to undermine our democratic system of government. We  suspect that Russia is interested in regaining its reputation of the  former Soviet Union. They are looking for a greater geographical  footprint. We see  [[Page S1679]]  that in their military operations, not just on their border countries  such as Ukraine or what they are doing in Georgia or Moldova, but we  see that also in the Middle East where they have a military presence  today, and they want to have a footprint there.   We believe they want to become a greater Russia. We know they don't  like democratic systems of government. Their government stays in power  through making sure that there is no effective opposition. They have  quelled any opportunity for a Democratic opposition and for the free  press.   We know those--but what are their ultimate aspirations? What do they  intend to do with the transatlantic partnership? We talked about that.  We are safer today because of the transatlantic relations. NATO has  made our Nation safer. The strength of the EU has made our Nation  stronger.   We know Russia is trying to interfere with that. They interfered with  the Montenegro election in an effort to prevent Montenegro from  agreeing to join NATO. We know they are trying to pull other nations  out of Europe. We know that.   What we need to have, though, is a full accounting as to what  happened in the attack on our country and how we can prepare ourselves  to defend ourselves. By the way, it might also give us a blueprint for  what we need to do to show Russia we will not tolerate that type of  activity.   Senator Durbin is absolutely right. We have responsibilities in  Congress. The committee I serve on, the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee--our relationship with Russia, we have to have hearings.  Senator Menendez was right in calling upon our committee to have  additional hearings. What is Russia doing? How does it affect not only  our relationship with Russia, but how do we deal with Europe? How do we  deal with the authorization for use of military force? If we were  attacked, can you use cyber as an attack vehicle? Does that require  congressional authorization?   We have to be prepared in our committees. The Intelligence Committee  has a responsibility to find out exactly what happened and whether we  need to change our intelligence network because Russia was able to  invade our country. They were able to get private information and then  send it to WikiLeaks to use politically against us. They may compromise  some of our classified information. We don't know. We need to find that  out.   The Intelligence Committee has a function to play. The Judiciary  Committee has a function to play. I know the subcommittee is doing some  work under Senators Whitehouse and Graham. The Armed Services Committee  certainly has a role to play.   There is only one way the American people will get a clear view of  how serious this matter is and that we are taking every conceivable  possible step to make sure we protect the national security of the  United States and our Democratic institutions, which are part of our  national security, and that is to have an independent commission.   There are no turf problems there. They can look at everything. They  can have a transparent process, and the American people can get an eye  as to what is happening. They can make the recommendations we need.   I thank Senator Durbin for underscoring that point. It is something I  think we will ultimately get to. I was hoping we could get to it sooner  rather than later because I think the American people would have a  great deal more confidence.   I thank Senator Coons for putting this in historic perspective. He is  absolutely right; we go back a long time as to what Russia's intentions  are all about. I thought that was extremely helpful to fill in all of  the aspects of what we are trying to do.   Senator Menendez's point was very critical; our reasons for being  here and our reasons for wanting to take action are to protect our  country, the American people. We are not talking about any one person  or any one election. This is not challenging the results of this past  election. This is all about making sure that we protect the integrity  of our free election system and, particularly moving forward, knowing  that Russia may very well be engaged, as we speak, in trying to  interfere with the elections in the Netherlands and Germany and France.  We need to have a better game plan on how to deal with this.   As Senator Menendez said--I think it is a very important point; I  want to underscore this: You can't trust Russia. Let's be clear about  that. Ask the Ukrainians. They signed the Budapest Declaration. The  United States was part of that. They very clearly gave up their nuclear  capacity, and in exchange they got the security from Russia on their  jurisdiction, on their territory, on their sovereignty. Look how long  that lasted before Russia invaded Ukraine, annexed part of Ukraine, and  they continue to supply resources to disrupt the eastern part of  Ukraine so Ukraine will have a very difficult time in its integration  into Europe. That is what Russia is doing today in contravention to  their written commitments with Ukraine.    Then I might tell my colleagues: Look at the Minsk agreement set up  to try to end this hot war, and Russia has violated all the aspects of  the Minsk agreement. You can't trust Russia's agreements.   As Senator Menendez pointed out--he is right--look at the INF. Look  at the treaty obligations. Russia is violating their treaty  obligations, which directly affect the security of Europe. These are  pretty serious things. We counter this by unity.   That is why I am so proud that we have Democrats and Republicans  working together. This is not one party. Both parties recognize the  danger of Russia. Both parties recognize that we have to protect  ourselves. I would just urge my colleagues to follow this vigorous  strategy, where we can show the American people that unity and that  resolve and that we will not allow Russia to attack our country, that  we are going to prepare to make sure that we defend our democratic  system of government and that we will be united in standing up to those  types of activities that are against our national security interests.   I yield the floor.   