 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Georgia for yielding.   I rise today to support this rule and to express my strong  disapproval of President Obama and his administration's refusal to veto  the anti-Israel resolution adopted by the United Nations Security  Council on December 23, 2016.    Since its establishment, Israel has worked tirelessly to forge peace  with its neighbors. They have sought neither violence nor conflict. In  fact, the territories discussed in the misguided U.N. resolution were  areas Israel gained in self-defense during the 1967 Six-Day War. These  areas include the Old City, with the Temple Mount and Western Wall,  areas that, thousands of years ago, were the origin of the Israeli  culture, heritage, and religion.   Israel did not seek to take this land. Rather, when threatened by  their Arab neighbors in 1967, they were forced to act in self-defense  and repel these attacks. Since that time, Israel has successfully  reached peaceful agreements with many of the Arab countries who, at  that time, sought to wipe them off the map.   Israel is the only thriving democracy in the Middle East who  practices and protects human rights regardless of ethnicity, gender,  religion, or citizenship. Additionally, the State of Israel has been  committed to implementing initiatives to promote economic growth in the  region, including creating opportunities for Palestinians and others.  Israel is a shining example of taking care of those who are around  them, even as they face constant threat of violence and terrorist  attacks.   I have been appalled over what has taken place under the direction of  President Obama and Secretary Kerry and others within the  administration. In response, I also introduced a resolution condemning  these intolerable actions. By failing to direct the United States to  veto the one-sided, anti-Israel U.N. Security Council resolution, the  President turned his back on Israel and, as a result, turned his back  on America.   The anti-Israel resolution adopted by the U.N. Security Council  threatens peace and stability in the Middle East. It will most likely  incentivize further violence and radical boycotts.   While President Obama and Secretary Kerry's long list of foreign  policy failures has been well-documented over the years, none to date  have been this deliberate and calculated. That is why I have come to  the floor to support Chairman Royce's bipartisan resolution.   As Republicans and Democrats alike have expressed their contempt for  the President's lack of action, I look forward to working with my  colleagues and President-elect Trump in correcting President Obama's  anti-Israeli tactics as we work to form a stronger bond with Israel and  as we work to promote peace in the Middle East.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Vermont (Mr. Welch).   