 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative  Torres, Representative McClintock, Chairman Bishop, and Ranking Member  Grijalva for all of their hard work on this.   As the chairman indicated, this bill did pass on a voice vote last  year. Unfortunately, our colleagues in the Senate did not take it up  last year. This year they have, and I am glad that it is before us  again. This is truly a collaborative effort.   Especially from a small State like Connecticut, I want to thank the  larger States. We just heard two Members from Oregon talking about  Mount Hood. In most of the national parks in the West, you could fit  the entire State of Connecticut.   I especially thank the committee for understanding the historic  significance of Coltsville itself, and also the work not only of Samuel  Colt, who gets most of the credit for a gun that was aptly named the  gun that won the West, but of who it actually was brought to market by,  Elizabeth Colt.   Samuel Colt died in 1862 at the beginning of the Civil War. Of  course, that gun and those weapons that they produced also played a  critical role in the North's victory.   Elizabeth Colt, however, continued the company. While she could not  vote, she was part of what back then would have been a top 10  manufacturing company in the entire Nation. They ended up being the  first American manufacturer to establish a plant abroad because their  production scheme was that great.   She also established the concept of firewalls, which was important to  a then-budding insurance industry in the State of Connecticut.   She also came up with the concept of housing workers. A large number  of immigrants who poured into the country, who were skilled workers  from all around the globe, but mostly from Europe, who came to Hartford  at that time, were able to settle in housing.   The Park Service has been magnificent in setting up and reviewing  this. I thank James Woolsey, who is the park's superintendent, but also  the people in the area: Larry Dooley of Colt Gateway; the Church of the  Good Shepherd; the Sheldon Charter Oak neighborhood groups; and, of  course, the current mayor, Mayor Bronin; and Governor Malloy. Three  other mayors have come before Congress and before the committee to  testify on this bill, its importance, its significance, and its  heritage. We are extraordinarily proud of this.   I would be remiss if I didn't point out the extra effort that  Chairman Bishop put into this, especially his understanding in  grappling with a very small State like Connecticut and what one would  consider, by National Park Service standards, a very small piece of  history with an enormous impact.   Henry Ford came there to take a look at the assembly line techniques  that were developed there. Pratt and Whitney were both interns there,  which led to, in my hometown of East Hartford, the most incredible  aerospace engines, the arsenal for democracy in the State of  Connecticut, a company that went on to produce 70 percent of all the  engines utilized in the Second World War.   All this from Samuel Colt and, of course, Elizabeth Colt, who took  over and became such an incredible philanthropist.   Hartford, at that time--because of all the manufacturing, including  typewriters, bicycles, and even the automobile--got its start there. It  also led this incredible sage from Missouri to locate there, write, and  publish books, named Mark Twain.   So there is quite a story that comes, and it just demonstrates the  value of manufacturing. We all know here and we talk frequently about  value added, a four-to-one enterprise today.   Beyond that, everything else--the ideas that it spun, the innovation  that it spun, and the creativity--is something that is very much worth  celebrating and remembering. I thank the committee in general for all  of their hard work. I am thrilled with this.    I know, having worked with Speaker Ryan on a number of important  issues, that he would be happy to know that AmeriCorps is also involved  in the area as well.   I thank the committee for sticking with this. It took over 14 years  to get this passed. Now, with the passage of this legislation, it will  officially open this spring.   I hope the committee will come out, and we will plan a great  celebration and welcome you there as well.   Mr. McCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, certainly  none that could match the detailed knowledge and eloquence of the  gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Larson).   I reserve the balance of my time.   