 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I am willing to wager that the term  ``net neutrality'' has no meaning to many Americans. It is a term that  refers to a practice and a set of rules that are likely a total mystery  to the vast majority of the people who are affected by them. As often  happens in Washington, DC, the terms of art are highly technical and  obtuse and obscure, but the effects of these rules matter to almost  every American, openly, and they will be of increasing importance to  Americans if the current net neutrality rules are reversed tomorrow.   That is why I am here. The Federal Communications Commission, under  the leadership of its new Chairman, Ajit Pai, has a reckless and  needless plan to repeal those rules that are vital to a level playing  field and fair access to consumers of the internet content that they  value and need. To put it very simply, Chairman Pai's plan would  disastrously disadvantage small businesses. It would harm our economy.  It would threaten the internet's incredible success, including  innovation. It would harm consumers by giving them higher prices and  possibly lower speeds in accessing what they want from the internet.   The background here is pretty simple. In 2015, the FCC adopted its  open internet order to preserve the open nature of the internet. The  internet has thrived on its openness. That is, in a sense, its spirit  and its great advantage. It is uniquely American in that way--open and  accessible.   The order created three very bright line rules: no blocking, no  throttling, no paid prioritization. Nobody could stop access or block  it. Nobody could diminish the availability--no throttling and no paid  authorization. That is to say that nobody is to get a benefit from  faster speeds simply because he is paying more. Those rules really put  the internet at stake--the vitality and innovative energy is at stake  here.   Blocked sites, slower speeds, fast lanes and slow lanes, and more  fees will  [[Page S7994]]  be our future on the internet if these rules are revoked, as Chairman  Pai says they will be tomorrow. Some of today's internet service  providers will benefit. They already have clear conflicts of interest.  They own content companies. They want their customers to spend more  time on their content. Comcast, for example, owns the media giant  NBCUniversal. Verizon owns Yahoo and AOL.   We are having a hearing this afternoon that involves Comcast and  NBCUniversal, and I am deeply troubled by the expiration of the  conditions that have been put on the merger. Those conditions help to  protect competition and consumers. They have a questionable effect in  that purpose, but even the modest comfort or protection they provide  will completely evaporate as the conditions expire. So I will ask today  that there be an investigation by the Department of Justice to sustain  and continue those conditions and ask that the court that approved them  actually extend them to meet the needs of competition and consumers.   Our current net neutrality rules prevent companies from becoming  gatekeepers, toll takers, in a way that favors their own content. If  they are the gatekeepers and the toll takers, they are the ones who  block, and they are the ones who collect the fees. If they have the  ability to pick and choose between the content providers that belong to  their competitors or the content providers that are independent, they  are going to choose their own content providers. They are going to  favor their own over the others. Gutting the net neutrality rules, in  effect, gives them free rein to favor their own content and their own  political views.   If the internet service providers are able to block content or charge  higher fees for access, eventually the ones who will suffer will be the  consumers. They will pay higher prices, or the content will be slowed  in reaching them. Make no mistake. Companies that are willing to pay  the toll for fast lanes will transfer those costs to consumers. They  are not going to just absorb the additional expense. The folks who have  no idea what the term ``net neutrality'' means--who may have never  heard it--are the ones who are going to pay the freight. They are going  to be the ones who suffer the consequences.   These rules are for a reason. They were not simply picked out of the  air. They are not some product of some overactive regulatory  imagination. They have meaning and consequence for ordinary people who  use the internet, which is one of the economic giants of our  generation. We are, in effect, throttling, blocking, and raising prices  for the people who depend on innovation and access and openness.   The right thing for Chairman Pai to do is to cancel tomorrow's party- line vote and abandon this misguided plan to destroy the free and open  internet. He is acting, in essence, at the behest of the economic  giants--the cable companies--that stand to benefit because they will  raise prices and favor their own content.   No matter what he decides, the fight is only really beginning. We  will no doubt bring legislation to the U.S. Senate--not an easy task to  pass it. Any final action in the FCC unquestionably, undoubtedly, will  be challenged in the courts. I am actually hopeful that we can avoid  litigation. Litigation is always a last resort. But there will be  litigation because the 2015 open internet order was actually based on  10 years of evidence in a fact-based docket. Again, it was not pulled  out of the air; it was based on factfinding and thought and redrafting  that then, in fact, resulted in litigation that was upheld in the  courts. In fact, in the court of appeals, it was judged to be legal and  rationally rooted in real fact. That is the internet order that should  be sustained.   I hope that Chairman Pai will postpone this misguided plan. I hope  that he will abandon it. There is no need to recklessly repeal the net  neutrality rules without demonstrating a significant and substantial  change in factual circumstances. That is what is required statutorily-- a significant and substantial change in factual circumstances to  justify revoking and repealing a rule that was based on circumstance  and fact.   In the meantime, millions of Americans have already given their  opinions. They have weighed in. They have said to the FCC: Stop playing  with the internet in a way that favors the big guys--the cable  companies--the ones who will block or throttle and raise prices.   We should not allow Chairman Pai to silence their comments, to ignore  them, or disregard them.   The FCC has a responsibility here. It is a public trust. It matters  to the millions of Americans who have never heard and will probably  never hear that term ``net neutrality'' and who will never understand  what its consequences are until they see them personally, up close,  firsthand--higher prices, blocking, throttling. That is the evil we can  and must avoid.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   