 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, according to the majority leader, there  will not be a vote on the motion to proceed to the healthcare bill  until next week. In the time between now and then, my Republican  friends have a choice to make about how they want to move forward on  what looks like will be a failed vote.   Do they want to take the path of President Trump, who yesterday said  that he wanted our healthcare system to fail, or do they want to work  with Democrats on legislation to improve the law? It is that simple.   We Democrats know the Affordable Care Act isn't perfect, and we  propose specific legislation that could pass right now to stabilize  marketplaces and lower premiums for Americans across the country. These  proposals are specific, nonideological, and could pass quickly and make  life better for millions of Americans. A decent number of Republican  Governors and even Senators have said that these are the kinds of  proposals we need.   Here they are:   First, we have proposed a bill by Senator Shaheen that would  guarantee the premium reduction payments that insurers say is the No. 1  thing we could do right now to stabilize the individual marketplace.   Second, we have proposed a bill by Senators Carper and Kaine that  would create a reinsurance program for the individual health insurance  market, again, aimed at stabilizing the marketplaces.   Third, we have proposed a bill by Senator McCaskill that would enable  any American living in a bare county--that is, a bare county that lacks  health insurers--to purchase the same insurance we get here in  Congress.   All three of these would stabilize the markets and help to prevent  premiums from going up further and coverage from decreasing. They  address the actual issues in our healthcare system. I have mentioned  they are not ideological and exactly the kind of legislation we could  work on together. If our intent is to make things better, this is  something we can come together on--all three of these proposals. They  address the actual issues that we have and should be something we can  do together immediately.   The Republican approach--decimating Medicaid to give a tax break to  the wealthy--doesn't solve any of the problems Republicans claim to be  so worried about: high premiums, high deductibles, bare counties. In  fact, by most objective reports, it makes them worse. The CBO said that  under each version of the Republican plan, premiums would go up on many  Americans, deductibles and copays would go up, there would be even more  bare counties than there are today, and tens of millions would lose  insurance.   Repealing the healthcare law without any replacement is even worse.  It would cause our healthcare system to implode, creating chaos.  Millions more would lose insurance, and for millions more than that  coverage would be diminished, all of which is even worse than under the  Republican bill.   I hope my colleagues will join with us in working on these three  nonideological, practical problem solvers that will reduce premiums and  make healthcare better for many, many Americans. Again, many  Republicans have spoken favorably of these ideas, and I hope we will go  forward.   The worry I have is that our Republican colleagues follow the  policies of President Trump. President Trump's promise to let our  healthcare system collapse is just mind-boggling. It is hard to believe  he could say something like that.   President Trump's promise to let our healthcare system collapse is  so, so wrong on three counts: It is a failure morally, it is a failure  politically, and it is a remarkable failure of Presidential leadership.   First, the President's position is a moral failure. It is morally  wrong to intentionally undermine the healthcare system in this country,  using Americans as political pawns in a cynical game. It is morally  wrong to play a political game with healthcare in this country. There  is no religious teaching or moral precept that could advocate such a  cynical ploy.   The President didn't say that he wanted the system to change in a way  to make it better. He said: I have lost, and I am going to make things  worse for everyone to show you that I should have won. As I said, that  is a moral failure that none of our religious leaders of any of the  great religions would ever, ever accept, nor will the American people.   Second, saying ``I am not going to own it'' will not work  politically. The President is the President. He is in charge. Americans  look to him for leadership. They know that Republicans control both  branches of Congress and the White House. They know they are in charge.   Earlier this year, the Kaiser Family Foundation found that two-thirds  of Americans would blame President Trump and congressional Republicans  for the future problems in our  [[Page S4064]]  healthcare system. Just as they blamed President Obama when he was in  charge, they are going to blame President Trump while he is in charge.  He is tweeting away that someone else is to blame when he is in charge,  which will not work politically, particularly when it comes to  something as near and dear to Americans as healthcare--God's great gift  to us, life itself.   It just will not work to say that Democrats are to blame. Believe me,  we are not going to stand idly by and shrug our shoulders when American  people are suffering because the President is sabotaging our healthcare  system for political purposes. We are going to point it out, and the  spotlight will be on those whom the American people in November put in  charge.   Elections do have consequences, and one of the consequences, Mr.  President, one of the consequences, Mr. Trump, is that you are in  charge. You have to make things better, not simply point fingers and  tweet.   Finally, the President's position is an astonishing failure of  Presidential leadership. His own party has failed to pass a bill--his  own party, which controls both Houses of Congress, his own party, which  has used special rules designed to exclude Democrats from the  beginning. President Trump blames Democrats and threatens to hold our  Nation's healthcare system hostage out of pique--out of pique.   The President was being petty; the President was being small; the  President was not Presidential at all. The President would rather throw  up his hands than roll up his sleeves and get to work. He would rather  cast blame and point fingers than even try to work with Democrats to  make the healthcare system better. That is not what Presidents do. It  shows a tremendous lack of leadership. The American people want their  President to lead. The American people, when there is a problem, want  the President to fix it. The American people know that, when facing a  defeatist President, you don't just sit in the corner and pout and get  angry. You go on from there and try to make things better, as I hope my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle will do. Some of them have  indicated they will.    Let's recall another President--President Truman. President Truman  famously said: ``The buck stops here.'' He was admired for it. This  President's words, shirking responsibility and casting blame, were  exactly the opposite of President Truman's. ``The buck stops here''  made President Truman look tall. President Trump's blame game makes him  look small and diminished, and people will begin to totally realize his  lack of leadership, and respect for him and the office will diminish.   The President should rise to the incredible responsibility of the  office, not quit and take the ball home every time the game isn't going  the way he likes. The President of the United States, for better or for  worse, is responsible for the healthcare of the country, for the  healthcare of Americans who voted for him and for Americans who voted  against him. He took an oath to faithfully execute the laws of this  country, not just the ones he likes.   There is no ducking responsibility as President. The buck stops with  you, President Trump.   So if the procedural votes fail next week, I sincerely hope that my  Republican friends here in Congress reject the premise of the President  to let our healthcare system collapse and hurt millions. Instead, I  hope they work with us in the areas I mentioned and many others to do  what is right for the American people.   Mr. President, a brief word on the circuit court nominee on whom we  will be voting for cloture soon. The nominee, Judge Bush, in my view,  is not fit for the austere office of circuit court judge. He has made  some extremely troubling comments about the rights of women and the  rights of the LGBTQ community. He has employed anti-gay slurs in his  speeches and writings. He has disparaged a woman's right to choose,  drawing an offensive and false moral equivalency between choice and  slavery. How can my Republican friends vote to elevate to the Sixth  Circuit a man who has said things like this?   He clearly lacks the temperament required of a circuit court judge,  and I urge all of my colleagues to vote no on cloture and no on the  nomination.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   