 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of amendment No. 190,  which would help prevent companies from weaponizing the Iranian regime  and help stop the flow of troops and armaments to Assad's murderous  regime.   This amendment would prohibit the Office of Foreign Assets Control  from authorizing the sale of aircraft to Iran.   Western companies are in the process of trying to sell dozens of  planes to Iran Air--that is Iran's flagship carrier--and other Iranian  airlines with deep ties to hostile Iranian actors.   Iran's aviation sector, led by Iran Air, has a long history of  illicitly transporting militants, weapons, and explosives on commercial  aircraft to terror groups and rogue regimes. Iran's Islamic  Revolutionary Guard Corps--the IRGC--and Iran's Ministry of Defense use  commercial aircraft to directly support Iran's campaign of terror  around the Middle East.   In recent years, both before the Iran nuclear deal and after, Iranian  airlines have served as a lifeline to the Assad regime, transporting  weapons and troops to the embattled dictator. Iran Air was recently  designated by the U.S. Treasury for such activity. Numerous Iranian  airlines remain sanctioned.   Last year, while speaking on the floor in support of these same  amendments, which passed the floor, I had on display this map beside me  exhibiting the route of an Iran Air flight in the middle of the night  from an IRGC hub to war-torn Damascus. This midnight flight was  unscheduled and flew on a routine Iranian arms supply path to Syria.  Hundreds of these flights are documented, showing a sophisticated  Iranian arms supply system using commercial jets.   On display now is even more compelling evidence of Iran Air's  nefarious activity. These recently taken photos display Iran-backed  Afghani militiamen flying Iran Air to Syria. You can see these same  militiamen holding AK-47s on the ground in the Syrian war zone and  prepping heavy artillery. These fighters are reported to be part of an  IRGC training Afghan Shiite militia actively fighting for the Assad  regime. Iran Air and the IRGC transport these jihadis to Syria to fight  for a dictator responsible for the deaths of almost a half a million  people, Mr. Chairman.   Until Iran ceases using commercial aircraft to support terrorists and  war criminals, Western companies ought not be allowed to sell Iranian  airlines more aircraft that they can use to fuel Assad's brutal war.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time remains?    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Barr), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Monetary  Policy and Trade of the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Chairman, my friend from Oregon acknowledges that  there are bad people doing bad things in Iran. Well, let's not help  them. Let's not be complicit.   And as to the candlelight vigils, none of the mullahs, none of the  leadership, were involved in candlelight vigils for the United States.  These are the people that are chanting and provoking: Death to America.   This does no violence to those who were supporters of the JCPOA. They  like it. This has no impact on it whatsoever. Furthermore, it doesn't  put American companies at any other disadvantage than other companies  have. In other words, the two big players here are Airbus and Boeing,  neither of whom, if we are successful with this amendment, would be  able to sell into that marketplace. Why? Because Airbus has the same  level of technology, they get caught up in the same net that we do.   We have got to ask the question: Do we step back and say, ``Wow. It  is just complicated and it is overwhelming, and, inshallah, let's do  nothing''?   No. Let's lean in. Let's make a decision. Let's be articulate and  let's say that we are choosing not to be complicit with what we know is  outrageous, and that is the use of commercial aircraft supporting the  world's largest state sponsor of terror. This is fairly intuitive. The  House has come together on these issues in the past.   Mr. Chair, I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is similar to the previous  amendment debated. Specifically, it would prohibit the Office of  Foreign Assets Control from authorizing U.S. financial institutions-- that is the distinction--from financing aircraft and sales to Iran.   It is the same reasons. It is all the same facts. It is fairly  straightforward.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Colorado (Mr. Lamborn), a member of the Armed Services Committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Zeldin).    Mr. Chairman, to close, as to the argument about  ideological riders, this is the Article I branch. It is the prerogative  of the House of Representatives and the Congress to speak and decide  how money is to be spent.   As to the notion that, the accusation that this breaches the JCPOA,  as much of a critic as I am of that deal, this doesn't breach it. So it  is in compliance with it.   The notion of jobs is an interesting one, and it kind of creates a  moral quandary until, Mr. Chairman, you balance out these two things:  jobs versus lives. Is that really a question here? Aren't lives more  important than jobs? Isn't it an interesting thing that several Members  of the Washington State delegation where Boeing, in particular, is  headquartered have actively written to the leadership of the Boeing  Company saying, don't do this, essentially, and don't put our employees  in the moral quandary of having to move forward on this?   Finally, Mr. Chairman, how would we be feeling if the debate were  happening in 1938 in this country, and the question was: Are we going  to loan money to some commercial operation that can be used by the  regime in Hamburg, Germany, for example? We would be scandalized by it.   We need to recognize with a sense of clarity where we are in history.  We ought not to be complicit with this. This House can make a great  deal of difference in the future of this fight.   Mr. Chair, I urge the passage of this amendment, the adoption of it,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   