 Mr. Speaker, science, technology, engineering and  math are critical to America's future prosperity.   Women are unfortunately underrepresented in STEM careers. Despite  representing nearly half of the college-educated and total U.S.  workforce, women account for less than 25 percent of America's STEM  workforce.   Supporting women's involvement in the fields of aerospace and space  exploration should be an important part of NASA's mission.   Current NASA programs such as NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS are important  and give young students the opportunity to interact and learn from real  NASA engineers, scientists, and technologists.   They provide virtual mentoring that use commercially available video  chat programs to pair NASA innovators with young students across the  country.   H.R. 321 builds upon this success. It leverages NASA's talent pool of  current and retired astronauts, and early career female scientists,  engineers, and innovators to inform and inspire young women to pursue  their dreams in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. One  day, these young people will push the boundaries of space.   Space can be a catalyst for inspiring young girls to enter the STEM  fields. By doing our part to support their engagement in space with  this legislation, we are investing in the futures of our daughters,  nieces, and grandchildren.   I again want to thank the bill sponsor, Research and Technology  Subcommittee Chairwoman Comstock for her leadership on this topic. I  encourage my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 255, the Promoting  Women in Entrepreneurship Act. I thank my Science Committee colleagues  Ms. Esty, who authored the bill, and Research and Technology  Subcommittee Chairwoman Comstock for their initiative on this issue.   H.R. 255 authorizes the National Science Foundation (NSF) to use its  existing entrepreneurial programs to recruit and support women and help  them develop their research and technology ideas for the marketplace.   STEM education is critical to our country's economy and global  competitiveness. A well-educated and trained STEM workforce promotes  our future economic prosperity.   These STEM workers have the potential to develop technologies that  could save thousands of lives, jump-start new industries, or even  discover new worlds.   That's why I authored with Ms. Esty the STEM Education Act, a new law  that strengthens science, technology, engineering and mathematics  education efforts at federal science agencies. It also, for the first  time, expands the definition of STEM to include computer science. The  bill was signed by the President in October 2015.   Unfortunately, studies show that only 26 percent of women who attain  degrees in STEM fields work in STEM jobs.   H.R. 255 encourages NSF to tackle this problem. It enhances women's  ability to translate their enthusiasm, scientific expertise and  research ideas into tangible products and businesses.   Inspiring American students to seek science and math careers is a  goal shared by Republicans and Democrats alike. Some of the most  energizing and exciting moments of my Science Committee chairmanship  have been interactions with young people who want to pursue STEM  studies and careers.   At various Committee hearings and robotics competitions in my  district, I have encountered motivated, talented young people who want  nothing more than an opportunity to pursue their dreams. And, in some  cases, change the world with their ideas.   Their passion for learning and science reminds me of why I enjoy  serving in Congress and on the Science Committee.   I again thank Ms. Esty and Chairwoman Comstock for their work on this  bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 255.   