 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Engel for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution. At the same  time, I want to express concerns about the full thrust of the  resolution.   It makes it clear that the military in Burma is the main perpetrator  of the crimes committed against the Rohingya people. In November,  Secretary Tillerson called the violence against the Rohingya ``ethnic  cleansing,'' holding the military responsible.   Some have urged that Aung San Suu Kyi does not control the military  and there is a danger that the military would use the present crisis as  a way to dismantle the civilian government. It has also been said that  the civilian government is working within a deep traditional bias  against the Rohingyas, and some see them as illegal immigrants from  Bangladesh.   Others point out the pressure on the civilian government could lead  to Burma moving closer to the Chinese. Still others point out that  talks about Rohingyas returning to Burma must be afforded time to work  out, and the process has only begun.   None of these factors must undermine the realities of the persecution  of the Rohingyas. As a U.N. official has stated, it is ``a textbook  example of ethnic cleansing.''   The Pope was under great pressure to not mention the Rohingyas by  name. He expressed his deep concern while visiting the country. Later  in Bangladesh, the Pope, being specific, said: ``None of us can fail to  be aware of the gravity of the situation.'' He called for ``. . .  decisive measures to address this grave crisis.''   A few years ago, I was part of the codel organized by Leader Pelosi  to Myanmar. One of the highlights of the trip was meeting with Aung San  Suu Kyi, who had been freed after almost 2 decades of house arrest. We  discussed her unique role in moving Myanmar toward a nation of freedom,  human rights, and peace.   The resolution earlier introduced by Senators McCain and Durbin  expressed the overriding need for the world to step up to the plight of  the Rohingyas. I introduced the same resolution in the House. These  resolutions reflect what many esteemed historical figures have said.   Theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer, executed by the Nazis, said:  ``Silence in the face of evil is itself evil.''   Desmond Tutu has said: ``If you are neutral in situations of  injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.''   Elie Wiesel said: ``We must take sides. Neutrality helps the  oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never  the tormented.''   I quote the statement of Martin Luther King, who said: `` . . . an  individual who accepts evil without protesting against it is really  cooperating with it.''   