 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to address the  Senate as in morning business.    Madam President, like all of us, I would like to join  with our fellow citizens and colleagues in expressing our deep  condolences to the victims of Hurricane Harvey. All Americans stand  with the people of Texas who have been devastated by this terrible  storm as they work to recover and rebuild their communities.   My thoughts and prayers are also with the people of Florida as they  prepare for Hurricane Irma. I urge everyone in the path of this  horrible storm to pay attention to instructions from local officials to  stay safe.   In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, I am pleased that the  legislation before us includes $15 billion in emergency funding to help  the people of Texas put their lives back together. Congress should and  must provide this needed relief.   In due time, if the devastation of Irma is anywhere near as bad as  predicted, obviously I and others will support sending Federal funding  to assist the people of Florida with recovery. That is clearly a  requirement and function of government.   Madam President, I also support increasing the debt ceiling as a  necessary way to prevent default on our government debt. However, I  cannot in good conscience support those very important pieces of this  legislation if it also means supporting a continuing resolution.   I have come to this floor many times to talk about the harmful  effects of continuing resolutions on our military. Year after year, we  have lurched from one short-term fix to another without doing the hard  work of governing and budgeting. And year after year, I have reminded  my colleagues that continuing resolutions are not only no way to fund  the government, they inflict great harm upon those Americans we are  constitutionally obliged to provide for, and that is our men and women  in uniform.   Our defense leaders have also sounded the alarm. For the last several  years, our senior military and civilian leaders have come to the Senate  Armed Services Committee and asked for the same thing: that Congress  provide stable, predictable funding and that we provide it on time. Is  that a lot to ask, stable and predictable funding, and providing it on  time?   In testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee this year,  Secretary Mattis pointed out that ``during nine of the past ten years,  Congress has enacted 30 separate Continuing Resolutions to fund the  Department of Defense, thus inhibiting our readiness and adaptation to  new challenges.'' He asked Congress to ``pass a FY 2018 budget in a  timely manner to avoid yet another harmful Continuing Resolution.''   Let me explain. A continuing resolution just continues and continues  at previous years' levels. I will talk about some of the impacts  continuing resolutions have had.   The Chairman of our Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dunford, also  stated that ``without sustained, sufficient, and predictable funding, I  assess that within 5 years we will lose our ability to project power;  the basis of how we defend the homeland, advance U.S. interests, and  meet our alliance commitments.''   My friends and colleagues, that doesn't come from Senator John  McCain, it comes from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff that  without predictable funding, within 5 years, we will lose our ability  to project power, the basis of how we defend the homeland, et cetera.   I shouldn't have to remind everyone that threats are on the rise  around the world. Global terrorist networks, increasing great power  competition with Russia and China, malign Iranian influence spreading  across the Middle East, a North Korean dictator racing to acquire  missiles that can hit the United States with nuclear weapons--the  threats to our national security have not been more complex or daunting  than at any time in the past seven decades.   Let us not forget that we are a nation at war. There are brave young  men and women serving in Afghanistan, Iraq, and other places. We must  always ask ourselves, are we really doing all we can to support them?   There is no point to discussing our strategy for Afghanistan or North  Korea or ISIS or any of the other myriad of threats we are currently  facing if we are simply going to fund the military through a continuing  resolution.   My friends, the state of our military is dire. The overwhelming  majority of our forces are not fit for combat in the near term. Three  out of our fifty-nine Army brigades are combat-ready. Four of sixty- four Air Force squadrons are ready to ``fight tonight''--that means  fully combat ready. Fewer than half of the Marine and Navy planes are  ready for combat. The Air Force has a pilot shortfall of 1,500, 1,000  of whom are fighter pilots. The Navy has a maintenance backlog of 5.4  million man-days scheduled for 2017.   The hard truth is, our military is declining. The President of the  United States campaigned with a full commitment of rebuilding our  military. If we do a continuing resolution, we are not only not  rebuilding our military, we are harming our military.   The hard truth is, the military is declining. For evidence of this,  we need look no further than all the headlines about ship collisions  and aviation accidents during peacetime training operations--incidents  that have tragically taken the lives of dozens of our brave men and  women in uniform. The incident involving USS McCain, which killed 10  young sailors, is only the latest example.   So how did we get here? How did we get into this position? Uncertain  budgets that are consistently late. Continuing to increase the  operational tempo for our military despite not having sufficient money  to pay for it. Making cuts elsewhere to stay afloat, like training and  maintenance. And we are about to do the same thing. Apparently,  watching as young men and women die for entirely avoidable reasons  seems not to be enough for us to change.   To be sure, while the budget alone will not fix all of the underlying  causes of the recent incidents, the military cannot improve without  timely and growing budgets. Yet that is exactly what a CR--a continuing  resolution--will not provide. A continuing resolution will lock the  Department of Defense into last year's funding levels, it will prevent  them from reprogramming funding to meet emerging needs, and it will  prohibit the start of new programs to modernize for future threats.  Perhaps worst of all, a continuing resolution will mandate a level of  spending $52 billion less than the President's budget request.   The military cannot fix its readiness problems without more funding.  The military cannot grow its forces to meet the expanding requirements  of a global threat environment under a continuing resolution. A  continuing resolution will not allow our military to modernize its  forces to ensure we maintain our strategic advantage over our  competitors.   While the President and this Congress understand that the military  does have a need for additional funding to rebuild the military, we are  asking them to keep treading water for 3 months for no reason  whatsoever. A continuing resolution is a crutch we  [[Page S5033]]  rely on when we cannot pass actual appropriations bills. It is a  temporary solution to avoid the worst possible outcome--a Federal  shutdown--and to allow us more time to reach a solution for funding the  government.   The majority of us can agree that passing continuing resolutions is  not the proper way of funding government. Congress cannot perform  oversight by passing continuing resolutions. The Federal Government  cannot execute effectively or efficiently when locked into last year's  funding bills. Having to pass a continuing resolution, by all accounts,  is a failure by the Congress of the United States to fund the Federal  Government.   I understand the need to use these from time to time as bipartisan  spending agreements are not always easy to come by. What I do not  understand is why we are voting on a continuing resolution 3 weeks  before the actual start of the next year without having spent any time  in the Senate on actually trying to pass an appropriations bill or  negotiating a bipartisan budget agreement. How is it that we are voting  on a continuing resolution--a mechanism of last resort--before we have  even made a single attempt at funding the government?   There has been no discussion of a bipartisan budget deal. There has  not even been a fiscal year 2018 budget resolution. We have not called  up a single 2018 appropriations bill--not a single one for 2018. Quite  simply, we have not been doing our jobs. If we are going to call  ourselves the world's greatest deliberative body, we have to do one  heck of a lot better. We have 3 weeks before we need to pass fiscal  year 2018 funding. Why have we given up before having even tried? We  could be spending this month debating a bipartisan budget deal we all  know we will now need to pass in December.   Attaching emergency funding for hurricane relief to a must-pass  continuing resolution and debt limit increase is irresponsible and a  dereliction of our most routine duties. It is the result of yet another  self-inflicted--I repeat, self-inflicted--crisis. Instead of returning  to the regular order by moving individual spending bills to fund our  government and our national security priorities, with ample time for  debate and amendments, we are shirking our responsibilities and kicking  the can down the road. All of us are responsible for the detriment to  the men and women serving in our military during a time of incredible  global uncertainty.   I would like to vote to provide assistance to the people of Texas. I  cannot vote for another continuing resolution that will harm our men  and women in uniform. Quite often, I go to where we have conflicts-- Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, and other countries in the region. I can  tell you that these young men and women who are serving in uniform,  under difficult and challenging circumstances, are not being provided  with the support, the weapons, the strategy, or, most of all, the  funding that is necessary.   Yes, we have been in this conflict for many years. The main reason  the conflict is not over is, we never had a strategy by which to win.  Now we have a national security team that has a strategy to win, but  they cannot do it without the tools they need to win but also do their  best to protect the lives of these young men and women who are  literally placing their lives on the line.   Meanwhile, what do we do? We decide that by December 15, maybe we  will take up a continuing resolution. We may take certain action.  Meanwhile, we are not providing the men and women in the military with  what they need not only to win but to do everything we can to ensure  that we have provided them with every possible means of protecting  their own health and welfare.   I say to my colleagues, we have seen this movie before. We are  lurching down the road to December 15--December 8, I think it has been  changed to now--when everybody will be eager to get out of town and go  home for one's undeserved Christmas holiday break. The point is, today  we should be taking up the budget, taking up our appropriations bills,  and moving forward. If people want to block it, fine. Then let's stay  in tonight. Let's stay in on Friday and Saturday and Sunday. Let's do  something really unusual. The men and women who are serving over there,  whom we are supposed to be taking care of, do not leave on Thursday  afternoon and go back on Monday. They are out there, putting themselves  on the line for us every single hour of every single day, and they  deserve a lot better than what they are getting from this  administration and this Congress, where the Republican Party has the  majority.   I urge my colleagues again, Why don't we sit down? Why don't we move  forward with these appropriations bills? Why don't we take care of the  men and women who are serving? There are so many things we can do for  them and for the country that we are not doing today. I urge my  colleagues to sit down together, and let's move forward because the  American people deserve it, and our oath of office makes it incumbent  on us to practice it.   I yield the floor.   