 Mr. President, I am pleased to be here with the Senator  from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the ranking member of the  HELP Committee to address this important issue.   You would think that after the healthcare debacle last week, the  other side would have gotten the message, which is that the American  people didn't send us to Washington to take away their healthcare.   When I think about healthcare in Colorado, I think about sort of a  circle that contains healthcare that people in my State are either  getting or not getting, and some part of that is ObamaCare, that is for  sure, but a lot of it has nothing to do with that. They are unhappy  with the way our healthcare system works. They want more access than  they have. The House bill went at this in exactly the wrong direction  from where they are interested in going.   I would like to work with Republicans and Democrats to solve that,  but this afternoon we are here once again because the resolution before  us would risk funding for vital primary care, preventive and family  planning services for more than 4 million Americans across our country,  especially women and those who live in rural communities of my State  and other States.   Since 1970, this body has supported title X funding to expand access  to affordable healthcare for low-income men and women. We did that  because we understood that it wasn't just the right thing to do, we  recognized that it was a good investment. Each dollar invested in  publicly funded family planning programs saves the government over $7  in Medicaid-related costs.   The other side rails against Medicaid spending. In fact, last week,  they had a bill that cut it by about $850 billion. But if they succeed  on this vote today, Medicaid spending will almost certainly rise as a  result of what they are trying to do.   We supported title X funding with both Republican majorities and  Democratic majorities in the Senate. Now a narrow majority is trying to  ram this measure through.   This isn't supported by a consensus of Americans, and you know it is  not when Vice President Pence has to drive over here from the White  House to cast a tie-breaking vote. Just yesterday, the Vice President  was at a White House forum on women's empowerment. It begs the  question: Did he learn anything at the forum?   It is easy for Senators, apparently, to vote against healthcare for  struggling Americans. I wonder sometimes whether the reason for that is  that we are not affected by this vote. That is doubly true when 50  Senators--overwhelmingly men--vote to cut healthcare for millions of  low-income women.   The vote today has real consequences for Colorado. If this measure  passes, it will threaten to cut funding for title X health centers  serving over 52,000 men, women, and teens each year. It will also risk  funding for the over 20 Planned Parenthood clinics throughout Colorado  that provide healthcare services to more than 86,000 men, women, and  teens. Planned Parenthood is a critical part of Colorado's healthcare  system, providing essential services in a quarter of the State's  counties. This support is especially vital for our rural areas. Two  weeks ago, I visited Alamosa and Durango, CO, where these health  centers are some of the only places women can turn to for preventive  care and family planning services.   We should not do this. Pediatricians are against it. Family  physicians are against it. Nurses are against it. But on the other  side, we have a narrow majority voting to strip funding for vital  primary and preventive care, including breast cancer screenings and HIV  testing.   I would invite anyone voting against this measure, including the Vice  President, to come to Alamosa and Durango and see what these health  centers are doing in our communities. I invite them to come and meet  the people they help, the lives they change.   I urge my colleagues to vote against this measure. It will hurt many  of our fellow Americans. It will hurt women in my State and  particularly working people, and it should not pass.   I yield the floor.   