 Mr. President, I am honored to be here tonight. Even  in moments of sadness and anger--and I feel both here--I am honored to  be a Member of this body. I am particularly honored to be a Member of  the U.S. Senate with Joe Manchin, whose bipartisanship and willingness  to listen and to compromise and be reasonable is almost legendary. All  of us, including Ranking Member Wyden of the Finance Committee, have  been more than eager to be reasonable and compromise and seek  bipartisan solutions. I truly want to thank Senator Wyden for his  leadership on this issue, as well as his insight and his great  commitment to the public interest.   We had a hearing earlier this week before the Armed Services  Committee about future threats to our Nation and national security,  with a panel of experts who testified that more than $1 trillion  dollars--maybe trillions--would be necessary for us to invest in the  future of our Nation's defense. So many of us asked them whether they  thought it would be possible to make that investment at the same time  that our Nation is about to incur an additional $1.5 trillion in debt  as a result of this misguided, maligned scam, this tax bill, and when  we asked that question, they shook their heads no.   The former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Mike Mullen, once  said--famously now--``The greatest threat to our national security is  our national debt.'' The reason our national debt is a threat to our  national security is very simply that it prevents us from the kind of  commitment and investment in our national defense that we on the Armed  Services Committee and we in this body and we the people of America  know we have to make to secure our national defense.   Our national defense is about more than just hardware and even the  great troops that we deploy--our service men and women who serve and  sacrifice with such incredible bravery and dedication and patriotism-- it is also about the quality of our society. It is about whether we are  equal, whether we give people the mobility to move and make of  themselves what their aspirations are and make the American dream real  in their lives and develop those skills through education and skill  training that are so necessary to us as a nation. We can't produce the  submarines and the F-35s and all of the extraordinary, complex hardware  that we do without that skilled training. We know that in Connecticut  because we produce submarines and jet engines and helicopters. We are  proud of that, but we need more people with those skills.   Yet this measure will enhance the divisions in our society. It will  divide us from each other as Americans. It will diminish the mobility-- social and economic mobility--in our great Nation, and it will increase  economic insecurity. It will not make Americans more sure about their  society, more confident in its equality and justice; it will create  more anxiety and anger because at its core, this measure is about  benefits to a tiny, minute fraction of America. Most of the benefits of  this measure go there. And it is about hitting the rest of Americans-- particularly middle-class families--with initial benefits that may even  look good at first but are a classic bait-and-switch because most of  those middle-class families will be worse off over the next 10 years.  Anybody earning between $50,000 and $75,000 will see their taxes  increase over those years.   For all the reasons that my colleagues have so powerfully and  compellingly outlined in this Chamber, with statistics that I don't  even have time to repeat here, this measure is essentially rotten at  the core in its claim to fairness.   Tax reform should be about making our Tax Code simpler and fairer.  This measure does just the opposite. My colleagues may say there were  hearings, but compared to the mid-1980s when the last major tax reform  was passed, there have been no hearings and there has been no real  markup.   We are now considering an amendment that was deposited on the floor  of this Chamber just minutes ago--barely an hour--and will receive no  serious scrutiny or oversight. It will harm our teachers and first  responders, our police and our firefighters, who will have less support  for their vital services. It will harm the job creators who need more  resources to invest in infrastructure. It will harm our educators and  the skilled trades. It will harm middle-class America.   It will hit Connecticut as hard or harder than any other State  because of the nondeductibility of State and local taxes and because of  the nondeductibility of casualty losses. The homeowners whose  foundations are crumbling will lose the ability to deduct the cost of  repairs that they must make. That is so fundamentally unfair that it  belies the promises that have been made even this day on this floor.   We are adopting this measure literally in the dark of night--a Friday  night when few Americans may be aware of what is happening here-- comparatively few.   On the passthrough provision that has been added to this bill,  unquestionably, some Americans will be aware, including the President  of the United States. He has more than 500 LLCs as part of his  organization that will benefit from this passthrough provision. So the  President may be celebrating, but most Americans will rue this day.   We will remember this day, all of us who are here, but we in this  Chamber will rue it as well. We will remember it because of the black  mark on our democracy that resulted from a guilty plea from a former  National Security Advisor--a guilty plea for lying to the FBI. It is a  black mark on our democracy, a sad day for our Nation, and a shadowy  moment for this administration, the Trump Presidency.   But we will remember it also as a self-inflicted wound for our  democracy when the actions of the U.S. Senate drove deeper divisions  within our society, created more insecurity, enlarged the anger and  angst and anxiety that people feel about themselves, and when we added  $1.5 trillion to the national debt that our children and our  grandchildren will pay and thereby when we diminished our national  security. The national debt may not be the greatest threat to our  national security, but it is one of the largest of the dangers to our  national security, and we have done nothing to alleviate it. On the  contrary, we are adding to it, and that is a shame and a disgrace.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   