 Mr. Speaker, the Bureau of Land Management manages 245  million acres, or nearly 10 percent of the total area of the United  States, and a whopping 700 million acres of mineral estate. Nearly all  of this acreage is in our Western States, which makes it imperative  that the agency extensively cooperate with the State and local  governments during the planning process.   It is true that the BLM's new planning rule, Planning 2.0, included  revisions to several aspects of the planning process, some of which  seemed to make some good sense.   Unfortunately, the new rule also introduced a significant measure of  confusion regarding how planning areas would be determined, and, most  distressingly, diminished the historic and valued role that State and  local governments play throughout the process.   In many of the counties in my district, it is not uncommon for the  public lands to make up well over half of the total area. For these  communities, having an equal seat at the planning table isn't merely a  luxury. It is an essential ingredient to ensuring that our way of life  is proudly maintained over many generations and is not extinguished.   Because of this, the BLM is required by law to consult and to  coordinate with State and local governments and maintain consistency  across their management plans and policies. Yet, the agency's new  planning rule envisioned weakening that partnership in several regards.  For one, the agency intends to dismiss consistency requirements with  anything other than the officially approved and adopted plans. This not  only places an undue burden on rural communities who likely do not have  the resources available to draft and maintain comprehensive plans, but  significantly lessens the importance of an array of other policies and  agreements that are germane to the planning process.   The importance of a State Governor's review of a Federal management  plan is also reduced, as it appears to limit input only to the  identification of inconsistencies with State and local plans, but  precludes formal input and observations regarding other aspects of the  plan.   Americans the Nation over treasure our public lands and thoroughly  enjoy our ability to be able to access them. But it cannot be denied  that, in many of our communities, decisions made by Federal Land  Management agencies like the BLM have amplified the impact. No planning  process revision should weaken the voices of our communities as  Planning 2.0 would do.   For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. I  applaud the efforts of my colleague out of Wyoming for her efforts on  this and urge passage of this resolution.   