 Madam Speaker, happy birthday to you.   Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the ranking member and our  chair.   I think this IAA represents the best of what we do together in the  committee, and I am really just thrilled on behalf of the men and women  who serve this country in our military and in our intelligence services  that they have an authorization, act, that respects what they do, that  enables what they do and understands that we have trying days ahead.   Press reports right now are showing that North Korea may have just  launched another ballistic missile, and so people who we represent at  home are counting on us to do everything we can to protect this great  country. It has been a privilege to work with Mr. Schiff and the  chairman on this bill.   Of particular interest for me is that this bill also has our  intelligence agencies report back to Congress just what efforts the  Russians are taking not just in America, but across the globe to  interfere and meddle in other countries' elections. We have seen an  escalating pattern of this over the past few decades, certainly  culminating in our recent 2016 election.   It is very important that the Congress knows and that the American  people and our allies know what continued efforts will look like. So I  appreciate the majority's willingness to work with us.   We have seen, I think, in just the past few days, a bicameral effort  to come together and say that we are not going to tolerate Russia's  aggression in the world. The sanctions that were recently passed in  this House and across the way in the Senate, I think, showed the world  that we are serious, that this is our democracy, and it is still a  democracy that is worth protecting. I think part of the IAA reflects  that spirit as well.   So, again, I thank the chairman for his work. I thank the staff on  the majority side and the Members on the majority side, as well as our  ranking member and our own staff, for working so hard to put this  forward to protect and defend this great country.   