 Mr. Speaker, today House Republicans are taking a short  break from their crusade to make our air and water dirtier so they can  now take the time to make it easier to kill bear cubs and wolf pups on  our national wildlife refuges in Alaska.   The rule that this resolution seeks to repeal does not infringe upon  the State of Alaska's bizarre campaign to destroy wildlife populations  on State lands nor does it prohibit the State from conducting  scientifically valid predator control measures on refuge lands.   The massive Federal overreach and trampling of states' rights being  claimed by the sponsor of this resolution and its supporters is nothing  more than the latest statement of alternative facts by Republicans here  in Washington. The truth is both the National Wildlife Refuge System  Improvement Act and the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act  authorize--and, in fact, require--the Fish and Wildlife Service to  maintain the natural diversity of refuges in Alaska, regardless of  State wildlife laws. This includes protecting healthy populations of  apex predators like wolves and bears.   Instead, the rule prevents the use of methods that hunters in our own  country agree violate the ``fair chase'' ethical standard that  separates sports hunting from pleasure killing. I don't hunt, but no  hunter that I know would ever think of catching a bear in a steel trap  or luring it in with bait and then shooting it or blowing away a mother  wolf and her pups in their den. These are the types of practices this  rule bans, and it only prohibits them on national wildlife refuge areas  that are owned and maintained by the American people, not the State of  Alaska. These tactics are not part of any science-based wildlife  management strategy, and despite what Trump's new Education Secretary  might think, these measures are not necessary to protect schoolchildren  from grizzlies.   This resolution is just another piece of the Republican agenda to  hand our public lands over to States and private interests as well as a  distraction from the things House Republicans aren't doing.   Where is your infrastructure package?   Where is your solution to make technical education and college more  affordable?   Where is your plan to combat climate change?   The answer is that they do not exist. So, instead, we are wasting  time on yet another Congressional Review Act resolution, standing idly  by without putting people to work fixing our roads, bridges, and energy  grid; without training Americans to do the job of today's economy, not  to mention tomorrow's; and without lifting a finger to protect people,  many of whom are our own constituents, from the worst impacts of global  warming.   The only difference between Trump and the House Republicans is that  he distracts the public to try to move his agenda, and they distract  the public to hide the fact that they can't move theirs. I urge you to  stop the distractions and vote ``no'' on this resolution.   