 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, we have all seen the terrible tragedy and suffering from  Harvey, Irma, and Maria. We have seen the shattered homes, and we have  seen the shattered lives. I have been to Houston and my native Texas to  visit with a number of the victims.   There are many tragedies, Mr. Speaker, out of these hurricanes and  flooding, but one of the tragedies--one of the tragedies--is that in  Harris County, where Houston is, 80 percent of the homes that were  flooded didn't have flood insurance.   Now, why didn't they have flood insurance, Mr. Speaker?   I believe one of the reasons is because we have a government monopoly  called the National Flood Insurance Program. Many people don't even  know of its existence. Many people think they were safe because they  were 3 feet outside of the government designated 100-year floodplain.  Many thought that somehow this was simply rolled into their homeowners'  insurance policy, but it wasn't.   So, Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity to make sure that people have  more affordable options for flood insurance.   Wouldn't it be wonderful that for every time you saw a life insurance  commercial or an auto insurance commercial, you saw something about  flood insurance to help educate the American people about the need for  this basic insurance policy?   We could see the savings occur as people rolled this into their  homeowners' policy.   In the very small portion of the market, Mr. Speaker, where there is  competition, people are saving not just hundreds of dollars, but  thousands of dollars.   We have heard from the Megoulas family in Pennsylvania: ``NFIP  insurance would have cost me $2,700 a year, but I was able to find  private coverage for only $718. . . . ''   We heard from the Cyr family, also of Pennsylvania: ``I have  benefited from switching to private market flood insurance from FEMA. I  save about $1,000 per year.''   So, Mr. Speaker, there is a piece of legislation known as the Flood  Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act, also known as Ross- Castor. I want to thank my colleague from Florida (Mr. Ross) for his  leadership on this issue. It is very simple. It simply clarifies  congressional intent that people ought to have more options.   In particular, Mr. Speaker, as people begin to rebuild after these  hurricanes, they need better options for flood insurance, particularly  with the NFIP $30 billion in debt, facing another bailout, and facing  an uncertain future. Now we need to take care of that.   That is why I have proposed, along with Chairman Duffy, a 5-year,  long-term reauthorization. We are currently operating under a temporary  90-day authorization. But as we do, let's work on something that we can  all agree on. The last time this bill came up in the House, Mr.  Speaker, 419-0. It has recently come out of the Financial Services  Committee 58-0.   I am not sure you can get that kind of vote tally for a Mother's Day  resolution. It is bipartisan. It is the very definition of bipartisan.   So let's take one important step today to help the victims of Harvey,  Irma, and Maria as they begin to rebuild their homes, to have more  flood insurance options, more affordable insurance options. As we work  through what we might disagree on in the NFIP authorization, let's pass  today what we can agree on and help the victims today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Ross), who is the author of the bipartisan Flood Insurance  Market Parity and Modernization Act, which passed this body in the last  Congress 419-0. He is the vice chairman of the Housing and Insurance  Subcommittee and the real leader for affordable private flood  insurance.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 15  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr.  [[Page H7567]]  Duffy), chairman of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee and a leader  on flood insurance in the House today.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   