 Mr. President, am I next?   I see the distinguished Senator from Washington on the floor. I ask  unanimous consent that after I speak, she be recognized to speak.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, am I next?   I see the distinguished Senator from Washington on the floor. I ask  unanimous consent that after I speak, she be recognized to speak.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to commend  Senator Orrin Hatch. I listened to the debate over this bill not just  today but for the better part of 3 years I have been a member of the  Finance Committee. I have never heard a more dignified, deliberate,  intelligent delivery on any subject than we all just heard from Orrin  Hatch on the tax bill. Regardless of your politics, regardless of where  you are from, it is good to know that America has dignified statesmen  like Orrin Hatch to take the tougher issues, simplify them, get people  to join hands, work together, and pass what is right for the American  people. I am glad the American people are going to get to see that over  the next couple of days.   I publicly want to thank Senator Hatch for all he has done and all I  know he has done in Washington during the last 3 years. In the 3 years  on this committee, I have seen us--Republican and Democratic committee  and subcommittee alike--work on every facet of the Tax Code to try to  simplify changes down to doable amounts and doable jobs. I have seen  everybody have input. I have seen everybody work together. Sure, we  have had differences. Senator Hatch has always kept the mainstream  there, kept his hand on the tiller, and saw to it that we never lost  sight of doing what we need to do, which is to reform our Tax Code.   I want to commend Senator Hatch and Senator Enzi, as well, for the  work they have done on the Budget Committee to get us to this point and  the unsung heroes that all of us know about, our staffs, whom we cannot  do without. Jay Khosla and Mark Prater on the Finance Committee have  been outstanding and have made this thing work, and I commend them for  their work. On my staff, I could not have done what I have done without  Amanda Maddox, Trey Kilpatrick, Monica McGuire, and Jay Sulzmann, who  have all worked hard to see to it that we made the right decisions for  the right reasons for the people of Georgia.   I am very proud to be a part of this Senate today and of what is  going to prove to be a historic day in the future. There are a lot of  naysayers saying that this is not going to work. There are a lot of  people who have come up to me today and have asked questions that have  bad connotations to them. Yet I want, for just a minute, to talk about  what I think this tax bill really means for the American people--for  the folks who voted for me to represent them--and for what is going to  happen in the years ahead.   I had a reporter stop me today while I was coming up to the floor.   He asked: Senator Isakson, where are you going to find the $1.478  trillion that you all are costing us by passing this tax cut?   I said: First of all, we have not lost the money. Second of all, that  is a static score. Third of all, I will be willing to bet you that we  will take in a lot more money because of our having a dynamic economy  than we will ever lose with a single tax cut.   There are some people whose thought process is one of tunnel vision.  They can't see outside the blinders. They don't understand that tax  policy drives economic decisions.   There are companies that in the last few years had been thinking  about leaving America because of our tax rate that are now deciding to  stay because of the new change. Don't underestimate the power of the  territorial tax change that this makes for American business.   A lot of CEOs who go to their annual stockholder meetings for C  corporations in America have to go with a  [[Page S8094]]  game plan to raise the return on their stocks in order to have people  invest in their companies. Unfortunately, the easiest way to raise the  return on their stock today would be for a domestic American company to  move their headquarters out of the United States to Ireland or to some  other place that had a lower tax rate. If you put more money on the  table for the stockholders, it will be bad for the country, bad for  your company, and bad for the American people as jobs leave America.   Now that we have a territorial system that we are going to, there is  an incentive to stay in America if you are located there and to come to  America if you are not. We are not going to have any more fast food  companies that are buying doughnut makers in Canada and then moving  their headquarters to Canada to get a lower tax rate. We are going to  have a lot of new companies that will think about becoming doughnut  makers and will do it right here in the United States because the new  tax system we will have will be fair and equitable for economic  development and building growth.   On the personal side, you really cannot argue with doubling the  standard deduction. You can't argue with doubling of the child tax  credit. You can't argue with simplifying the tax process itself and the  filing of taxes. You can't argue with lowering rates--having seven  different rate categories that are all lowered. You can't really argue  with all of that because you know that is better for the American  people and their pocketbooks in the short run, but in the long run, it  will be better for them and their children and their grandchildren in  terms of employment.   I have eight grandchildren. My oldest just graduated from college,  and the youngest is 9. In the years ahead--and I hope that I will get  to see a lot of them--they are going to get jobs, and they are going to  work. They are going to raise their families.   What we have done today is going to make it easier for them to find  employment for their kids, opportunity to develop businesses, and peace  of mind because they will live in a country that will be vibrant and  true.   For those who want to ask what we are going to do about the money  that we are giving up, I don't deal with static scoring; I deal with  dynamic scoring.   When I ran a company for 25 years, I made investments where I knew I  had a place to grow. I made business decisions where there was positive  growth ahead if I made the right decision. This Tax Code--this change  in the Tax Code, this opportunity that we have--does all of those  things.   Do I know exactly what is going to happen? No, but I am willing to  bet--and I have bet my vote already in committee and will later on  tonight on the floor of the Senate--on the American people and the  American worker and the American entrepreneur. I will bet on their  taking advantage of a tax code that is fair to them and that gives them  a chance to expand their personal opportunities. I will bet on them  that they are willing to move forward with a better tax code for all of  the country. I will make my bet on them that they will want to see to  it that their children and their grandchildren will have the  opportunities that they have had as well.   I thank Chairman Hatch for what he has done in the last 3 years to  make this opportunity come about.   I thank the distinguished Senator from Washington and the Senator  from Alabama, whom, unfortunately, we are losing in the next few weeks,  for what they have put in this legislation. I thank them for what they  have done in their looking out for their people.   Did we make any mistakes? Maybe, but you never make mistakes when you  are trying to do the right thing. You never make mistakes when you are  trying to do a good thing. You never make mistakes when you take a risk  because when you take a risk, at the end of that rainbow is a reward.  When you take a risk in lowering taxes, the greater reward is more  jobs, more opportunity, and a better America for our children and our  grandchildren.   I thank Senator Hatch for his work and for all that he has done to  make America a better country and, in particular, for giving us the  chance today to make our tax system fairer for all of the American  people.   May God bless him.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   