 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to voice my  concern regarding the nomination of Ajit Pai to serve as a Commissioner  of the Federal Communications Commission.   Many of my colleagues are planning to speak about the threat Mr. Pai  poses to a free and open Internet, but what brings me to the floor is a  different looming threat to the public interest: the proposed Sinclair  Broadcast Group merger with Tribune Media Company. If approved, the  Sinclair-Tribune merger would create the Nation's largest television  broadcast company in history, reaching over 70 percent of households  nationwide. There is reason for concern.   Mr. Pai's track record at the FCC has shown that he will not hesitate  to put the needs of industry ahead of the best interests of consumers.  Under his leadership as Chairman, the FCC acted to reinstate an  outdated loophole known as the UHF discount that would make it easier  for companies to get around rules limiting national media ownership.  These rules are essential in maintaining the trust Americans have  placed in their local broadcasters and ensuring consumers benefit from  programming representing diverse viewpoints.   What was Mr. Pai's motivation for putting this loophole back in  place? I will just say this: The loophole was reinstated in April, and  Sinclair announced its acquisition of Tribune in May.   My concerns about the merger are not solely grounded in Sinclair's  practice of mandating its stations distribute its self-produced  conservative content, as troubling as that is. Rather it is that no  single company should be  [[Page S6242]]  able to decide what 72 percent of the country's news looks like. The  Sinclair-Tribune merger undermines competition and threatens local  broadcasting as a trusted and diverse voice for its viewers in Illinois  and across the country.   Because of Mr. Pai's deregulatory campaign and repeated failure to  put the best needs of the consumer first, I will oppose his nomination  to serve a second term as a Commissioner for the Federal Communications  Commission.    I announce that the Senator from Nevada (Ms. Cortez  Masto), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez), and the Senator  from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), are necessarily absent.    Mr. President, let me thank my colleague from  Connecticut. He sponsored a filibuster on this issue, I believe it was  last year. I participated in it, as did many Members of our caucus.   Both he and Senator Blumenthal bring a special perspective to this  issue of gun violence, representing the State of Connecticut and the  families who lost their first graders. I believe they were first  graders who were shot down, 20 of them killed in their classrooms.   I remember, when I heard that story on how those children died and  their teachers died, I thought to myself: This must be the moment that  will motivate America to finally do something if innocent, first grade  children can be shot down in their classrooms in this fashion.   The honest answer is that we have spoken a lot about the issue, but  we have done little or nothing to change the circumstances that led to  their death.   If that were the only case, it would be bad enough, but the Orlando  nightclub--I believe 49 were killed there. Some crazed person went  there and killed innocent people gathered at that nightclub.   As Senator Murphy has said, when you go through the litany, it is an  endless litany of victims of gun violence--and last night in Las Vegas,  NV, the worst gun crime in the modern history of the United States of  America, the worst.   Estimates now, which I saw as I came to the floor, are that 58 have  died and over 500 were seriously injured. I don't know what the  ultimate numbers will be, but those numbers, in and of themselves, are  incredible.   Last night, we witnessed what was the worst mass shooting to date in  the Nation. This gunman, supposedly, at 10 p.m. last night in Las Vegas  local time, began firing from a room on the 32nd floor of a hotel into  a crowd of people gathered for a country music festival. He supposedly  was holed up in his hotel room with at least 10 guns and obviously  fired hundreds of rounds of ammunition.   As I mentioned, 58 people have been reported to have died, and over  515 injured. Those are staggering and horrifying numbers.   There are literally hundreds of families tonight and communities who  have been changed forever by this horrendous crime. Our prayers,  obviously, naturally, go out to them in this moment of loss and  uncertainty.   During and after the shooting--as we expect but should never take for  granted--law enforcement, first responders, acted like the heroes that  they are, working to stop the shooter, securing the scene, helping the  victims, saving lives. We are grateful to these first responders, who  so often are called to run to the sound of gunfire to keep us safe, not  to run away.   It is unthinkable that this type of shooting tragedy could happen in  the United States of America, but I am sorry to say it is becoming a  regular occurrence. This was the worst, but yesterday, October 1, was  also the 2-year anniversary of the mass shooting in Roseburg, OR, when  a gunman killed eight students and a professor at a community college.   Also, this past weekend, at least 33 people were shot in the city of  Chicago. At least four died. The relentless toll of gun violence never  seems to stop.   The American Medical Association has declared that gun violence is a  public health crisis in America. On an average day, 300 Americans are  shot. On an average day, 300 Americans are shot. About one-third of  them will die from that gunshot.   Mass shootings, as Senator Murphy said earlier, have become a daily  occurrence. If our critics would say ``Please, don't exploit the event  of a mass shooting by speaking on the floor,'' as Senator Murphy has  made clear, then we wouldn't be able to speak any day of the year  because they are so common.   We can't let this become the new American normal. We can't just shrug  our shoulders when we see over 30,000 Americans shot and killed year  after year after year. We can't sit back and do nothing while hundreds  of our fellow Americans are shot in one night simply because they went  out to hear a music concert.   Just this last week, I was at a concert in Nashville, TN, at the  Ryman, the site of the Grand Ole Opry; 2,000 people gathered there.  They were mainly folks from the Midwest, many of them retired, who love  country music, I am sure, as the people in Las Vegas did. When I heard  about what happened in Las Vegas, I thought: Well, what if someone had  walked into that theater and opened fire? It could have, sadly,  happened there.   What are we going to do about it? Certainly, there will be outrage at  the death. There will be grief over the loss. But then what? That is  what Senator Murphy challenges us to think about.   We serve in the U.S. Senate. We are not just casual observers of this  violence. We are supposed to pass laws to make America safer. What will  we do because of what happened in Las Vegas last night? That is the  question that brings me to the floor this evening. If we have a  responsibility to keep our families and America safe, what are we  prepared to do?   For the gun deaths in Chicago, there are some things that I would do  instantly. Background checks--I don't believe we should be able to walk  into a gun show and buy a firearm or more than one, incidentally, and  take them out of the back door without somebody asking: Who are you? Do  you have a criminal record? Would you be disqualified from buying these  same guns at a licensed gun dealer?   Currently, the law is riddled with loopholes, and those loopholes  lead to death, death on the streets of Chicago.   We also have these purchases being made by straw purchasers. In other  words, the girlfriend, who has no criminal record, who walks into the  gun  [[Page S6254]]  shop in the suburbs of Chicago and buys the gun for her boyfriend  outside in the car, who is going to use it that night to shoot up a  rival gang member or some other criminal activity. Those are two very  obvious things I would push for instantly: Close the gun show loophole;  make sure we do something about straw purchasers so that the penalties  are serious enough that they will never do it again.   There is more. This morning, I was on a radio show in Chicago, one of  the most famous ones, I guess. I listened to a fellow named Steve  Cochran celebrating his 1,000th show on the air. This was the topic we  talked about.   Steve asked me: Well, what can we do? I said: Steve, we have to rely  on people who honor the Second Amendment and believe it is an important  part of our Constitution to stand up and lead. I am talking about  members of my family who are hunters and sportsmen. I have been out  hunting myself. We have to have people who are concerned about guns for  self-defense stand up and say: We have to draw a reasonable line. There  is no reasonable line under the Second Amendment that would allow what  happened in Las Vegas last night.   To think that someone could injure over 500 people and kill 58--what  kind of weaponry did he use? We will know. We will find out the  details, but it certainly goes beyond any reasonable weaponry needed  for self-defense, sport, or hunting purposes.    Can we not at least appeal to those who honor the Second Amendment to  join us in drawing a reasonable line so combat and military-style  weapons that can lead to such carnage are not considered to be normal  or acceptable? Decades ago we did when it came to machineguns. Decades  ago we said this is a weapon no one should have, period, except for the  military and perhaps law enforcement. Can we return to that  conversation? We are going to need the leadership from people who  believe in the Second Amendment to make it happen.   We have seen Democrats and Republicans join together to pass  meaningful laws to deal with public health crises like opioid  addiction. We have to do the same for this public health crisis.   I am sorry to report that a recent nominee for Surgeon General of the  United States was almost denied that opportunity because he was bold  enough to say that gun violence is a public health crisis. It certainly  is.   There is no single law or policy that will prevent every tragic  shooting, just as there is no single law or policy that will end heroin  overdoses, but let's start working together to do something.   We can't stop the shootings that have already happened in Las Vegas,  Chicago, Roseburg, OR, and across the Nation. We failed to respond in  time for those victims and their families. But if we work together, we  can stop shootings in the future. That is something we should all  strive to do.   We must do all we can to spare families the unimaginable pain so many  in Las Vegas are feeling today in the aftermath of this horrible  tragedy. I hope we will.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   