 Madam Speaker, I rise today to call on all of my  colleagues to support this resolution and the underlying legislation,  H.J. Res. 111.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's antiarbitration rule will  cause a great deal of harm to consumers, including consumers who wish  to settle a dispute with a firm in a timely and effective fashion, as  well as other consumers who will see their options and choices  diminished and their costs increased by this rule.   The CFPB's rule will hurt the very people the CFPB claims it is  supposed to help by depriving individuals of the efficient and  effective process of arbitration. The CFPB itself acknowledged that  arbitration is 12 times faster, on average, than class actions.   In today's fast-paced economy, hardworking Americans may want to  pursue a quicker option than becoming a party to costly and time- consuming litigation that can take years.   Not only are class actions burdensome in terms of time, but they  often produce negligible benefits for the plaintiffs in question. In  fact, class actions reviewed in the CFPB study resulted in an average  recovery of only  [[Page H6230]]  $32 per class member. This is so minuscule that the firms being sued  are forced to charge their customers additional fees, which fees may be  larger than the initial recovery to cover the costs of the firm's legal  fees. This often leaves customers worse off financially than if they  had never chosen to settle their dispute.   Contrast this negligible or nonexistent relief and headache it causes  consumers with the average $5,300 of relief that consumers obtained  through arbitration in the cases that the CFPB reviewed in its own  study. Contrast the $32 average individual recovery as well with the  average $1 million that plaintiff lawyers make per settled case.   Madam Speaker, consider also the fact that 87 percent of class  actions generate no benefits for consumers whatsoever because they are  dismissed by the Court or settled with the named plaintiff only.   In addition to the direct harm the CFPB's antiarbitration rule will  cause to consumers, it will also have negative effects on a variety of  companies and firms that will have to prepare themselves for falling  victim to costly litigation. In light of that, they will be unlikely to  direct any financial resources toward providing their customers even  the option for arbitration.   In addition, many firms are unavailable to survive such costly  litigation, meaning they will either go out of business or be forced to  stop offering certain products and services.   How will this benefit consumers?   It won't. It will make their purchases costlier and the products and  services they need more difficult to find.   If you want to help ensure consumer recoveries and justice--and we  all do--depriving them of the most efficient and most remunerative  option is not the answer. Sadly, that is precisely what will result  from the CFPB's misguided, anticonsumer rule.   The CFPB's antiarbitration rule will close the door to recovery for  consumers, but open the door for million-dollar trial attorney's fees.  The underlying legislation considered today will reopen the door to  consumer recovery.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for  his leadership on getting this legislation to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, the CFPB's anticonsumer, anti-arbitration, pro-trial  lawyer rule is just the latest example of the harm that can be done by  an out-of-control, Washington-knows-best bureaucracy. This is a  teaching moment for the country about how, when elites in Washington  pander to special interests, they end up hurting the very people they  claim to be protecting.   We all want fairer outcomes for consumers, but the CFPB's unfair,  deceptive, and abusive rule will deprive millions of Americans of a  convenient, fast, and effective way to resolve their disputes.   According to the CFPB's own study, only 13 percent of class actions  provided a benefit to consumers, and the average payout was--get this-- $32. How is that pro-consumer? The same study, on the other hand,  showed that consumers who obtain relief through arbitration recover  over $5,300, on average. Again, that is $5,300 in arbitration against  $32 through a class action.   Meanwhile, trial lawyers in class actions earn about $1 million, on  average. Consider that--$1 million for the plaintiffs' lawyers, a $32  coupon, $32 cash, for a consumer. In other words, trial lawyers stand  to earn 31,000 times more than a consumer in a class action.   In arbitration, however, consumers get meaningful relief. Yet the  CFPB has finalized a rule that would effectively get rid of arbitration  and promote class actions as the preferred dispute resolution process.  This hardly seems fair.   The CFPB's anti-arbitration rule is an invitation to trial lawyers to  take all they can get. Banks, credit unions, and other businesses that  American consumers interact with on a daily basis will be forced to  hold greater reserves because of the risk of future costly litigation.  This will increase costs for consumers, and it will lead to less access  or more expensive financial services for millions of Americans. It  could also harm the safety and soundness of the financial system,  according to the Comptroller of the Currency, one of the main Federal  banking regulators.   The Dodd-Frank Act requires that any move by the CFPB to regulate  arbitration agreements needs to be in the public interest and for the  protection of consumers. I fail to see how forcing consumers to accept  a coupon for their troubles and handing millions of dollars in payouts  to trial lawyers meets either of those goals.   Only at the CFPB could endangering local banks and credit unions and  restricting consumer access to financial services be cast as a win for  the American people. But, again, this is what you get from the least  accountable agency in history, an agency with, according to the D.C.  Circuit Court of Appeals, massive and unchecked power that is headed by  a Director who possesses more unilateral authority than any single  commissioner or board member in any other independent agency in the  U.S. Government.   It has long been understood that expeditious, fair resolution of  disputes is in the public interest and part of the public policy of  this country. The CFPB rule we are reviewing today challenges that  premise, as did the Dodd-Frank section that spawned this rule. But it  is the people, acting through their elected Representatives, who have  the final say in this matter.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I introduced H.J. Res. 111 so that Congress  can, through the Congressional Review Act, strike down this unfair,  deceptive, and abusive rule and push back against an out-of-control  agency. I ask my colleagues to support this legislation and stand for  consumers, fairness, and the American economy.   