 Mr. Chairman, my first amendment simply declares that none  of the funds authorized to be appropriated in this bill can be used to  deploy members of the Armed Forces to participate in the ongoing civil  war in Yemen.   By passing this amendment, we ensure that no hero, no patriot in a  U.S. military uniform will be put in harm's way in a conflict that can  only be settled by the parties involved.   My second amendment simply cuts off funds to any so-called friendly  rebels in Iraq or Syria who make a mockery of our good intentions by  misusing American arms and resources, and, in far too many instances,  using them against us.   We have already spent trillions of dollars, lost thousands of  precious lives in these endless wars of choice in the Middle East. It  is time to put a stop to it, time to start investing in America and the  American people. So I urge the adoption of these amendments en bloc.   I would only add that the President, in his last campaign, had a  message that we need to embrace, and I think the en bloc group of  amendments takes us in that direction. He pointed out we spend $6  trillion in Iraq and Afghanistan alone. For one of those trillion, we  could have graduated every kid in America from college debt-free. For  another one of those trillion, there is your trillion dollars for  infrastructure to fix the trains that are coming off the track and the  bridges that are falling down. For another one of those trillion, we  could have found a cure for cancer or Alzheimer's or diabetes, and we  still would have had $3 trillion for deficit reduction.   I applaud this committee for all the work that they are doing and the  direction that they are taking us back to in getting us out of these  endless wars of choice and start reinvesting in America, the American  people, and the American infrastructure. That creates good jobs and the  quality of life that we embrace.   To be sure, we must have a strong national security. There are evil  people and evil forces out there that we need to protect ourselves  against, but that doesn't mean we have to get involved in every civil  war and every war of choice in the world.   