 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support today of the Corporate  Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017, and I appreciate my  good friend, Sean Duffy's work on it.   Over the past 3 decades, I have advocated for responsible shareholder  activism and urged for corporate boards of directors to perform their  responsibility of careful stewardship, particularly in their essential  functions in evaluating corporate strategy, hiring able hardworking  executive management, and, critically, capital allocation.   For example, as Berkshire Hathaway's CEO, Warren Buffett, recommends,  corporate compensation committees must be composed of ``saber-toothed  tigers,'' not ``house cats,'' in their work.   Likewise, investors must take their responsibility to hold boards  accountable for their irreplaceable role in maximizing returns for  shareholders, while executing a corporate strategy that balances  shareholder returns with employees and customers.   So the question is: How can investors effectively lower agency costs  and actively meet this accountability mission?   For 20 years, this has been a much-discussed area by thoughtful  experts like Warren Buffett, ISS founder Robert Monks, Marty Lipton,  and Lawrence Cunningham. Grad schools at UCLA, Stanford, Harvard, Yale  all researched this challenge. Organizations of institutional investors  and corporate directors all proffer best practices.   And how do we best align these interests for this mission, but make  conflicts of interest readily apparent?   The role of proxy advisory firms in the U.S. economy has grown over  the last 2 decades and is a major shaper of corporate governance, and  it is of national importance. These firms counsel our pension plans,  our mutual funds, other institutional investors, which are more and  more in the market; 75 percent of the market, compared to when Robert  Monks started thinking about the idea in the late 1980s.   Under the current system, two proxy advisory firms now have 97  percent of the market, Mr. Speaker, and this monopolization and the  lack of transparency regarding their work means that the writings,  analyses, reports, and vote recommendations of just these two firms  have a disproportionate effect on the fundamental corporate  transactions, like mergers and acquisitions, the approval of corporate  directors, and other shareholder proposals.   Also, this has created more of a checklist mentality in the  boardroom. Directors today need information, yes, but, more  importantly, they need wisdom. And the proxy advisory firms are driving  people in boardrooms, in my view, to more of a checklist mentality,  regulatory mentality, and less using their business judgment and wisdom  to guide our public companies.   Proxy advisory firms aren't immune to conflicts of interest.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, these conflicts are provided by providing  additional recommendations to the very firms that they are rating.   So, Mr. Speaker, we need balance in this arena, and I think Mr.  Duffy's bill provides a step toward that balance, an improvement in  transparency in the proxy system, thereby enhancing shareholder access  to important investment information. I appreciate his work on it. I  thank him for his work in our committee.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. David Scott), a hardworking member of  the Financial Services Committee.   Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, this is indeed a very, very  important issue. I come at this from one who has worked with my good  friend, Mr. Duffy, on this issue. More than that, I voted with Mr.  Duffy for this bill in committee.   However, there are some troubling things about this bill that could  do one very damaging thing. It could put many of these proxy firms out  of business.   I want to take a moment to explain what the danger is in the bill  that made me change my mind. I chatted with Mr. Duffy about it. He  understands it. This is not to shed any negative light on his  objective, but it is what he is doing to get to that objective that  disturbs me and, I think, should disturb the people of this Congress  and this country, and that is this:   It could be summed up in, basically, 2 words: unilateral authority.   That is what this bill provides to the Securities and Exchange  Commission: unilateral authority to set the requirements, first of all,  for what it means to be a proxy firm.   When you put unilateral authority into the hands of a regulatory  agency, we know the damage that can be done. And I agree that there may  be some things that need to be done, but these words, ``unilateral  authority,'' would mean that the Securities and Exchange Commission  could establish any number of hurdles for these proxy advisory firms to  jump over in order to just stay in business.   Unilateral authority to do such things as setting financial  requirements, one would say that nothing may be wrong with that; but  other hurdles that the Securities and Exchange Commission could put up  likely will be arbitrary, illogical, such as them setting requirements  for how many employees a proxy firm should have.   Mr. Speaker, this is a step too far, especially during a time in our  country when Federal regulators have used their powers to attack the  American people at any and every level.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional  30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia.   Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, second, let me give you an  example of how you can put too much regulatory authority into an  agency.   When HHS, this year, used their powers to attack women's health, that  happened; or when the Department of Justice used their powers to  reverse community policing reform at the Department of Justice.   All I am saying in this particular argument, Mr. Speaker, is that Mr.  Duffy is well-intended, but this goes too far, and I urge my colleagues  to reject and vote ``no'' on this bill.   