 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation, and I  want to thank all my colleagues who worked in a bipartisan manner to  make it happen.    Patients and providers in my district and across the country will  benefit from these important improvements, and I am proud to support  them.   Two provisions come from bipartisan bills that I have worked on for a  number of years. The first helps patients get the devices they need  while keeping fraudulent providers out of Medicare. The change we are  debating today  [[Page H6237]]  will ensure that any documentation created by device experts will be  included in a patient's medical record to support the physician's  directions.   The second provision that I authored comes from the comprehensive  telehealth packages that I have been working on with Representative  Black and our colleagues from the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr.  Welch and Mr. Harper. This change will allow for virtual visits and  remote patient monitoring for kidney failure patients living at home.  Letting these patients utilize telehealth ensures that they can access  the services they need from the setting that they prefer: their homes.   This bill is another step forward in the expansion of telehealth, but  we can do a lot more. Our telehealth bills offer a menu of options for  moving forward. Policies like paying for telestroke services or adding  telehealth to the Medicare Advantage program have bipartisan support  among both Houses, as well as a broad coalition of support from  stakeholders.   We know they save money. I have worked on telehealth for decades.  When I was in the California State Senate, I wrote the State's first  telehealth legislation to bring critical services to folks enrolled in  the State Medicaid program. That was in 1996. Now it is 2017, and we  still haven't passed, in Congress, comprehensive telehealth legislation  that would expand access for Medicare beneficiaries.   It is long past time for Congress to come to the conclusion that  California reached long ago: telehealth saves money, and it saves  lives. I am optimistic that the passage of this bill is just a small  sample of what is to come in regard to telehealth in the future.   