 Mr. President, I oppose the nomination of  Representative Ryan Zinke to be Secretary of the Interior.   The Department of the Interior is charged with judicious management  of our Nation's public lands. It is responsible for balancing  conservation, recreation, and development to ensure that Americans get  the best use and best value from our collective natural resources.   President Teddy Roosevelt, one of the greatest stewards of our public  lands, once said: ``I recognize the right and duty of this generation  to develop and use the natural resources of our land; but I do not  recognize the right to waste them, or to rob, by wasteful use, the  generations that come after us.''   The Obama administration took important steps to protect our  resources and provide best value to taxpayers. Taking Atlantic Ocean  drilling off the table protects our coastal areas and the vital tourism  industry up and down the Eastern Shore, including Ocean City.  Modernizing the coal leasing process ensures that taxpayers get proper  payment for use of common resources. Preventing methane leakage on  public lands stops waste of resources and pollution from a potent  greenhouse gas.   Representative Zinke's history in Congress casts doubt on his  commitment to these important initiatives. He has a mere 3 percent  lifetime score from the League of Conservation Voters and an F grade  from the National Parks Action Fund. I appreciate that he has spoken in  opposition to the sale or transfer of public lands to States, but I am  deeply concerned about his vote in January in the House of  Representatives for a rule change that would make sales and transfers  much easier.   As the Sierra Club has said: ``Rather than dedicating himself to the  preservation of our public lands, Representative Zinke has repeatedly  sided with those who would dismantle, degrade, or dispose of them.  Mining, drilling, logging, and dirty energy interests have been placed  time and again before the public interest''   In an op-ed opposing a Department of the Interior rule to update coal  leasing to get better value for American taxpayers, Representative  Zinke said that the Obama administration was ``fighting a more  aggressive war against American coal than they are against ISIS.'' This  kind of hyperbole does not bode well for Representative Zinke's ability  to represent American taxpayers or promote conservation as Secretary of  the Interior, should he be confirmed.   In his nomination hearing, Representative Zinke pledged to support  Federal public lands, permanently reauthorize the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, and address the National Parks maintenance backlog.  These are important promises from any nominee for the Department of the  Interior. Unfortunately, Representative Zinke's voting record does not  give me confidence in his commitment to fulfill them, and therefore I  must vote against his nomination today. I am proud to be a member of  the Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related  Agencies, and if he is confirmed, I look forward to working with him to  protect our public lands and ensure that American taxpayers get a fair  deal for our common resources.   