 Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking the  chairman of the full committee, and I join the ranking member of the  full committee in honoring the work of Chairman Roe, his staff, and his  ensuring that we do the right thing for every single one of the  veterans in this country that we are here to serve.   It would be easy just to criticize the Choice Program which has not  worked fully as intended. Too many of the veterans that we represent  are still getting bills when their provider in the community, the VA,  and the third-party administrator can't resolve their differences.   Too many veterans are having too hard of a time in getting an  appointment in a timely fashion. And as we learned recently, the VA  still is not fully measuring the true wait time for the more than 3  million appointments that have been made through the Choice Program  right now. We don't have the kind of accountability that we must have.   All the same, the Choice Program is bridging care for veterans who  need it in millions of instances. To simply allow the sunset to take  place without having the time necessary to work on some of the  necessary fixes would be irresponsible. So thanks to the chairman and  the ranking member, we are able to do that today.   We also ensure that the VA becomes the primary payer, which is going  to reduce some of the billing headaches that veterans have  unnecessarily been subjected to.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to point out that the bill contains the Vet  Connect Act, which I was able to author with Congressman Benishek, a  bipartisan bill, last session, re-introduced this session.   It is bicameral, as well, in the Senate. We have Senators Tester,  Isakson, and Manchin, who authored this bill that ensures that  veterans' private medical information follows them from the VA to their  provider in the community and then back to the VA, ensuring that every  appointment, every provider, and every doctor can make informed medical  decisions on behalf of those veterans. Right now, at the current rate  of inclusion of veterans' personal medical information, it would take  60 years to get all the data into the hands of the doctors who need to  make that care.   This brings the VA and the veterans under the VA's care into modern  medical record keeping and sharing. It honors all of the HIPAA  regulations; ensures privacy of veterans' medical records; but, most  importantly, ensures that they are going to get better, more informed  quality care, better outcomes, better treatment. It is what the  veterans that we serve have earned and deserve.    I am very proud to join my colleagues in this to work for its  passage. I hope that the other Members of this body will join us in  supporting this unanimously.  [[Page H2726]]        