 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2810, the  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018.   I have the privilege of serving as the chairman of the Tactical Air  and Land Forces Subcommittee, and I want to particularly thank my  subcommittee's ranking member, Ms. Tsongas, for her support in  completing the markup of the bill, as well as for her hard work and for  the bipartisan work that we have done together on the issue of sexual  assault in the military. I appreciate her leadership in that.   I strongly support this bill and can't emphasize enough Chairman  Thornberry's steadfast leadership in raising the top line in this bill.  This bill recommends $631 billion, a significant and needed increase  over the original budget request that supports both the base and  unfunded requirements, which totaled over $30 billion. Without Chairman  Thornberry's leadership, this number would not be sufficient.   We are presenting a budget that helps rebuild the readiness of our  forces. This increased base funding will begin to rebuild full-spectrum  readiness from years of deferred modernization brought on by the  previous administration.   Within the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee jurisdiction,  this bill authorizes over $12 billion in additional funds to address  critical unfunded modernization requirements identified by the  services.   The bill recognizes the importance of land forces in current and  future operations and authorizes over $2 billion to accelerate armored  brigade team modernization, to include additional Abrams tanks and  Bradley fighting vehicles.   The bill addresses strike fighter capability and capacity shortfalls  and authorizes another $2 billion in additional funding to secure  additional F-35 Strike Fighters and F-18 Super Hornets to address  unfunded requirements for the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps.    I am also pleased that this bill supports the European Deterrence  Initiative, using OCO and addressing the needs of our European allies.   This bill contains language from the BE HEARD sexual assault bill  that I worked with Representative Tsongas on, that we introduced in  June, and I am very proud that we continue to advance for the cause of  protecting our servicemembers from sexual assault.   I am also pleased to note that Evan's Law is included in this bill.  This bill will ensure that the that Department of Defense implements  military residential window safety measures to protect against  unintentional falls by young children.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the National Defense  Authorization Act.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is not about fiscal  security. It is arbitrary. It is arbitrary cuts without any reference  whatsoever to our security risks, without any assessments to the needs  of our military, and it is incorrectly stated that we are giving things  to our military that they do not want. In fact, they needed more.   There is a whole category called unfunded requirements that they put  before the House Armed Services Committee. And I want to say that  again: unfunded requirements. It is not unfunded wishes, unfunded  needs--unfunded requirements. And they are based on the mission that we  have assigned the military and their inability to do so as a result of  that gap, and many of which we were unable to fund in this bill.   What would some of those relate to? We could take a tour around the  world and we know the risks that we are facing: China, Russia, North  Korea, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, ISIS, terrorism. These are not  issues that you take up lightly and then say we can undertake an  arbitrary cut.   By the way, if this was really about fiscal security, it would be a 1  percent cut across all spending, but it is only  [[Page H5724]]  going to apply to the military. This doesn't apply to the IRS. It  doesn't apply to the EPA. This is only saying that the military should  be cut as a result of some concept of fiscal savings.   But the savings that we have taken have damaged our military already.  The Air Force Vice Chief of Staff, General Stephen Wilson, at HASC,  testified in February of this year, `` . . . we have become one of the  smallest, oldest equipped, and least ready forces across the full  spectrum of operations in our service history,'' the entire history of  the Air Force.   In 1991, we went to Desert Storm. Our Air Force was 500,000 people  and 134 fighter squadrons. Today we find ourselves at 317 in our active  force, with 55 fighter squadrons.   The Navy is the same. It is the smallest since World War II.  Deployments continue to increase, and training and maintenance periods  have been shortened, eliminated, or deferred.   The number of Marine Corps infantry battalions have been reduced by  four since 2010, going from 28 to 24.   Admiral William Moran, the Vice Chief of Naval Operations, has also  indicated that of the Navy aircraft, 60 percent are unable to operate.   The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.    At the end of this amendment, it incorrectly states that  there should be no cuts to military personnel, and it incorrectly  states that because the rest of the cuts actually apply to our military  personnel. It applies to what we ask them to do and what we give them  to do the job.   Our military should be honored. It should not be faced with  additional cuts. We should honor what is in this bill. We should  satisfy their requirements, and we should support our men and women in  uniform.   