 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to  include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order.    Madam Speaker, before my colleagues in the Congressional  Progressive Caucus and I begin our discussion about the response to the  Republican tax plan, I wish to take a moment to express our sympathy  for the people of northern California who are facing devastating and  destructive wildfires.   I represent a Silicon Valley district where hundreds of our neighbors  to our north and south remain missing. Tens of thousands are suffering  at this very moment from the destruction of more than 150,000 acres and  counting, as well as an increasing number of family homes and  businesses. It seems that our Nation has been struck by one national  tragedy after another. Our prayers are with the California residents,  and I know that everyone in this body is committed to their relief.   I also, on a personal note, want to recognize Liz Bartolomeo, who has  been my communications director and worked very hard with the  Congressional Progressive Caucus. She is going on to work for Democracy  Alliance. I wish her very well in her next steps, and I thank her for  her service to our office and to the Congressional Progressive Caucus.   The purpose of this hour is to discuss the Republican economic plan,  and I have distinguished colleagues of mine who will be joining us. I  just want to, at the outset, articulate the basic difference in  philosophy.   The President and the Republicans believe that to grow our economy,  to create jobs, the way to achieve that is by giving tax cuts to  corporations, giving tax cuts to the investors in stock, giving tax  cuts to the executives who already get large compensation packages; and  that if we do that, if we cut corporate tax rates at a time where  corporations are making record profits, if we give more tax breaks to  those who are investing in our stock market, if we give more tax breaks  to those who get dividend checks, then somehow, magically, people  making 30 grand or 40 grand will see their wages go up, that somehow we  are going to get many more jobs in places across this country.   And the question is why would we believe that? Why would we think the  trickle-down economics, which has failed time and again, is going to  help? Does someone really believe, in my district, who is a  construction worker or a nurse or a teacher, that lowering the  corporate tax rate is going to do anything to put more money in their  pocket, that it is going to do anything for a nurse who is struggling  to get an apartment and pay rent to be able to afford that rent, or  that it is going to do anything for people in Youngstown, Ohio, to be  able to send their kids to school or get vocational training or get a  college education?   The difference is very simple. Our belief is, if you want to raise  wages--if you want to give more pay to average Americans, just go raise  wages. Provide the tax credit to those making under $75,000. For one- third of the cost of the Republican tax plan, which is geared towards  corporations and the investor class, we could give every single  American, who is making under $75,000, a 20 percent pay raise. I  believe that is bottom-up economics, and that is actually what is going  to grow the economy.    It is not a matter of just the economics. It is a matter of common  sense. Think about it. Who do you think is going to create more jobs in  the United States? Someone worth 5 million bucks who gets tax money  back and is going to invest in stocks? Or is that money going to create  jobs in the United States? Or could that money be spent anywhere in the  world, sheltered anywhere in the world? As opposed to if you give that  money to someone making $50,000, $60,000, they are going to spend that  money in their local community; they are going to buy more groceries;  they are going to buy more things for their house; they are going to  get more education; that money is  [[Page H8018]]  going to go into the local economy, and it is going to actually create  jobs. That is what is going to grow the economy. That is our only shot  of getting 3 percent economic growth if we invest in actual workers,  the people doing the work.   By the way, they haven't gotten a raise for the past 40 years. Since  1979, wages in this country have stagnated, and we heard the same  thing: just cut the taxes on the top and the wages will go up. But the  wages haven't gone up.   Guess who promised to help, finally, those forgotten Americans? Guess  who promised to help them? President Donald Trump. That was his whole  campaign: The stock market is doing great, but you are being left  behind. The coasts are doing great, but you have been left behind. And  I am going to come to the White House and I am not going to give the  keys to the Wall Street bankers. I am going to actually worry about  raising wages.   His biggest disappointment as President is that he went back on the  promise that he made to ordinary Americans, and we know that he can do  it if he wants to. All he has to do is tell his Wall Street advisers:  No, no more tax breaks for Wall Street. I want the tax credits going to  Main Street, and I can do that at a third of the cost of the plan that  you are selling to me and the American people.   This is the debate in this country, supply-side economics that  believes the greatness of America is with the investor class and the  CEO class and the elite class, or bottom-up economics that our party  and the Progressive Caucus is putting forward that believes the  greatness in America is with the people who actually do the work, who  work 40, 50 hours, who go on the assembly lines and work in factories,  who work overnight as nurses taking care of folks, who are doing the  education as teachers.   Who do we believe is really contributing to the economy? Who do we  believe is really driving America's economic growth? The Democrats  believe it is ordinary workers across this country, that that is the  greatness that drives the American economy, and the Republican tax plan  believes it is the investor class.   It is a very clear difference, and our commitment is not just one  towards fairness but also one about investing in people who are going  to create jobs and create innovation in this country.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin), my  distinguished colleague, who is not just a constitutional law professor  and a leading thinker on issues of juris prudence but has also been a  leader with the Congressional Progressive Caucus in helping us craft an  economic policy that is really for ordinary Americans and not for just  the very wealthy.    Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Raskin for his  thoughtful points and comments on the President's tax policy.   I have a few other points before we conclude. The President has said  that we can't afford foreign aid given our deficits, but the President  thinks that the average American doesn't know math. Mr. President, the  average American can do math.   The deficit is $20 trillion. Our foreign aid every year is no more  than $30 billion to $40 billion. Your proposal would increase the  deficit between $200 billion to $500 billion. So this red herring that  somehow foreign aid is responsible for the deficit is just false.   What is responsible for the deficit is the massive tax cuts that you  are proposing that would add, according to conservative economists,  between $2 trillion to $5 trillion more to our deficit, and it is all  to finance the corporate interests, all to finance the investor class.   We have, on the Democratic side, on the progressive side, proposed an  alternative, and that alternative is based on the view that we need to  encourage job creation and raise wages for mainstream America, that we  need to invest in the people actually doing the work. It is based on  the thinking of people who used to be Republicans and people like Jack  Kemp, who said: Let us invest in areas that don't have jobs and  economic growth and have heavy investment for training on the  technologies of the future. That used to be the thinking on the other  side of the aisle. We used to have differences, but there used to be  creativity and a sense of what is actually going to invest in people to  grow the economy.   And now, under this President, it is just a mantra of tax cuts for  the very wealthy, tax cuts for the people who need it least, tax cuts  for corporations, no sense of actually investing in new industries,  investing in the training and skills of the 21st century, investing in  bringing capital to places that need them. I hope and believe that as  people in good faith will look at the two contrasting proposals, one  that says tax cuts for corporations, the other that says let's invest  in American workers, let's invest in American communities, that they  will conclude that the way to actually raise wages, the way to actually  create jobs, the way to actually grow our economy is by bottom-up  economics by investing in the American workers and in those Americans  who are part of the middle class.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   