 Mr. President, while the Senator from Rhode Island is  still here, I was pleased to join with him in an article published in  the New York Times not long ago. We don't agree on everything, but we  do agree on this: Climate change is a serious problem, and it makes no  sense to close nuclear power plants while they are safely operating and  producing 60 percent of our carbon-free electricity in the United  States.   So I thank him for his partnership on that article in the New York  Times.    Mr. President, today I come to the floor to express my  opposition once again to the possibility that the Tennessee Valley  Authority--the TVA, as we call it--might raise our electric bills and  waste more than $1 billion buying electricity the region does not need  by agreeing to purchase power from the Clean Line Energy Partners'  proposed Plains & Eastern wind power transmission project.   Congress has a responsibility to conduct oversight of TVA's decisions  and also to ensure that TVA is fulfilling its missions, as defined by  the TVA Act. Although TVA does not receive any Federal funding from  Congress, TVA is a Federal corporation, and its board members are  nominated by the President of the United States and confirmed by the  Senate.   The House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and the Senate  Environment and Public Works Committee, the committees responsible for  the oversight of TVA, have held hearings to discuss TVA's budget and  policies.   So as a U.S. Senator, today I am here to exercise my oversight  responsibilities on TVA. Clean Line Energy Partners, a Texas-based  company, is proposing to build giant, unsightly transmission towers  from Oklahoma, through Arkansas, to Tennessee--known as the Plains &  Eastern Clean Line--to carry comparatively more expensive, less  reliable electricity to Tennessee and other Southeastern States.   For the first time ever, Federal eminent domain will be used over the  objection of the State of Arkansas and both of Arkansas's U.S. Senators  to acquire the land necessary for the transmission line. In order to  move forward with the construction of a single 700-mile, high-voltage,  direct current transmission line, Clean Line Energy Partners must find  utilities in the Southeast that are willing to purchase the power  produced by an Oklahoma wind farm and transmitted by the Plains &  Eastern Clean Line. For this reason, Clean Line Energy Partners and  their supporters have been urging the Tennessee Valley Authority to  agree to a long-term power purchase agreement for wind power.   In November, shortly after the election, the Southern Alliance for  Clean Energy said: ``We strongly encourage TVA's Board of Directors to  immediately contract for at least 1,000 megawatts of wind power on the  Plains and Eastern Clean Line.'' Why the rush, I would ask. The answer  is this: Federal subsidies for wind power--subsidies that waste  billions of dollars of taxpayer money each year--end after 2019. A  petition being pushed by the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy urging  TVA to purchase the power spells this out. They said: ``Critical  deadlines regarding the Federal production tax credit for wind power  are fast approaching. . . . The time to contract for low-cost wind  power is now.''   So last December, I wrote to the TVA and said: ``There should not be  a rush to approve any proposal from Clean Line Energy Partners. This is  a big, expensive decision and should be left to the new board next  year.''   While this decision should be left to a full TVA board when all of  its members are confirmed, I don't know why either a board with three  vacancies, which is what we have today, or a complete board with all of  its members confirmed would even consider approving such a deal. A  contract with Clean Line Energy Partners could cost TVA ratepayers more  than $1 billion over the next 20 to 30 years, the typical length of  such an agreement. TVA would be disregarding its mission to provide  low-cost power to the region if it were to contract for power the  region doesn't need regardless of the source of the electricity.   In recent years, according to TVA, power demand throughout the  Tennessee Valley has declined.   In 2013, TVA began working with its customers to develop a long-term  plan to meet the region's power needs through 2033. In 2015, when TVA  completed its Integrated Resource Plan, that plan concluded--this is  TVA talking--that ``there is no immediate need for new base load plants  after Watts Bar Nuclear Unit 2 comes online and upgrades are completed  at Browns Ferry Nuclear Plant.'' As a result of this conclusion,  because TVA did not need power, TVA decided last year to sell the  unfinished Bellefonte nuclear power plant.   For the foreseeable future, TVA has said it doesn't need any new  baseload power and doesn't plan on any major new capital construction  projects. This is good news for ratepayers because it means TVA can  reduce debt and keep electric rates low. So why would TVA announce that  it doesn't need new power for the next 15 years, sell a nuclear power  plant capable of producing reliable baseload power for the next 60  years, and then turn around and buy unreliable wind power that might  only be available for 20 or 30 years until the turbines break down?   TVA is, generally speaking, on a very good path. Its leadership has  made sound decisions that will benefit ratepayers and our region. To  fulfill its mission to provide safe, clean, reliable, and affordable  power for the region's homes and businesses--that is its mission--it  has opened the first nuclear power reactor in the 21st century. And I  may say, going back to Senator Whitehouse's speech, nuclear power is  [[Page S1924]]  emission free--no sulfur, no nitrogen, no mercury, no carbon. Nuclear  power produces 60 percent of all of our carbon-free electricity. TVA is  also placing pollution control equipment on all of its coal plants and  is completing new natural gas plants. The TVA has done this while  reducing its debt and reducing electric rates, which is good news for  jobs and economic development in the region. Even if TVA did need more  power, which it has said it does not, TVA should not agree to buy more  wind power which is comparatively unreliable and expensive.   A look at TVA's previous experience with wind power illustrates how  unreliable it can be, especially in our region. In 2001, TVA opened its  first commercial-scale wind project in the Southeast. It is generous to  say that it has been a failure. This project on Buffalo Mountain near  Knoxville has the capacity to generate 27 megawatts of electricity;  however, according to TVA, in 2016--last year--the Buffalo Mountain  wind turbines produced only 4.3 megawatts on average. Capacity is 27  megawatts and generation was 4.3 megawatts--that is just 16 percent of  their rated capacity. In other words, these turbines, which cost as  much as $40 million to build and must cost millions more over the life  of the contract, produce little electricity and little value to TVA's  ratepayers.   Wind usually blows at night when consumers are asleep and don't need  as much electricity. Until there is some way to store large amounts of  wind power, a utility still needs to operate gas, nuclear, or coal  plants when the wind doesn't blow. For example, take a recent TVA peak  summer day. On July 26, 2016, Tennessee Valley homes and businesses  consumed 29,512 megawatts of electricity--nearly all of TVA's capacity  of 33,000 megawatts of electricity. Part of TVA's capacity on that day  included contracts for nearly 1,250 megawatts of electricity produced  by wind power. However, at the peak demand during the day, when power  is most urgently needed, those wind turbines with a rated capacity of  1,250 megawatts actually delivered only 185 megawatts of electricity.  So on a day when the Tennessee Valley needed power the most, wind  turbines provided less than 15 percent of their rated capacity and less  than 1 percent of the total electricity needed to power our region's  homes and businesses.   Not only is wind power unreliable, it can be more expensive than  nuclear, which also produces zero emissions, or natural gas, which is  low emission.   TVA is currently completing a new 900-megawatt natural gas plant for  roughly $975 million that will improve air quality in Memphis and be  one of the most efficient natural gas plants in the world. Natural gas  plants usually operate for at least 30 years and according to TVA can  provide power in as little as 20 minutes to meet peak demand during hot  summer afternoons and cold winter nights.   Last year, TVA opened the country's first nuclear power reactor in  the 21st century, Watts Bar 2, at a cost of $5 billion. Watts Bar 2  will safely provide 1,150 megawatts of power more than 90 percent of  the time for the next 40, 60, and possibly even 80 years, all of it  emission free, no sulfur, no nitrogen, no mercury, no carbon.   The point is, TVA has concluded that it doesn't need more power for  the foreseeable future; therefore, its board should resist obligating  TVA's ratepayers for any new large power contracts, much less contracts  for comparatively expensive and unreliable wind power. Instead, TVA  should continue to provide low-cost, reliable power to the region  because that boosts economic development throughout the Tennessee  Valley.   I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   