 Mr. Chairman, I want to state to my colleagues on this  budget that there are two fundamental assumptions that are being made  that need to be challenged.   One, you are saying that we have a spending problem, not a revenue  problem. This country is spending on domestic priorities and defense at  a level that existed when the President of the United States was Dwight  D. Eisenhower, and that was before Medicaid and Medicare.   We have a significant issue about how we are going to meet the needs  of the people of this country, both on defense, where we need some  help, but definitely on the domestic side as well.   The second assumption that you are making--and it is an assertion  that is made over and over again--is that tax cuts will pay for  themselves. That is the theology of your budget: tax cuts pay for  themselves.   You know, why not go to zero, and we will all be rich?   That is essentially what is being said here. But the tax cuts are  always at the high end of the income spectrum, which is exacerbating  inequality and creating a problem for us to meet essential needs in  this country.   So this question of tax cuts paying for themselves and fiscal  responsibility, let's have a little bit of history here. This was the  theology of George Bush when he passed the tax cuts when he became  President. They did not pay for themselves. We went from the Clinton- era surpluses to the Bush-era deficits, and in another fiscally,  grossly irresponsible move, he put the war on the credit card.   The war was on the credit card. We had unpaid-for tax cuts and we had  an unpaid-for war. And this is not just fiscal responsibility; this is  governmental, personal, congressional irresponsibility. You have got to  pay for things. Whether it is the war or it is food stamps or it is any  program that you want to pick, you have got to pay for it.   You don't pay for it by the magic asterisk of saying, ``the tax cuts  that we propose,'' when we are going to spend by cutting taxes or going  into a war that we don't pay for, $1 trillion, it doesn't work. And  that is why we are in this path that is very dangerous with respect to  the long-term debt.   I believe in that. We have got to pay our bills. When we had the  majority, we had a doctrine that said: Pay as you go.   If any Democrat, the budget chair, or me wanted to propose some  spending, we either had to come up with the revenue or we had to cut  somewhere else. I believe in that.   But I don't believe in unpaid-for tax cuts paying for themselves. I  don't believe that more spending pays for itself  [[Page H7861]]  and we can just put it on the credit card.   Now, we have got some problems and challenges in this country. We  have got an opportunity problem.    Mr. Chairman, kids going to school get out with a debt the  size of a mortgage. We have got an inequality problem. It has never  been worse. It goes back to the Great Depression, when we had this  divide between what hardworking people made and what the top 1 percent  made.   We have got a healthcare affordability problem, but you don't solve  that by slashing access to healthcare and throwing 24 million people  off of healthcare. We have got an infrastructure problem that we are  totally neglecting. It is not addressed in this budget.   We have got a DREAMer problem.   How is it that, in this Congress, we are literally not allowing  800,000 young people who came here, through no fault of their own, not  voluntarily, and we are going to give them the hook and deport them?   It is outrageous?   We have got a rural America problem. Rural America has been left  behind. The inequality in this country is really hitting hard on rural  America, in parts of Vermont, and in all parts of this country. And  there is nothing in this budget that says: We are going to give hope to  rural America by investing in them.   