 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 33, designating  the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library  in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and  Library. I appreciate my good friend, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.  Goodlatte), for sponsoring the resolution and note that the entire  Virginia delegation has signed on as original cosponsors.   General George C. Marshall is a national hero, a distinguished public  servant, and treasured piece of Virginia's history. Located in  Lexington, Virginia, the George C. Marshall Museum and Library are  located on the campus of the Virginia Military Institute, his alma  mater.   General Marshall served our country as the Chief of Staff during  World War II, Special Ambassador to China, Secretary of State,  president of the Red Cross, Secretary of Defense, and is one of only  five Army five-star generals in the United States.   After World War II, General Marshall was awarded the Nobel Peace  Prize in 1953, for his role in developing the European Recovery Program  better known as the Marshall Plan. This week we are commemorating the  70th anniversary of the Marshall Plan speech given on June 5, 1947, at  Harvard University. The Marshall Plan contributed to European  integration and growth in the aftermath of World War II.   As the holder of the George C. Marshall papers and with a mission to  collect, preserve, and share information regarding the life and career  of General Marshall, it is apt to make this institution the National  George C. Marshall Museum and Library.   Mr. Speaker, considering the important place in our Nation's history  that General Marshall holds, I urge my colleagues to support the  resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my Virginia colleagues  for their leadership, and I urge my colleagues to support the  resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   