 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Veasey) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Demings) for conducting  this Special Order this evening. I appreciate it.   Yes, I am a graduate of South Carolina State University, but I also  represent the University of South Carolina here in this body. And I  just want to note that--with all that is going on around us, I want to  say congratulations to the men of the University of South Carolina's  basketball team for getting into the Final Four, and I am looking  forward to, a few moments from now, watching the women do the same.   I met, along with other members of the Congressional Black Caucus,  last week with President Trump, and we had an opportunity to share with  him some of the fears that we have of his budget and what it would do  to Historically Black Colleges and Universities.   As both the gentleman and gentlewoman have mentioned, I represent  seven of these institutions. I said to the President that there is  something that most people miss about the value of these colleges and  universities; and I shared with him a little experience I had last  December.   While kicking off the annual Christmas festivities, I was having a  conversation with a very good friend, who I have known for a long time,  who is an outstanding cardiologist, recently retired from Charlotte,  North Carolina, and we were talking about all the discussions that were  taking place during last year's campaign about HBCUs.   Of course, I said to him that I thought that there was significant  misunderstanding about the value of these institutions. In fact, I  wrote an op-ed piece a few days ago, published in the Charleston, South  Carolina newspapers. I talked about a State official, an elected  official in my State who made the comment that those students who went  to South Carolina State, like yours truly, did so because they were not  qualified to go anywhere else.   Well, this gentleman, David Dowdy--I hope he doesn't mind me calling  his name--David Dowdy said to me, as we talked: You know, when I left  that little, rural, underfunded high school in Eastover, North  Carolina, and got up to North Carolina A&T, I had to take remedial  everything--simply because he went to an underfunded rural school.   In South Carolina, of course, these schools have been underfunded for  generations, and the State has been fighting a lawsuit for some 24  years to keep from funding these schools properly and adequately.   He said, when he got up to North Carolina A&T, he had to take these  remedial courses, but he went on to become a very successful heart  doctor.   Now, I said to the President, after telling him this story: That is  not an unusual case.   All of us have heard of the astronaut, Ronald McNair. Ronald McNair  is also a South Carolinian. He graduated from a little high school in  Lake City, South Carolina, a town most people never heard of.   Everybody talks about how successful he was as an astronaut, having  lost his life in the accident, the Challenger. And when people refer to  him, they always talk about him being a physicist from MIT. They never  talk about the fact that, before he ever went to MIT for his master's  degree, he went to North Carolina A&T for his bachelor's. It was there  at North Carolina A&T where he was nurtured, and how he developed in  those small classes, the remediation that he needed in order to unlock  all that was within him.   So I shared with the President, and he assured me that he had no  intentions of cutting funding to these Historically Black Colleges and  Universities. I applaud him for that, and I thank him for that.   But I also said to him that I think it is important for us not to  just maintain level funding but to make the kind of investments in  these colleges and universities that are needed for them to get these  young minds that have been disadvantaged, because of State action, and  help turn them into productive citizens who will make significant  contributions to our society.   Now, I want to talk, just a moment though, about another part of the  President's budget. You know, I served on three budget committees  recently. In fact, I was on Vice President Joseph Biden's bipartisan  group for deficit reduction. I also served on the Joint Select  Committee on Deficit Reduction that everybody called the  supercommittee.   And then I served on the budget committees that negotiated the Budget  Control Act of 2011, an enactment I am not all that proud of, because  we put in this thing we now call sequestration, which has wreaked havoc  on military installations and military spending, as well as  discretionary programs of the government.   Now, the hallmark of each successful budget agreement has been to  increase defense spending by the same amount as spending for nondefense  discretionary agencies. President Trump's proposed budget ignores this  principle and would destroy many critical programs throughout all of  the nondefense Federal agencies.   In 2016, the bipartisan budget agreement added $25 billion in defense  spending above the sequester levels. Importantly though, it paid for  this increase with responsible revenue-raising provisions and also  increased the nondefense side of the budget by $25 billion as well.   For 2017, it is a similar story, where defense and nondefense are  increased by $15 billion, both paid for responsibly. President Trump  proposes to go far beyond these agreements, proposing for 2018, $54  billion in increased defense spending, and he pays for it by cutting  the nondefense side of the budget by a corresponding $54 billion next  year.   Mr. Speaker, there is a responsible way to provide our military  relief from sequestration. I support doing so, as do my colleagues in  the Congressional Black Caucus. This is not the way to do it.  [[Page H2459]]    Much of the proposed investments will go to draconian immigration  enforcement and an ineffective border wall. The President even has the  audacity to propose ignoring the budget agreement for 2017, that was  passed by Congress and signed into law by President Obama over 2 years  ago.   What exactly does proposing $54 billion below sequester level caps  for the nondefense side of the budget mean? What effect would it have  on our constituents? The President's budget decimates funding for  critical infrastructure in low-income communities, I dare say, rural  communities.   For example, the President proposes to eliminate $500 million in  funding for the rural water and wastewater program in the Department of  Agriculture. In my congressional district alone, this agency has funded  drinking water infrastructure in poor, rural communities like  Turbeville, Bowman, and Brittons Neck, that had previously limited  access to clean water.   The President also proposes to eliminate the Transportation  Investment Generating Economic Recovery, or TIGER grants, which invest  in road, rail, transit, and port projects on a competitive basis all  around the country.   In South Carolina, TIGER grants have funded the I-95/301 interchange  in rural Santee, Main Street revitalization in Columbia, and upgrades  at the Port of Charleston to the tune of more than $32 million. The  resulting economic and community development have proved to be well  worth the Federal investment.   The President's proposal would also eliminate the Legal Services  Corporation and LIHEAP. That is the program for low income home energy  assistance that allows homes to be weatherized, and Meals on Wheels.  This can only be seen as an attack on the poor and the elderly.   These cuts would leave thousands of poor senior citizens unable to  heat their homes in the winter and deny thousands more legal aid they  need to seek relief from domestic violence and avoid homelessness by  staying in their homes.   The notion that Meals on Wheels doesn't produce results is totally  ridiculous. In my district, Senior Resources in Columbia currently  serves more than 500 seniors.   Mr. Speaker, Federal funding accounts for 37 percent of their budget.  Cutting those funds would callously kick 180 homebound seniors to the  curb, forcing them to join the already 130 people who are on the  waiting list. These are unconscionable cuts made with no regard for the  most vulnerable in our society.   The Congressional Black Caucus budget will take the opposite  approach. By repealing sequestration, making the Tax Code fairer to  increase the level of investment in critical programs, and targeting  Federal funds to communities mired in persistent poverty through the  10-20-30 formula, the CBC's budget responsibly funds our military,  while also lifting millions out of poverty.   I want to close by thanking the gentleman from Virginia, Congressman  Bobby Scott, my friend and classmate, for pulling that budget together,  and doing so showing the kind of compassion that ought to exist in  every public servant.   