 Madam President, it is an honor and a privilege to be  here with my colleague from Delaware. I wish to take a few moments to  talk about the nomination of Scott Pruitt to be the Administrator of  the Environmental Protection Agency.   I have expressed my fair share of constructive criticism of the EPA  over the years. I wish the Agency would work more effectively with  States and stakeholders. Collaborative partnerships are the best way to  ensure that our environmental policies meet our fundamental  responsibility to be good stewards of the environment, while also being  narrowly tailored to avoid overburdening Hoosier families and  businesses.   Teamwork is what will give us the best chance at responding  effectively to emergencies like the ones facing my friends in the East  Chicago neighborhood of West Calumet. Cooperation with farmers, not  overregulation, is how we keep nutrients and inputs in the field and  improve water quality.   If confirmed, I hope Scott Pruitt will focus on improving the EPA's  working relationship with State partners and all stakeholders as the  Agency engages in its mission to protect our environment. That is an  issue I have been working on for years, and I will continue to do so. I  cannot, however, support Scott Pruitt's nomination to lead the EPA.   When I think of who should lead the EPA, given all the Hoosiers who  are impacted by the rules and policies developed by this Agency, I  think of how we are all dependent on clean air and water, but I also  think of the last time an EPA Administrator visited my home State. It  was in 2013, in a cold barn in Whiteland, IN, when then-Administrator  Gina McCarthy visited with me and a number of my good friends--Hoosier  farmers from across the State. It was the morning after the EPA had  announced drastic cuts to the renewable fuel standard--not an ideal  time to be Administrator of the EPA in a barn with a group of Hoosier  farmers.   That morning, farmers told the story of how important the renewable  fuel  [[Page S1346]]  standard is to rural economies and our national security. They told  Administrator McCarthy how her Agency's decision had eliminated market  opportunities for their products, for all of the things they had been  growing, and it meant that we were putting our energy security at risk  as well because less ethanol and biodiesel being used meant importing  more foreign oil instead of growing our fuel on Hoosier farms.   A few days later, Scott Pruitt sent out a press release calling those  RFS cuts ``good news'' and highlighting his earlier efforts suing the  EPA in an attempt to block the regulatory approval of E15. I cannot  support an EPA nominee who has sued the EPA to stop the sale of E15 and  who praised the erosion of a policy designed to strengthen our energy  security and to promote homegrown Hoosier biofuels.   If confirmed, however, I look forward to working with Scott Pruitt to  develop a better and more collaborative approach to regulation by the  EPA. We have very, very important work to do, including cleaning up  environmental dangers in our communities, like those in East Chicago;  ensuring the safety of drinking water systems; developing a better  WOTUS rule; and finding a workable solution to address climate change.   That work in East Chicago is going to prevent me from being able to  be here to vote against the Pruitt nomination. The Governor of our  State has called a working meeting today in East Chicago with the  mayor, State and local elected officials, representatives from HUD and  EPA, and other neighborhood stakeholders. It is of utmost importance  for me to be on the ground with the community to let them know we are  listening and we are working to get the resolution they deserve and to  protect their health and safety.   As I will be heading back home to Indiana before the vote on the  Scott Pruitt nomination, I would like the record to state that, if  here, I would have voted against the nomination of Scott Pruitt for the  EPA.   I wish to recognize my colleague and friend from Delaware, who has  done such an extraordinary job in protecting the resources of this  country and in protecting the security of this country as well--his  love for his home State, with the beautiful beaches, beautiful oceans.  And my home State--we have the Great Lakes, which are an extraordinary  resource, which we are so blessed to have, and which are a trust we  keep for one generation after another. I have always felt it my  obligation to make sure I turn over those lakes and, in fact, the  oceans in better condition than we receive.   I yield to my colleague from Delaware.    Madam President, the Senator's efforts on this have  been extraordinary. To see the depth of concern the Senator has for our  oceans, for our lands--we have both worked so hard to make sure we can  work together with our farm communities to keep inputs on the farm, to  protect our rivers, to protect our streams. We know how hard our  farmers are working on that as well. I know the Senator has a  tremendous and strong farm community in Delaware. It was a privilege to  sit and listen while the Senator was speaking before.   I will note, as he said, you may have sent us a basketball coach, but  in return, we sent you one as well.   I turn the floor over to my colleague from Delaware.   