 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his initiative here to actually create some jobs.   Mr. Speaker, the premise of the legislation before us today is that  if we allow more pollution--particularly ozone pollution, which is very  detrimental to the health of asthmatics; I mean, bad for the health of  everyday Americans, but particularly to the 25 million asthmatics,  seniors, and others--the premise is that by polluting the air more with  ozone, we will create jobs.   Now, actually, I have got to agree with the Republicans on this. They  will create more jobs by polluting the air. Pulmonary specialists will  be very busy. And then, oh, the inhaler manufacturers. There has been  some great press about the inhaler manufacturers in the last year,  where they are quadrupling and sextupling the price to price gouge  people. Well, they are going to have a heyday. In fact, I believe they  have endorsed this legislation.   And then we are going to have a whole new group of people working on  the streets in America. It is going to be a whole new entrepreneurial  class. There are actually people in Beijing doing this now. The air is  so polluted in Beijing that on many days they say: Don't go outside.  But, I mean, you have to go outside sometimes, you have to go to the  grocery store, or you have to go to work. They now have a very large  industry of street vendors who sell oxygen; so, as you are about to  collapse on the street in Beijing, someone will sell you a good whiff  of oxygen for whatever they charge for it. We are going to bring that  industry to America. So this bill does have phenomenal potential to  create a whole new bunch of jobs with oxygen street vendors and then,  of course, the pulmonary specialists, the inhaler manufacturers, and  others.   The President actually, as a candidate, said that he would triple the  amount of money that would be spent on clean water State revolving  funds; he would triple it. Now, interestingly enough, the Congressional  Budget Office came out with an analysis yesterday of the President's  proposed budgets over the next 10 years, which theoretically is going  to increase investment and infrastructure. And they said: Actually, not  so much. Actually, in fact, his cuts basically would lead to a  reduction in investment in clean water and a reduction in investment in  ground transportation.   So, instead of tripling the investment and putting many people to  work, the President, actually, is going to cut investment in clean  water in his proposed budget. Now, I know he didn't write the budget.  You know, he has got this rightwing guy running the CBO--Mulvaney,  founder of the Freedom Caucus. But Trump is somewhat responsible for a  budget that has his name on it, even if he didn't write it, even if he  didn't know what was in it, and even if he doesn't know that it  contradicts promises he made as a candidate, which he is not going to  deliver as President.   But, that said, I want to help the President out here. So, this bill  simply delivers on the President's promise to triple the amount of  investment to $25 billion.   Now, do we need it? Heck, yeah, we need it. According to the American  Society of Civil Engineers' 2017 infrastructure report card, America's  wastewater treatment systems got a grade of D-plus--not too good. And  there is a backlog of more than $40 billion in clean water  infrastructure.   The Federal Government needs to become an honest partner with our  cities, counties, and others, who have needs to invest in their  wastewater systems. We did it before when we cleaned up our rivers back  in the sixties, seventies, and eighties with the Clean Air Act, and we  need to do it again. We need the Federal partnership. We need this  investment.    And the other good thing is, if we were to spend that  money, according to the National Utility Contractors Association, every  billion dollars--just $1 billion--invested in our Nation's water  infrastructure creates, or sustains, 27,000 jobs. So do the math. The  President can do math. He is a businessman. That would be 540,000 jobs  if we delivered on the President's promise to make significant new  investments with Federal partnership in clean water in America.   So, we can put together health, cleaning up the environment, and  jobs, as opposed to the Republican bill, which deteriorates health,  deteriorates the environment and protections, and won't create any  jobs.    Just one quick quote here: ``The Clean Water State Revolving Fund is  a perfect example of the type of program that should be reauthorized  because it creates jobs while benefiting the environment, and is an  efficient return on taxpayer investment.''   That is from the Oregon Water Resources Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I will conclude as we proceed to this absurdity of  saying, by deteriorating health, we will create jobs.   