 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I come to the floor today for the second  time this week to highlight the tragic human cost of gun violence. I  will speak today about just one victim, but of course we are thinking  as well about the 58 victims in Las Vegas. Not counting the killer in  that total, the last count was 58 victims and well over 500 injured.   We have some sense of the gravity of the violence that played out in  Las Vegas. I am not sure any of us can fully understand it, and some of  us will  [[Page S6303]]  never quite understand what happened there, but I think we have to  dedicate ourselves to taking action. I will get to that in a moment.    Mr. President, I want to speak today with regard to a  month we set aside--or I should say the equivalent of a month that  spans two different months--as National Hispanic Heritage Month.   As many know, the United States is home to more than 56 million  people of Hispanic or Latino ethnicity, comprising over 17 percent of  the Nation's total population. We set aside September 15 to October 15  to mark National Hispanic Heritage Month. This month is a reminder of  the vibrant culture and substantial contributions that people of the  Hispanic community have made to our Nation. Although we have only a 30- day time period as a designation, we recognize the contributions made  by Latinos in this country every day, not just between September 15 and  October 15.   I have held a number of meetings with Latinos and Latino leaders this  past year in Pennsylvania and here in Washington and recently just a  couple weeks ago, as well, to discuss issues of concern to Hispanic  Americans and Latinos. The resounding theme I heard from Pennsylvanians  is the strong economic drive that Latinos and Hispanic Americans share.   As the second fastest growing minority in the United States, the  Hispanic community's economic power continues to grow. Small businesses  are the backbone of our economy both in Pennsylvania and across the  Nation. Latinos are 1.4 times more likely than the general population  to become entrepreneurs. In fact, Latinos own some 3.3 million  businesses in the United States, accounting for more than 40 percent of  all minority-owned businesses. Together, these businesses generate  almost $500 billion in economic activity. Overall, the Latino community  accounts for a combined $1.3 trillion in economic activity. Their  contributions are projected to top $1.7 trillion by 2020--from $1.3 to  $1.7 trillion in just a few years.   Last month, I was proud to join many of my Senate colleagues in  designating the week beginning September 18 as National Hispanic- Serving Institutions Week. This resolution recognizes the achievements  and goals of the 472 Hispanic-serving institutions, known by the  acronym HSI. These HSIs are throughout the Nation, and they improve  their local communities and play a vital role in expanding access to  college for students across the country. These HSIs represent 13  percent of nonprofit colleges and universities. Yet they enroll 63  percent of all Latino students. These Hispanic-serving institutions are  located in 18 States and Puerto Rico. I am proud to be a cosponsor of  the resolution which recognizes the important work these institutions  play in expanding access to higher education for everyone.    This year, Hispanic Heritage Month has become a month of advocacy and  action. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the Dream Act. This issue  has been on the forefront in recent discussions, not only among the  Latino community, the Hispanic-American community but with many of my  constituents across the board, and I am sure that is true in every  Senate office. Dreamers shared with me the hard work and struggles they  have endured to be successful in this country. Ending DACA, in my  judgment, is wrong. First of all, it is wrong to break a sacred promise  to hundreds of thousands of people living in our country, young people  who were promised by their government, if they came forward, they would  be protected. Ending DACA would be breaking that sacred promise.   In Pennsylvania alone, estimates say that ending DACA would cost the  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania nearly $357 million per year in GDP losses  to our State, and that is according to the Center for American  Progress. Ending DACA would result in the loss of $460.3 billion--not  million but billion--from the Nation's GDP over the next decade, again  according to the Center for American Progress.   So it would be a betrayal to violate this covenant with hundreds of  thousands of young people, and it is really a bad move for the economy  of my State of Pennsylvania and the economy of our Nation.   I was proud to vote for the DREAM Act in both 2007 and 2010, and I  hope the Senate will have a clean vote on the Dream Act soon. We should  be focused on humane and commonsense solutions that keep our Nation  safe as well as allowing it to thrive. Hispanic Americans are a vital  part of the fabric of American society.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   