 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   The Senator from Ohio.    Madam President, I say to the Presiding Officer--and the  Senator who is about to become the Presiding Officer--I appreciated the  work of you two together, in tandem, today for two nominees in front of  the Agriculture Committee. I thank you.   (Mr. SASSE assumed the Chair.)   Mr. President, I rise to talk for a moment about a hearing yesterday,  which the Presiding Officer sat through, too, with the outgoing CEO of  Equifax. We know what happened with Equifax, yet we really don't know  entirely what happened. We know there was a breach of Equifax's  information, and 145 million Americans--more than half of the adult  population in our country--had their data breached. Criminals will now  have access to the data of far too many Americans.   I am hopeful because I and Senator Crapo, the chairman of the  committee, and others on the committee were pretty unhappy--not to  speak for others, certainly, but we were pretty unhappy with Equifax's  performance yesterday because we didn't get a lot of answers to a  number of our questions.   When you think about what we do with medical language, with our  personal medical information, we have laws to say that our personal  medical information belongs to us. We, of  [[Page S6337]]  course, can share it with a hospital or a doctor or whomever we want,  but our doctor can't share it with other doctors without our  permission. Our hospital can't share it with other hospitals without  our permission. But our personal financial data doesn't fall into those  categories.   We know how this happens. Equifax is a company that many have rarely  thought about. A lot of people have never thought much about it, and  many have never really explored who they are. Equifax is a company in  Atlanta. There are three data agencies like this. They get your data  without your permission. They get it from a utility company or from a  bank or from somebody else. They have two jobs: to collect your data  and then to protect your data, your personal financial data.   This company--this CEO has been paid $69 million over the last 3  years. The CEO we met with, who has retired, has been compensated very  generously. Who knows if he will end up getting bonuses and golden  parachutes and all? The American public has come to unfortunately  expect that these CEOs will abuse the public trust.   Look at what happened at Wells Fargo, creating all kinds of accounts  for people who didn't even want those accounts, who didn't even know  they were having those accounts opened. And look at Equifax.   In far too many cases, these companies don't protect our information  the way they have promised they would. It makes all of us, the 145  million, subject to some kind of criminal activity in all kinds of  ways--to violate our privacy and to take advantage of us financially  and all the identity theft and all the things that come with that.   If you were a student at Bowling Green State University who graduated  and you miss a student loan payment after you have graduated, you get  your credit dinged by Equifax. If you are a homeowner in Mansfield, OH,  or in Ravenna, OH, and you miss a monthly payment or a couple of  monthly payments, you get your credit dinged. You are held accountable  by Equifax, but Equifax hasn't really been held accountable much by  anyone.   The cynicism people in this country have toward our financial system,  toward Wall Street--then we see Wells Fargo do what they have done;  then we see Equifax do what they have done. It is time for Congress to  push away these special interest groups that have far too much  influence in this body.   The White House has not been helpful. The White House looks like a  retreat for Goldman Sachs executives, with all the people around the  President who do the bidding of Wall Street and protect far too many of  these Wall Street firms and Wells Fargo and the Equifaxes of the world.   I am hopeful that we will sit down in a bipartisan way and begin to  figure out what to do here. Maybe we do consider the protections we  have for people's medical records--we ought to have the same protection  for their financial records. It simply makes sense, and I am hopeful we  can come to a solution.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   