 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk about Dreamers in  Virginia. Congress is engaged in a discussion about many topics in  December, one of which is what to do about the DACA Program. A couple  of months ago, President Trump said he was going to terminate the DACA  Executive order of President Obama in 6 months. That would be in early  March, unless Congress found a resolution.   I am gratified that many of us are having discussions about what that  resolution might be. In particular, I want to acknowledge that 35 House  Republicans yesterday signed on to a letter that was led by Virginia  Representative Scott Taylor, from the Hampton Roads area, saying: We  need to fix this, and we need to fix this by the end of the year.   I want these discussions to continue. In Virginia, there are about  13,500 Dreamers. I want to tell a few of their stories and why Virginia  is a better State because of them and why, I think, the Nation is a  better country because of the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers who are  contributing to the diverse richness of this country. Let me talk about  a few of the Virginia Dreamers I have met in the last few months.   The first is the pretty astounding story of Gloria Oduyoye. Gloria is  a child of parents who are Nigerian. She was born in England, and her  parents brought her to the United States when she was 1 year old. Her  dad is a doctor and came to practice medicine and work on a work visa,  but then her dad became ill and could no longer work. As a result, the  work visa expired. Gloria then became undocumented when her father's  visa expired.   Gloria was not aware that she was undocumented until she was about to  start college, and her parents had to tell her the full story. Gloria  is a remarkable, remarkable young woman. She went to Wesleyan College  on a scholarship and graduated. Then, she enrolled at William & Mary  Law School.   Gloria is scheduled to graduate this month. When she does, she will  be the first DACA student to get a law degree in Virginia and only the  fourth DACA recipient in the United States to get a law degree. She is  bound and determined. She said: I am going to be the first undocumented  student to get a law degree in Virginia, and I am going to be the first  undocumented lawyer in Virginia, and I am going to be the first  undocumented judge in Virginia.   She is very, very focused upon her studies. She has been very  involved with the National Black Law Students Association, the  Immigration Law and Service Society, and the Virginia Intercollegiate  Immigrants' Association for the last 3 years.   I have had a chance to meet Gloria. She is a tremendous, tremendous  young lady. That is Gloria.   Andreas Magnusson is in Richmond. He has an unusual story. Andreas is  Swedish. He is a Swedish-born music producer and mixer. His parents  brought him to the United States when he was 2 years old. This is the  only home that he has ever known. His career in the music industry has  blossomed in the United States, where with his first band he sold over  50,000 records, and he has toured the United States and other  countries. Currently, he works out of his house in Richmond, where I  live, and he has a recording studio, and he has sold a combined 1.5  million records through the span of his youthful music career.   The United States is his home. Richmond is his home. It is where his  career is, and it is where his family lives. His mother, his  stepfather, and his two half brothers are all American citizens.  Andreas, Swedish born, is a Dreamer.   For fun, he is branching out from music to, I guess, demonstrate the  Swedish-Virginian talent for barbecues. Now he is into barbecue  competitions in Virginia, and he wants to enter more competitions in  the future.   Neither Gloria nor Andreas are the typical snapshot you might think  of when you think of a Dreamer; one a Nigerian lawyer and one a Swedish  music producer.   Bruna Cardosa, whose friends call her Mel, is from Hampton, VA, in  the Tidewater area. She works with children and family services issues.  She is a DACA recipient. Her whole goal is to use her education to do  social work. She also would like to combine her social work background  and degree with a future degree in law to help immigrants like herself.  She works for a nonprofit that focuses on mental health needs.   I think we all know how significant mental health needs are in the  country and how many people have never been diagnosed or, if they get  diagnosed, they don't get treatment. This is an important issue, and  the organization she works for helps people to make sure they can find  the financial support they need to access the mental healthcare they  need.   Before she worked with this family services agency, she formed a  coalition called I-CAUSE with other DACA recipients in Hampton Roads to  help undocumented students be able to afford higher education. She has  received numerous scholarships, honors, and awards that have allowed  her to pursue her higher education and, specifically, she was a  recipient of the Hispanic Scholarship Fund, to get her social work  degree.   With her academic success and her passion to help others, Bruna is  exactly the kind of Virginian we love to celebrate because she is a  person of accomplishment who is taking her own skills and not just  benefiting herself but benefiting others. That is as Virginian and  American a value as there is.   The fourth student I will mention is somebody I have come to know a  little bit, Giancarla Rojas. Giancarla is a DACA recipient here in the  Northern Virginia area. She came to America a decade ago to be reunited  with her parents, whom she had not seen for 7 years.    In an article in the Washington Post that highlighted her particular  story, Giancarla said that she spoke only Spanish when she came here  and that the way she and her father perfected their English was by  riding in the car and singing Beetles songs and Chicago songs. The  Presiding Officer is too young to remember the band Chicago. This is a  geezer-style band. Yet it is interesting to think of somebody from  Central America coming and deciding, with her dad, that she will listen  and sing to geezer rock on the radio as a way of learning English. I  don't think the Beetles gave her an English accent, by the way, but it  did teach her to speak English quite well.   The article mentioned that when she came to the United States, even  the most simple homework assignments were virtually impossible for her.  She had to study so hard to succeed--much harder than others--because  of the language difficulties, but, very quickly, she was not just doing  well, she was in honors classes, and she wanted others to succeed. As  in the other stories that I have mentioned, she has made a passion of  assisting others to do what she has done--to learn English, to prepare  for citizenship tests.   She was prompted to advocate for Dreamers when a school counselor  told her: Sorry for you. College is not an option because you will have  to pay out-of-State tuition. Her family couldn't afford it. Instead,  when the counselor told her that, she decided to join a lawsuit, and  the lawsuit led to Virginia's offering instate tuition to those who  were living here and paying taxes and succeeding like Giancarla.   She maintained her high GPA. She earned admission to Radford  University, a wonderful university in southwestern Virginia. She was  the first Dreamer to be accepted at Radford. She was given a full  scholarship, and she graduated with a bachelor's degree in  international economics in May of 2016. She is determined and committed  to serving her community just like the other 13,500 Dreamers in  Virginia.   This is a very important issue. After saying that the Dreamers are  great kids and that they had ``nothing to worry about with me,'' I was  disappointed when the President said: I am going to terminate the  program in 6 months. I viewed it as a little bit of a broken promise.  Yet there was something in that announcement that, frankly, I think we  have to grapple with, which is that no Executive action is as good as a  statutory fix. An Executive action can be changed by this  [[Page S7861]]  President or that. So, even though I supported President Obama's DACA  Executive order, I recognized that it was not the same as a statutory  fix.   We do need Congress to act on this. I was proud to have been one of  nearly 70 Members of this body in June of 2013 to have voted for a  comprehensive immigration reform bill that included the Dream Act--a  permanent statutory solution for these Dreamers. We need to find that  permanent solution. The dialogue that we are having about the Dream Act  is championed by Senator Durbin and is cosponsored by many, including  me. It is bipartisan and has the cosponsorship of Lindsey Graham. There  is also the BRIDGE Act, which has been proposed by Republican Members,  which also tries to solve the Dreamer issue, as well as the letter in  the House that I mentioned the other day.   It seems as though we are in the time in which we are having this  discussion in seriousness, and we are on the path to finding a  permanent solution. We need to do this. These families are law-abiding,  tax-paying, hard-working, setting-example kinds of families. You will  find them serving in the military and starting businesses and  succeeding as these young people are, whom I have described.   This is a season in which we have a lot on our plate. We have  budgetary issues, and we have the CHIP insurance program for kids. We  have a lot on our plate between now and when we adjourn for the  holidays at the end of the month. This is an issue that we can solve,  and I am heartened to see the discussion reaching a boil. I am  heartened to see bipartisan support for these Dreamers, but I am not  surprised because, when you read their stories, you will see why their  cases are compelling and why not just Members of this body and the  House but also the American public strongly support a permanent  resolution.   I encourage my colleagues to do this. Let's do it soon. We will be  proud of ourselves if we do, and we will be able to be proud of the  accomplishments of the young people like those whom I have described.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   