 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me the  time. We were in the Rules Committee last night, Mr. Speaker, and we  were having this same kind of conversation. We were going through the  list one by one by one of all the families and how folks were going to  benefit, about the children and graduate students, folks facing medical  challenges. We went through one by one by one and talked about all the  folks who were going to benefit from this great tax cut, and it was  powerful.   But I was reminded, Mr. Speaker, that when we started this  conversation, it wasn't even a tax cut conversation. It was an economic  growth conversation, Mr. Speaker. It was an economic growth  conversation. Where we have ended up is there are going to be tax  benefits for every single working family in the country, but where we  started was how do we get those wages for working families up? How do  we get job creation up? How do we get America growing, not at these  stagnant rates of Obama years, but back at powerful rates as we saw in  the Bush years,  [[Page H10196]]  as we saw in the Clinton years, as we saw in the Reagan years? That was  the conversation.   Mr. Speaker, if we had historically normal economic growth--not  fantastic economic growth--historically normal economic growth, we  would have a balanced budget in this country today. There is an  economic consequence of economic failure. What we have done in this  bill, Mr. Speaker, by allowing businesses to expense their investment,  allows them to make their employees more productive on day one. That is  going to have a powerful impact, not just on employee wages, Mr.  Speaker, but on economic growth across the entire country.   This bill is not about should we pay taxes. We must. This bill is  about how we pay taxes. Can we do it better? Does America need to be  the worst in the world? Or can we be first in the world?   We are answering that question today. We are answering that question  today. And with every single vote a Member in this Chamber casts, it is  not about is everything in this bill exactly the way you would have  crafted it. I assure you, Mr. Speaker, for me, it is not. The question  is: Does this bill move us in a direction of competitiveness across the  globe? It does. The question is: Does this bill focus on wages and  growing those wages? It does. The question is: In this opportunity that  we have, did we take it or did we waste it?   We haven't answered that question yet, Mr. Speaker, but I believe  that later on today we will. We are going to answer in the affirmative.  Give us a chance. Should it have taken us 31 years to get to this  place? It should not. Can we make a difference together today for the  country? Yes, we can. It will be a lasting difference. It will be a  powerful difference. It is going to be one of the proudest votes I have  had an opportunity to take in this Chamber, and I appreciate the  opportunity.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this.     Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my chairman for yielding me  the time. I want to thank him for his leadership. The ranking member, I  appreciate her leadership as well.   She was exactly right. These are two House bills that the Senate  combined that we passed unanimously here. This veterans trucking  language was language that the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Brownley) and I introduced together upon learning that of the more than  54,000 medical professionals that are allowed to certify folks for  Federal trucking licenses, only 25 of those worked in the VA system. Of  54,000, only 25 were available to our veterans.   We said that is not right, so this House came together. We expanded.  All the physicians of the VA became available to serve our veterans  through  [[Page H10217]]  these trucking certifications. The bill went to the President's desk,  and he signed it.   Then we had folks come back. We had advanced practice nurses, we had  physicians' assistants, we had folks working throughout the VA  healthcare system who said: You know what, we, too, are licensed to  provide these physicals; and if you change the language, we, too, will  be your partner in serving veterans.   Again, Julia Brownley on the Democrat side; I on this side; my  ranking member; Ms. Norton; my chairman here, Mr. Graves; we came  together and now we have a further improvement to language that the  rules are still being crafted for down at DOT.   Mr. Speaker, folks don't think there is cooperation in this Chamber.  Folks don't think that we are able to work together in this Chamber.  This is an example of what goes on every single day. Constituents raise  problems. Republicans and Democrats get together to solve those  problems.   I am so grateful to my friends on the committee for their leadership  to get this done. To Ranking Member DeFazio and Chairman Shuster, I  thank them as well for their leadership.   