 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Minnesota for  being such a champion on this issue, and many others, where it is a  question of whether we have government of and by the powerful or  government by and for the people of the United States of America. We  have seen issue after issue after issue this year on healthcare, on  taxes, and now on net neutrality, and I thank the Senator from  Minnesota for his advocacy.   Mr. President, last night we had an election. I have heard many of my  colleagues on the Republican side say that elections have consequences.  Now, however, we see that they are attempting to deliberately slow down  the opportunity for the newly elected Senator from Alabama to come here  and serve in the U.S. Senate. They took quite a different view when the  question was a special election in Massachusetts, when a Republican  Senator was elected to take the seat once held by Ted Kennedy. The  Democrats concurred and the President of the United States, President  Obama, concurred that he should be seated; that nothing should be  jammed through in a fashion that tried to bypass the weight and opinion  of the people of the State of Massachusetts in who would represent  them. But this Chamber seems ready, under this majority leadership, to  absolutely try to trample the people of Alabama, who said where they  stand last night. This Chamber wants to deny them that voice here on  the floor of the Senate.   Back a few years ago, in June of 2013, there was a House election in  Missouri, and a Republican was elected to that empty seat. Jason  Kander, the Democratic secretary of state in Missouri, said that he  should absolutely be seated in Missouri's Eighth District. Jason Smith,  the candidate chosen by Missouri, was seated in the House of  Representatives, I believe within 18 hours--within 18 hours--so the  people of Missouri could have fair representation. So Democratic  Senators and a Democratic President and a Democratic secretary of state  in a Southern State said to honor the people of the United States. I  call upon the majority leader to defend the people of Alabama and seat  their Senator and do it under the same 18-hour standard.  [[Page S7990]]    We are here today to talk about another example of the powerful  versus the people. We have seen time and time again, over the course of  the last few months, the President of the United States standing up for  the powerful and trying to crush the people of the United States,  trying to rip healthcare from 30 million Americans in order to give  special benefits to the richest Americans. We have seen the President  of the United States sign in the Oval Office a measure that would  enable a powerful company, when in a dispute with a consumer, to choose  the judge, to pay the judge, to promise a judge future business. What  kind of fairness is that for an ordinary American up against a powerful  company, where the powerful company gets to choose a judge? Yet my  Republican colleagues voted overwhelmingly to crush the opportunity of  an ordinary citizen versus a powerful company in a consumer dispute.   Then we have the tax bill. The tax bill says that if you earn less  than $30,000, you get a tax increase, and if you are in the middle  class, 87 million of you will get an increase in your taxes. And by the  way, we are going to give several trillion dollars to the very richest  Americans and the most powerful corporations. It is another example of  a bank heist on the National Treasury--our Treasury--to deliver  benefits to the best off, to the richest in America.    Oregon is about 1 percent of the national population. If you take 1  percent of $1 trillion, that is $10 billion. I can tell my colleagues  what we can do for families in Oregon with $10 billion. We can invest  in needed infrastructure to have a stronger economy and put a lot of  people to work with living-wage jobs. We can add teachers to our public  school classrooms so that our classrooms offer better opportunity for  our children to learn and to thrive. We can make college more  affordable. We can improve our community health clinics to make sure  healthcare is available to all, which is so critical to quality of  life. But no. My Republican colleagues say: Let's give this money to  the richest Americans. Let's raid the National Treasury and enrich the  best off among us.   That is because we have a fundamental cycle of corruption in  campaigns that is enabling such a bizarrely inappropriate bill to ever  get heard on the floor of the Senate. I say ``bizarrely inappropriate''  because our government wasn't founded to mimic the powerful kingdoms of  Europe that govern by and for the richest. We had a vision of  government of, by, and for the people.   Now we have this issue of net neutrality, and once again President  Trump and the Republicans are weighing in to crush ordinary people in  favor of powerful corporations. The internet has become essential to  all of us in our daily lives. We consult it to find out where to go to  a restaurant or what movies are playing. We check the internet to find  out what the sports scores are and what is the latest news. We order  our airline tickets. We do so many things on the internet during the  course of our everyday lives. Yet here is President Trump saying: We  want to take that level playing field of fairness for consumers across  America and let some powerful companies decide who gets to provide  information, which websites to allow to have information and which ones  we are going to slow down, whom we are going to put in the fast lane  and whom we are going to put in the slow lane.   The internet is so critical to the freedom of information. This is  really an assault on freedom of information. It was James Madison who  said that ``the advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only  guardian of true liberty.'' Yet my colleagues and President Trump want  to give powerful companies the ability to control what information is  shared in America.   Think of a highway. We have a highway and everyone gets to use it,  and you can be in the slow lane if you choose because you want to save  fuel, or you can get in the fast lane and pass somebody who is going  more slowly. We don't have someone saying: Hey, we are only going to  allow the richest Americans to drive in the fast lane. We are only  going to allow the most powerful corporations to be in the fast lane.  For the rest of you, you get to go to the slow lane. I don't care if  there is a truck going 25 miles per hour, you are going to be stuck  behind it unless you pay me a whole lot of money to get out of that  lane.   The internet for the rich and powerful is wrong, and we have to stop  it. If the Federal Communications Commission doesn't get the message  this Thursday, we need to overturn their rule here on the floor of the  Senate.   I get a chart each day showing me the calls from yesterday. Here I  have a bar saying how many people called about net neutrality and which  side of the issue they weighed in on. So 544 people called in favor of  net neutrality, and according to this chart, zero people called in  favor of powerful corporations instead controlling the internet. I have  since been informed we did get 1 call, so let's make it 544 to 1  instead of 544 to zero. Have you ever seen an issue where you have that  kind of ratio of ordinary people weighing in and saying: Don't let the  powerful take over our internet. People want a level playing field for  consumers, a level playing field for distributing knowledge, a level  playing field for entrepreneurs so that the new startups can compete  with the Googles and the Amazons of our country.   I ask you, if you had a choice between two websites last night to  follow the election in Alabama and one was in the fast lane and could  replenish its numbers instantly and one was going so slow that the  numbers were going to take 5 minutes to get posted, which site would  you have gone to? Of course you would have gone to the site that can  update quickly. That is the point.   We shouldn't allow powerful companies to extort Americans over the  information flowing through the internet. It is not fair to American  citizens. It is not fair to American entrepreneurs. It is not fair to  the distribution of knowledge. We must defeat it.   Thank you, Mr. President.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Alisha Bi, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the day.   