 Mr. Speaker, make no mistake about it, the  stream protection rule is not about protecting streams. It was designed  for one purpose--to regulate the coal mining industry out of business.  It is the centerpiece of the Obama administration's war on coal.    The simple truth is revealed when you begin to follow the Office of  Surface Mining's 7-year approach to writing this job-killing rule, a  process which began only after the previous administration discarded  the rule's predecessor, a 2008 regulation that underwent 5 years of  extensive environmental review and public comment.   That was just the beginning. Since then, millions of taxpayer dollars  have been needlessly spent developing this rule. Contractors were hired  to help rewrite the rule, but then subsequently fired when it was  leaked that the initial revisions of the rule would cost thousands of  jobs, and that was within the first few months of this attempted  rewrite.   Unfortunately, estimated job losses have only skyrocketed since the  final rule was released. What is troubling is that, throughout the  rule's rewrite, the administration refused to visit mines or to  actually assess the impact of the rule on operating mines.   There were attempts to cover up data that concealed the rule's true  economic impact. The Office of Surface Mining also repeatedly refused  to provide Congress with important documents it used to develop the  rule, while keeping State regulating agencies charged with implementing  this onerous rule in the dark and at arm's length throughout the entire  rewrite.   Now, after 7 years of this politically motivated rewrite, the  previous administration issued the final rule as they were leaving  town, well after the American people--particularly those men and women  in coal country--had sent a clear message to Washington. Politically  motivated attacks on the livelihoods of those who keep the lights on  will not stand.   The issuance of this rule, after all these facts are considered,  proves what I said earlier. This rule is about one thing: regulating  the coal industry and putting thousands of hardworking Americans that  depend on the coal industry for their livelihoods in the unemployment  line.   No one cares more about our streams that run through coal country  than those who live there, and no public officials know better how to  create a balance between protecting both jobs and the environment than  those serving in local and State governments that represent coal- producing communities. It is certainly not the beltway bureaucrats in  Washington.   I look forward to what I hope to be and should be a bipartisan vote  supporting today's important resolution.   