 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in opposition to this bill. The bill last Congress went too  far; and the one in this Congress, in my opinion, is going too far as  well. The Commission, in my opinion, just needs a simple  reauthorization. I urge Members to consider this when deciding how to  vote on the amendments that will be debated here on the floor.   Title II actually makes it more difficult for the Commission to  function, and I am also concerned that title III's cross-border  rulemaking mandate will result in a race to the bottom for  multinational banks in the swaps market, which is a global market.   On top of that, this bill caps the agency's yearly budget at $250  million for the next 5 years, and it does this when every single  witness before the Agriculture Committee last year told us that the  agency needs more resources to do its work. Well, maybe that is the  whole point--that this bill will leave the agency to not doing much,  and I think that would be a mistake. We tried that once before, and we  found ourselves in a real mess.   Since we last discussed reauthorization, the market situation has  changed, and the CFTC has addressed many of our concerns through  rulemaking. Yet, the Agriculture Committee wasn't given the chance to  consider these issues before the bill was rushed to the floor here  today. So we are moving forward, once again, without regular order.   Again, I oppose this bill and urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  the Virgin Islands (Ms. Plaskett).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern).    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Massachusetts.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. O'Halleran), a new member to the House and a new member of  the committee, and somebody who actually has experience in this  business during his storied career.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Maxine Waters), the ranking member of the Financial  Services Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, if I could inquire from Chairman Conaway  if he has any more speakers?    Is the gentleman prepared to close?    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   In closing, I just wish that I could support a reauthorization bill,  a clean bill for the CFTC that came through the Committee on  Agriculture in regular order, but that is not what has happened.   I want to thank Chairman Conaway for his work in the last Congress,  trying to find common ground, and I hope that we can get back to  regular order in the future in the committee.   So again, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 238, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment.   According to the CFTC, there is a drafting error in this amendment. I  don't know exactly what it is, but they claim that there is a drafting  error.   They also claim that it prohibits the CFTC from entering into leases  going forward. They have expressed concern that this prohibition will  affect their ability to enter into contracts with GSA in emergency  situations and in order to sublease unused space.   This is one of the problems that I have with this bill in skipping  the process of consideration in the Committee on Agriculture. If we  would have done that, we would have had a chance to go over this and  figure out exactly what is going on and who is right and who is wrong  and what the situation is.   So, according to them, there are problems. We haven't gone through  regular order, so I reluctantly oppose the amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Again, we are being told by the CFTC that this is not  the case.   So, again, I don't know who is right or wrong, and I appreciate your  offer to work with us to get to the bottom of this. Again, this is the  problem that you have when you don't go through regular order.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, as was indicated, this places a $5 million  limit on expenditures.   Again, I don't know if it is a drafting error or a difference of  opinion, but, according to the CFTC, they claim that this amendment  does things that were not explained and were not, in their opinion,  made clear in the amendment. I don't know if they are calling it an  error, or whatever it is, but there is a provision in there that says  that this fund, once it gets above $100 million, can't go above $50  million.   So what this does is it basically limits the amount, once they get an  amount to go back into the fund to replenish it. Again, I am not  exactly sure who is right or who is wrong here, but it is another  example of, I think, something that could have been avoided if this  would have come through the Agriculture Committee in regular order.   The CFTC's education initiatives to help consumers protect themselves  have been successful since this initiative began. The main expense is  the Web site BrokerCheck. The whistleblower awards have increased  recently and have been shown to be an effective method of enforcing the  Commodity Exchange Act.   So, again, I would ask opposition to the amendment and again make the  point that, had we gone through the committee process, we could have  resolved this and probably been on the same page.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Chair, I support the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield my time to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Courtney), who was one of the original folks who  brought this forward and one of the original authors, I think, of this  provision. So I am going to let him carry the day on the opposition to  this amendment.  [[Page H424]]     Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment addresses a problem that  the CFTC is already well on its way to resolving in its proposed rule  on automated trading. It requires that the Commission must vote to  issue a subpoena to collect source code from high-frequency trading  firms before the Commission can examine it.   I support the protections for the source code as intellectual  property. I know Commissioner--soon to be Chairman, I think--Giancarlo  has made this a priority, but this amendment I think is poorly drafted.  Again, I don't want to harp on this too much, but it is something that  could have been resolved had we had a committee process to do this  bill.   One of the questions I have: I don't quite understand why this  language is in the bill regarding similar intellectual property. The  people at the CFTC, they don't know what this means, they don't know  why you put that language in there, and they think it is going to cause  a lot of problems. So we are trying to get at the source code. I have a  problem with that. But why is this language in there?   Would the gentleman be willing to explain to me why that is in there  and what it means?    I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin.    Right.    What is that intellectual property that the CFTC might  go after? They don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. Is there  some reason?   The source code is what the issue is, right?    This isn't the government. It is the CFTC. It is a very  specific part of the government.    Well, right. I don't know what it means. They think it  is problematic, and I think it is another example of where we would  have been better off with regular order.   I oppose the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chair, I am not exactly sure why this is needed,  but I don't have any problem with the amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment contains several troubling  drafting--some people call them--errors or, I guess, questions. It  prevents the CFTC from enforcing noncompliance with the final rule that  includes more forms than were targeted.   When we did our part of the Dodd-Frank bill, one of the things that I  thought was really not controversial was that we were going to try to  find out, once and for all, who owned all of these swaps; who was on  what side of positions. This is what caused the problem in the first  place with the financial meltdown. When Lehman Brothers went down and  we allowed them to go broke, it created this big panic, AIG didn't know  if they could cover their swaps or not, and it was going to unravel the  whole situation because these firms that were trading didn't know who  held what and what was going on. That was the underlying problem. So  what we were trying to do is get some understanding of where everybody  was in this market. When we were doing the bill, we made it very clear,  and I put in the legislation, that end users were not covered. That  shouldn't have been an issue.   The problem with this amendment is it looks like it is going to  include more than just that. So, I guess, again, this is a final  example in this bill of a process moving too quickly and a lack of  regular order.   Finally, it contains a section on foreign privacy laws that could  result in the agencies seeing a reduced scope of market in their  surveillance activities that may not be the intention. But, again,  without the chance to consider this provision in regular order, we are  not sure, and concerns that some people have remain unaddressed. So  this could have been resolved during the process. It hasn't been. In  its present form, I oppose the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   