 Mr. President, let me begin by acknowledging the  leadership that Chairman Alexander and Ranking Member Murray have  offered and also by saying how much I have appreciated the hard work  that Senator King from Maine has participated in, as well, in this  process. They have worked together, side by side, to try to find some  common ground while still retaining and protecting the principles they  all hold with regard to how health insurance, long term, should be  approached.   Coming to a bipartisan agreement on this very important piece of  legislation  [[Page S7100]]  is only the first step. As you know, a deal was announced last month to  give States permanent flexibility to avoid some of ObamaCare's most  crushing mandates, while also temporarily authorizing the cost sharing  reduction, or CSR, payments for 2 years. That is what the piece of  legislation we are referring to in this particular case, the Alexander- Murray legislation, would do.   This agreement is a win for conservatives who have spent the past 7  years promising to relieve the American people of ObamaCare's  skyrocketing premiums, limited choices, and Federal chokehold. For the  first time since ObamaCare was forced onto the American public, the  Alexander-Murray legislation is an opportunity to provide permanent,  meaningful opportunities for States to opt out of some of ObamaCare's  most egregious mandates under the 1332 waiver program, while making  healthcare more affordable for their constituents.   As a former Governor, like my colleagues Mr. Alexander and Mr. King,  I understand that the best decisions are made at the State and local  levels, not by Federal bureaucrats. Empowering States with new  opportunities to innovate and strengthen their individual health  insurance markets in a way that meets their citizens' unique needs is a  first step toward repealing ObamaCare and allowing the marketplace to  once again be competitive and innovative.   In exchange for the permanent 1332 waiver changes, we have agreed to  temporarily authorize the administration to make CSR payments for 2  years, similar to the provisions of the Better Care Reconciliation Act,  which 49 Republican Members of the U.S. Senate supported earlier this  year.   Recall that President Trump announced recently that he would stop the  CSR payments after a Federal court found them to be illegal because  they had not been appropriated by Congress. Not surprisingly, the  previous administration had continued making these payments, a practice  that President Trump rightfully and correctly stopped after months of  warning that he would do so. We applaud the President for returning  this appropriations decision to its constitutional place--with  Congress.   We also recognize that there are millions of Americans who will face  steep premium increases come January as a result of this challenging  decision. This is in addition to the already skyrocketing premium  increases that Americans are facing because of ObamaCare, because of  the concept on which it was built. The American people did not ask for  ObamaCare, and they shouldn't be unfairly punished.   By extending these payments for only 2 years, our legislation will  stabilize the market and help provide a smooth transition as we  continue to work on a full repeal and replacement. Providing a smooth  transition away from ObamaCare has been included in every serious  Republican healthcare plan to date. We have to have a transition in  order to move away from the existing healthcare plans. In fact, I  cannot think of a single GOP colleague who doesn't support a smooth  transition so that we don't hurt families as we move away from our  current, unworkable system.   It is also important to point out that Alexander-Murray is merely a  step one in the total repeal and replacement of ObamaCare. Because of  House and Senate rules, the 1332 waiver changes outlined in our bill  are not eligible to be included in budget reconciliation legislation,  which is the vehicle being used to repeal and replace ObamaCare by  congressional Republicans and which we continue to work on. We need  both bills. This is a two-step process.   We fully expect there to be an opportunity for us to finish the full  repeal and replace of ObamaCare next year and are united in our desire  to get it across the finish line. But 1332 waiver changes found in this  bill require bipartisan support in the Senate, period. It requires 60  votes. That is not available to us or is not part of the remaining part  of the challenge of the total repeal and replacement. We need both  bills in order to get this done.   We have also included additional assurances within this bill to make  certain our bill does not bail out insurance companies, as Senator  Alexander stated earlier. CBO, or the Congressional Budget Office,  confirmed this in the October report, noting that it benefits taxpayers  and low-income policyholders, not insurance companies.   I also want to point out that there is also a fiscal case to be made  for continuing the CSR payments in the short term. The nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office--once again, the CBO--found that the  Federal Government will be on the hook to subsidize care of the  individuals who otherwise would receive premium assistance via the CSR  payments.   The CSR payments have ended. Insurers who stay in the individual  marketplace will be forced to raise their prices to compensate. Instead  of costing $7 billion, as it did this year under the use of CSRs, the  CBO estimates that the disruption caused by abruptly ending the CSRs  will cost the Federal Government an average of $25 billion annually,  more than four times the current rate.   The fact that ObamaCare is failing is not a partisan issue. Members  of both parties have acknowledged that it is rapidly sinking. Our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle believe it is fixable.  Republicans believe we have to go in a different direction. Democrats  have refused to admit the failure. They recognize it is sinking--they  think it is fixable--but, until now, have been unwilling to make any  concessions to the law they were solely responsible for creating.    We must seize the opportunity to provide States with much needed  relief from ObamaCare and show that States are far better at coming up  with health insurance rules which are tailored to their individual  needs. The only tradeoff is in fulfilling our promise to stabilize the  individual market temporarily while we continue our work to repeal  ObamaCare and replace it with a truly competitive market-based system.  In the meantime, States will already be given that option under our  plan.   Let me just share this. Sometimes when you look at a bipartisan piece  of legislation, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will  point to the fact that they want to stabilize the market now.  Republicans will point to the fact that we need to stabilize the market  and provide the opportunity for the full repeal and replacement to  become effective. ObamaCare started in 2009. It was passed in 2009. Yet  it took until 2014 for all of the impacts to actually begin to  accumulate--5 years. To undo it, it will take time for the States to  create their fixes.   We have to pass the legislation, and the HHS has to create the rules.  Then, at the local level, at the State level, the State legislatures  have to create the laws once again that were torn apart by ObamaCare in  the first place. Then their divisions of insurance and their  departments of health have to actually create the rules. The insurance  companies that are out there that want to compete once again have to be  able to contract with doctors and hospitals. They have to go on out and  not only write the contracts that will comply with the law and the  regulations, but then they also have to go on out and market that  product to individuals.   The exchange from one contract under ObamaCare to a contract with a  competitor, which is when insurance carriers can actually offer  different types of products to group plans or to individuals, will take  time. That transition can hardly be done in less than 2 years, thus the  need and the offer in all of the Republican proposals to take this 2- year time period and actually help the American people get through this  very difficult time without hurting them more than the pain they will  have already felt with the continuation of ObamaCare. It simply takes 2  years to make any reasonable transition happen.   Once again, I would like to acknowledge the hard work of the Senator  from Tennessee, Mr. Alexander, and the way in which he has created a  team effect, a team plan, on getting this through. I also acknowledge  the hard work of Senator Murray and her working side by side with  Senator Alexander in trying to find common ground so her colleagues see  the importance, from their perspectives, while, at the same time, those  of us on this side of the aisle reflect on the first step in a long- term goal of the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare.   For the first time, we have a chance. For the first time, we have an  opportunity to take a step statutorily, with  [[Page S7101]]  a 60-count vote, in actually making changes to the substance of  ObamaCare. It is high time. It is time to get started. It is time to  move forward.   I thank all of our colleagues for working side by side in at least  slowing down the damage which has been occurring and which will  continue to occur until we get the full replacement of ObamaCare behind  us.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Delaware.   