 Madam President, there are a handful of innovations over  the years that have redefined the United States and the entire world.  The cotton gin, railroads, electricity, and the automobile are just a  few examples. However, without question, broadband internet is one of  the defining innovations of our time. Broadband internet connects both  rural and urban communities to vital services such as telemedicine,  educational resources, and international commerce. In fact, broadband  internet is absolutely essential for communications in the modern era.  It lets us keep in touch with our loved ones no matter where they live,  [[Page S7984]]  and it has boosted productivity across every single industry. Perhaps  most importantly, broadband internet revolutionized our economy and has  led to millions of new jobs.   The ability to instantly reach consumers wherever they live has  allowed American small businesses and startups to compete with large  global corporations in a way that would have been simply unimaginable  just a couple of decades ago.   Michigan is home to over 850,000 small businesses and a growing  number of startups. The new ideas and creative solutions they generate  put America on the cutting edge of a global and interconnected economy.  Michigan small businesses are able to compete and innovate because of  the free and open structure of the internet, but, unfortunately, these  opportunities are at risk.   Tomorrow the FCC will vote to eliminate current net neutrality  protections that stop large corporations from stifling small businesses  and harming the American people. I think the facts are very  straightforward, and the FCC is wrong. They should stop what they are  doing and keep the current protections in place.   The current rules that I have consistently supported prevent internet  service providers from blocking, slowing, or prioritizing web traffic  for their own financial gain at the expense of small businesses and  every day internet users. The FCC's actions to roll back these  protections could usher in a new era of a two-tiered internet--one for  the large corporations that can pay for the fast lane and a slow lane  for the rest of us. This will allow internet service providers and  multinational corporations to compete unfairly against startups,  slowing down their traffic and playing gatekeeper to potential  customers.   Let me be clear. Repealing net neutrality is anti-innovation,  repealing net neutrality is anti-competition, and repealing net  neutrality is anti-consumer.   The FCC should not consider this proposal tomorrow to degrade  internet service, especially during a time when over 20 million  households in rural America, including far too many in my home State of  Michigan, still lack access to high-speed broadband internet.   The FCC has a lot of work to do to close the digital divide, and  repealing net neutrality is taking our country backward, not forward.  If the internet doesn't work for growing small businesses and startups,  our economy will be hurt for generations to come. High-speed broadband  and net neutrality in the 21st century is every bit as vital as  electricity was in the 20th century. All Americans deserve access,  regardless of their income or their ZIP Code.   We accomplished the goal of bringing electricity to every household  in this country in the last century, even in the most rural areas, by  making it a national priority. We need to make access to broadband  internet with strong net neutrality protections a national priority  today.   By preserving net neutrality, we put students, artists, advocates,  entrepreneurs, and other visionaries, who could be inventing the future  and creating the next big thing, ahead of a handful of multinational  corporations.   The FCC should call off this dangerous vote and, instead, work to  ensure that the internet remains a hub of entrepreneurship, creativity,  and competition.   