 I thank the gentleman.   Mr. Chairman, these bills are a group of bills that have been  considered for many years and have passed on partisan votes in the  House. What you do when you repeal regulations or make it harder to  have regulations is you make it better for business, better for the  Chamber crowd, better for the manufacturing folk.   But there is always a cost for everything. I think it was Isaac  Newton who said: ``For every action, there is an equal and opposite  reaction.'' You take these regulations off, increase business, and make  it easier; but there is an equal and opposite effect in that Newtonian  law as the consumer of the products.   Whether it is food and food safety, whether it is water safety and  purity, whether it is air safety, whether it is toys and manufacturers'  defects or automobiles and safety in transportation--it could be  airplane transportation--there is always a side that loses; and the  side that loses is that of the consumers and the folks who will be  injured and/or killed because of lack of regulations.   I don't know how much one life is worth. If it is mine or one of my  loved ones or one of my constituents--I am getting a little political  here--it is worth a lot, but it is worth a lot no matter who it is, and  there are going to be lots of people who will not survive some of these  regulations. There are going to be injuries in the workplace because  regulations for safety aren't there. There will be food products that  are defective because regulations aren't in place, and people will eat  food that is not appropriate, not pure.   I had an amendment I proposed here on civil rights, and I think civil  rights is one of our most precious rights--one that has been neglected  on many occasions. That amendment would have said that this would not  affect any civil rights rules, but it was not put in order; but it  includes people with disabilities. Those are areas in which we should  have exempted and not had anything stop our steadfastness toward  securing civil rights and securing opportunities for people with  disabilities.   I am against the bills. I am for the consumer. I think there might be  a measured way to do this, but this is a heavy-handed way to do it, and  the consumer loses.   