 Thank you so much, Mr. Garamendi. Thank you for convening  us to talk about the first month of the Trump administration. The  attacks on our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, and the rule of law  are coming fast and furious, so it is hard to collect all of them, and  I appreciate the effort to try to inventory them today.   I represent the wonderful people of Montgomery County, Frederick  County, and Carroll County, Maryland, the Eighth Congressional  District, and I am, by training, a professor of constitutional law  which I have done for the last quarter century at American University.   So in reviewing the highlights--or the low lights--of the last  several weeks, Mr. Garamendi, I thought I would start, actually, with  my very first day on the job. I went to sign up for health insurance in  the basement of the Longworth House Office Building, which I was  delighted to do because my job entitles me to sign up for health  insurance, and I recognized how fortunate I was. As I was down there, a  number of other new Members began to form, and I looked at them.   Then, as I was going through, at the same time, some memoranda that  my office had received, I noticed that some of the first bills we were  going to be looking at were to set the stage for dismantling the  Affordable Care Act, for voucherizing Medicare, for pulverizing  Medicaid and downsizing it, for demonizing Planned Parenthood, and for  making it impossible for hundreds of thousands of citizens across the  country to get basic health care.   I said to myself: Tell me that it is not the case that I am entering  Congress with other Members who are going to be signing up for health  insurance that they get as part of their job, and then they are going  to go upstairs to the floor of the House and vote to strip 22 million  Americans of their health care in the Affordable Care Act.   But, believe it or not, this is precisely what has transpired, and  there is a very clear move on to try to dismantle the Affordable Care  Act. The majority has voted more than 60 times to repeal the Affordable  Care Act, but America has woken up to the fact that it is for real this  time, and we have hundreds of thousands--millions--of citizens  mobilizing across the country to defend the Affordable Care Act and to  demand accountability from their Member of Congress. I am thrilled to  see that.   Also, during the last few weeks, we all read a report from 16  intelligence agencies of the United States, including the FBI, the CIA,  the National Security Agency, the Defense Intelligence Agency, and a  dozen more, all of them expressing their confidence and their very  strong belief that Vladimir Putin, the KGB, and the Russian Government  worked a campaign to undermine and sabotage American democracy in the  2016 Presidential election. It included acts of cyber sabotage,  espionage, fake news, and propaganda that all entered into American  political discourse and our institutions in order to change the outcome  of the 2016 Presidential election.   What we have gotten from the President of the United States is a  series of blithe dismissals of the whole thing saying repeatedly: Other  people do the same.   I think it was yesterday that commentator Bill O'Reilly said that he  needed to criticize Vladimir Putin, who was a killer, to which the  President responded: Lots of people are killers. And, essentially: Have  you looked at what America has done recently?   That kind of talk is absolutely outrageous and scandalous that the  President would say that.   The point is not to join the killers of the world. The point is not  to participate in the league of bandits, bullies, dictators, despots,  and rightwing movements that are forming all over the world. The point  is to take them on and to stand up for democracy, human rights, and the  real ideals of the country.   So back in the home office, in Moscow, they must be chortling that  the President of the United States would establish a moral equivalency  between the first democracy--the first constitutional democracy ever  created on Earth--and a thug who is presiding over essentially a  kleptocratic, authoritarian regime in Russia, a man who has said that  the collapse of the Soviet Union was the single greatest catastrophe of  the 20th century.   So we have that to deal with.   Meantime, instead of taking on the real authoritarians on Earth, the  President summons up all of his courage with Steve Bannon, and they  impose a ban on people coming to America from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan,  Somalia, Syria, and Yemen; and they invoke 9/11 several times in the  course of establishing this unprecedented refugee ban. The only problem  is that the terrorist hijackers who came to attack  [[Page H1062]]  the country on 9/11 were from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and the United Arab  Emirates. The vast majority of them came from Saudi Arabia, which is  the stronghold and the organizing center of Wahhabism, fundamentalism,  radical Islamic terrorism on Earth which has been promoting and  disseminating militant Islamist ideology all over the world. Yet, the  Trump administration did nothing about that, either because they were  too powerful for them to take on or because Mr. Trump has had extensive  business dealings with Saudi Arabia, as well as in other countries that  were passed over in this ban.   Now, of course, because this is a religiously oriented Muslim ban  that is meant to whip up propaganda, hysteria, and chaos in the country  and has nothing to do with national security, it has been struck down  in different parts or in whole by five or six Federal district courts,  most recently by the United States District Court in Seattle. The case  is now in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.   There are so many problems with the executive order in terms of due  process, equal protection, free exercise of religion, and so on, that  there are multiple judicial decisions that are striking down different  aspects of the executive order.   Well, what else do we have going on? Today, in one of the committees  that I serve on, the House Administration Committee, there was a 6-3  vote to dismantle the only Federal election entity, the EAC, which is  charged with trying to promote the cybersecurity of our elections. That  vote was along party lines--6-3--to dismantle the Election Assistance  Commission which had been created and established on a bipartisan vote  many years ago. That was just taken down.   So I would say that there appears to be an effort to plunge America  into a certain kind of chaos at this point. That, of course, has been  the explicit wish of Steve Bannon, who has described himself as a  Leninist who wants to tear down our system of government and demolish  the politics of the country to replace with something else which has  gone un-named.   So, my fellow Americans, Mr. Garamendi, these are very serious times.  I am thrilled that the people of America are organizing in every State  of the Union and in every community to build up the capacity to resist  these attacks on our Constitution, on our Bill of Rights, and on the  rule of law. The majority of the people who did not vote for this  President are mobilized, they are galvanized, and they understand that  eternal vigilance is, indeed, the price of liberty, and people are  going to remain eternally vigilant--and passionately so--during the  course of this administration when the attacks continue to come fast  and furious on our Constitution and our Bill of Rights.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.    I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership.   