 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Louisiana (Mr.  Veasey) for opening up this part of our Special Order for which the  Congressional Black Caucus has come together to more critically examine  the nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions.   As the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee, I led a joint  statement in November that was signed by every Democratic member of the  Judiciary Committee opposing Senator Sessions' nomination for United  States Attorney General. The Attorney General is the chief law  enforcement officer of the United States, charged with the  administration of the criminal justice system and the enforcement of  our civil rights. Senator Sessions is clearly unsuitable to lead the  Department of Justice.   In 1986 testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, witnesses  said that Mr. Sessions had referred to the NAACP, the National  Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the Southern  Christian Leadership Conference, and other civil rights groups, as both  un-American and communist inspired. One prosecutor in the Alabama  United States Attorney's Office testified that Mr. Sessions referred to  him as ``boy'' and counseled him to be careful of what you say to White  folks.   His appointment to the Federal branch was opposed by the Leadership  Conference on Civil Rights, the National Association for the  Advancement of Colored People, and other organizations. Senator  Sessions has criticized the section 5 preclearance provisions in the  Voting Rights Act, which I and many others have been fighting to  restore since the 2013 Supreme Court Shelby County v. Holder decision.   In the 114th Congress, Senator Sessions opposed bipartisan criminal  justice reform efforts. He has also opposed the reauthorization of the  bipartisan Violence Against Women Act and nearly every immigration  reform bill that has come before the Senate.   A vote to confirm Jeff Sessions as Attorney General is a vote against  freedom and equality. So I join with many of my colleagues today in  urging the Senate to oppose his nomination, and I thank my colleague  for yielding to me.   