 Mr. President, today I will vote for James Mattis to be  the next Secretary of Defense. General Mattis stands out as a top  practitioner in his field. He has earned--and rightly deserves--near- universal respect. While I opposed the hurried waiving of a carefully  considered statutory cooling off period for members of the military  before they can become eligible for this civilian position, I made  clear then, and restate now, that my opposition to this waiver was  never about General Mattis himself.   I was grateful when General Mattis said in his confirmation hearing  that, even from his first days as a marine, he has observed that, in  the photographs on the walls of Department of Defense establishments,  the civilians in suits were above those of the men and women in  uniforms. I was pleased that he vowed to uphold that meaningful  tradition. I am confident that, as the President's top adviser on  matters of defense, as Secretary, General Mattis will carefully provide  considered defense advice, maximizing the wisdom of not only the  Active, Reserve, and National Guard, but the whole of the Department of  Defense, including Department civilians.   Donald Trump will sorely need that experience and advice. Last  weekend, President Trump again denigrated our NATO allies, a  partnership that President Kennedy very much had in mind when he vowed  at his own inauguration to ``pay any price, bear any burden, meet any  hardship, support any friend, and oppose any foe to assure the survival  and success of liberty.'' General Mattis clearly understands the value  of our NATO alliance. His condemnation of Russia's efforts to ``break''  NATO stands in stark contrast to the position of the man who has  nominated him and, to me, demonstrates the sound, experienced reasoning  that will provide a necessary balance to President Trump.   I do harbor reservations about General Mattis's past statements as a  private citizen related to equality within the ranks of our  servicemembers. I would have much preferred to hear General Mattis  renounced those past statements, but I do appreciate that, in his  confirmation hearings, he said that there is nothing innate about  gender or orientation that makes someone a better soldier than another.  I believe the results of the progress made under President Obama will  show clearly that the Nation succeeds when it has the best individuals  serving to their fullest potential in the position that best matches  his or her abilities.   The Secretary of Defense is, of course, a critically important  position. There are countless difficult choices General Mattis will  have to make in steering the Department in a direction that more  effectively utilizes its budget to respond to today's rapidly evolving  challenges. And whether it is the persistent, shockingly high rates of  sexual assault within the Armed Forces and of suicide among young  veterans, or the need for far more rigorous oversight of Defense  resources to reduce waste, fraud, and abuse, the next Secretary will  need to demonstrate that the Department is capable of effectively  addressing its own internal problems, in addition to defending the  Nation.   In these unsettling times, General Mattis will provide a voice of  experience and reason to what, by all accounts, looks to be an  undisciplined, impulsive, and inexperienced Commander in Chief. On the  Appropriations Committee and in other ways, I look  [[Page S352]]  forward to working closely with General Mattis in this new role.   Mr. President, the Senate today considers the nomination of John  Kelly to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. A retired marine,  General Kelly is no stranger to security efforts. Over more than four  decades of service in the Marines, General Kelly distinguished himself  through multiple commands and tours of duty. He is well respected by  elected officials, military officers, the Marines under his command,  and the law enforcement and intelligence communities. I have no reason  to doubt that he is a man of integrity.   But General Kelly is nominated to a far different post than those he  occupied during his distinguished military career. The Department of  Homeland Security--a civilian agency within our government--is charged  with a far-reaching mission. From protecting national security to  implementing immigration policies, from our emergency response to  domestic crises, to assisting in the unending fight against drugs in  our communities that today features opioids and heroin as its most  prevalent threat, the Department of Homeland Security faces challenges  as unique as they are numerous. While I am confident that General Kelly  is well equipped to exert leadership on many of these challenges, his  nomination has also raised concerns.   As we look ahead to the policies and practices this new  administration will seek to implement, we cannot forget the work left  unfinished in the Obama administration due to the obstruction of  congressional Republicans. In 2013, after a strong bipartisan vote in  the Senate, truly comprehensive immigration reform legislation was sent  to the House of Representatives, where Republican leaders there refused  to even bring it to a vote. That legislation addressed a litany of  issues facing our broken immigration system, from securing our borders  to reforming visa programs, from bringing the undocumented out of the  shadows to reuniting families.   After House Republicans failed to bring that bill to a vote,  President Obama took executive action to expand the Deferred Action for  Childhood Arrivals, DACA, and establish the Deferred Action for Parents  of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, DAPA, programs. These  actions would have offered a reprieve for young people and parents so  that they could remain in the country, with their families, and without  fear of deportation. It is fundamentally unfair for the new  administration to revoke a policy designed to bring vulnerable  immigrants out of the shadows and then to use information gained from  that policy to punish them.   I was disheartened when a Federal court issued an injunction  preventing implementation of these policies. I was more disheartened  when the Supreme Court was unable to resolve this court challenge,  again, due to obstruction from congressional Republicans in the  consideration of President Obama's nominee to the Supreme Court. Now,  this new administration is poised to withdraw these executive orders.   General Kelly is no stranger to the problems we face along the  southern border. As the commander of U.S. Southern Command, he is  familiar not only with immigration challenges, but with drug  trafficking. While I am grateful that he has not subscribed to the  singular approach that President Trump has thus far proposed with  respect to constructing a wall along our southern border, I am deeply  concerned that he has admonished so-called sanctuary cities and has  testified that accelerating the deportation of undocumented immigrants  will provide the solution to our broken immigration system. These views  are not supported by the facts, and they are contrary to the work  undertaken by the Senate just 4 years ago to comprehensively address  these problems. I am also concerned about his tenure as the military  officer in charge of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, given  reports that he opposed its closure and limited press access to the  facility.   Vermonters know that the explosion of heroin and opioid abuse across  the country can, in many ways, be attributed to the cross-border  trafficking of illegal drugs. General Kelly has been a strong defender  of a U.S. counternarcotics strategy which, in my view and the view of  many others, has been a costly failure. Since President Reagan's first  Andean Counter Drug Program, the interrelated problems of drugs,  corruption, and violence that have plagued countries in South and  Central America, and spilled over into our own country, have gotten  progressively worse.   I do not doubt that General Kelly will be confirmed to this post.  Knowing that, I do want to work with him to build on successful  policies such as preclearance operations, TSA Precheck, and the visa  waiver program. I look forward to partnering with him to ensure the  continuation of efforts to keep our northern border secure, while  remaining open to the trade and commerce we conduct with Canada, our  largest trading partner. I look forward to working with General Kelly  to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency is fully  supported and able to respond to domestic disasters. And I look forward  to working with General Kelly to address vulnerabilities in our cyber  infrastructure.   There are many challenges ahead. The Department of Homeland Security  was hastily created in the wake of the September 11 attacks and, in my  view, has become an unwieldly bureaucracy that suffers from inadequate  transparency and accountability. This has resulted in adverse,  sometimes severe consequences for many vulnerable people and their  families who deserved better from this country. The Department needs  significant reform in order to effectively confront these challenges,  and I urge General Kelly to seek the input of a wide range of experts,  as well as Congress, in identifying and implementing long overdue  reforms. And above all, I hope General Kelly, as the Secretary of  Homeland Security, will provide a thoughtful and reasoned balance to  the extreme proposals thus far put forward by President Trump.    Mr. President, I want to associate myself with what the  distinguished Senator from Oregon has said. My concerns--and they will  be in my full statement about Mr. Pompeo--are his suggestions in the  past of sweeping authority for the government to collect bulk  information on all Americans; that is, every American in this room,  every American in this city, and every American in this country. We  have strong bipartisan legislation that we have worked for years on,  trying to  [[Page S354]]  get Republicans and Democrats across the political spectrum to set into  law what the rules should be. His statements show that he wants to  throw it all overboard. So I have concerns.   Mr. President, our intelligence agencies have an enormous task ahead.  The challenges they face range from state-sponsored information warfare  to countering violent extremists around the world. Among those who will  lead these efforts will be the next Director of the Central  Intelligence Agency. The importance of the CIA cannot be overstated,  and now, perhaps more than ever, we need a Director who will manage the  agency with the full confidence of the American people. This confidence  is based not only on a future Director's ability to comprehend security  challenges, but on his or her ability to safeguard the privacy and  civil liberties of all Americans and to uphold and advance United  States leadership in protecting human rights.   I have serious concerns with President Trump's nominee to lead the  CIA. Congressman Pompeo has called for the reestablishment of the bulk  collection of Americans' phone records, and has even argued that the  intelligence community should combine that metadata ``with publicly  available financial and lifestyle information into a comprehensive,  searchable database.'' He went on to say that ``[l]egal and  bureaucratic impediments to surveillance should be removed.'' But  Congress outright rejected the bulk collection of Americans' records  when it passed the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 on an overwhelming  bipartisan basis--the very program that Congressman Pompeo said that he  wants to bring back.   During his testimony last week, Congressman Pompeo attempted to  diffuse this and other questions about his more alarming positions by  affirming his appreciation of the supremacy of law. It sounded to me  like the tried and true confirmation conversion. I appreciate that he  testified that he understands the responsibility of a Director to  uphold the Constitution and the laws passed by Congress. But I remain  deeply concerned that he advocated for such dangerous measures in the  first place. And I am concerned that he will push to remove ``legal and  bureaucratic impediments to surveillance''--just as he said last year.   We face grave threats from around the world, whether from Russia,  from ISIS, or other adversaries. The director of the CIA must be  trusted by all Americans to protect us from these threats, but also to  protect our Nation's core values. I don't question Congressman Pompeo's  loyalty to our Nation. I do question his stated beliefs that immediate  security concerns can be used as a justification for eroding the  fundamental rights of Americans. For these reasons, I cannot support  Congressman Pompeo's nomination.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from North Carolina.   