 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Colorado for yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, Russia attacked our democracy this past election. I urge  my colleagues to defeat the previous question and for all of us to get  to the business of forming an independent commission to find out how we  were attacked, who was responsible, whether any U.S. persons were  involved, and, most importantly, promise the American people we will do  everything we can to make sure we never find ourselves in a mess like  this again.   Congressman Cummings and I introduced H.R. 356, the Protecting Our  Democracy Act, because we always believed that the only way to have a  comprehensive understanding of what happened and who was responsible  and to make recommendations was through an independent commission.  However, it also now is an insurance policy against compromised  investigations that we believe are coming from this House as well as  the administration.   There is no question that, this last election, Russia meddled in our  election. It is not disputed that that order came from Vladimir Putin.  There is no dispute, among our intelligence agencies, that he had a  strong preference for Donald Trump, and the most terrifying finding  that our intelligence agencies made was that Russia is sharpening their  knives and undertaking a lessons-learned campaign because they will go  at us and our allies again.   Unfortunately, we have seen that those charged with getting to the  bottom of what has happened have been compromised. The American people  are counting on us to defend this great democracy, a democracy that so  many men and women in our armed services have fought for and sacrificed  for and who are fighting for and sacrificing for today.   Unfortunately, the Attorney General, twice when asked under oath as  to whether he had any prior contacts with Russia, said that he had not.  We later learned that, indeed, during the Republican Convention and  afterwards, he had met with Russia's Ambassador. He is now recused from  any investigation into Russia. That is the executive branch.   Unfortunately, our investigation in the House has also been  compromised. I have long enjoyed working with Chairman Nunes. I think  he is a good man who has led our committee over the last few years to  bipartisan results that have made us safer. For the last few weeks,  Republicans and Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee have gone  down an investigative road together. We had a very productive open  hearing last week where we were able to connect the dots of Donald  Trump's, his family's, his campaign's, and his business' personal,  political, and financial ties to Russia that were converging with a  Russian interference campaign. Those dots were validated by the FBI  Director confirming that, indeed, President Trump's campaign was under  counterintelligence and criminal investigations.   Unfortunately, the chairman, in the last week, exited this bipartisan  investigative road to work with the White House; going to the White  House to receive classified information before sharing it with any  members on the committee, Democratic and Republican; and going again to  the White House the next day to share that information with the  President.   The actions of the Attorney General and the actions of the leaders in  this House who are supposed to be undertaking this campaign demand that  we take this outside of politics and that we take this outside of  Congress. The only way to do that is to have an independent commission  that can depoliticize this, that can declassify the facts to the extent  possible, and that can debunk the myths that our  [[Page H2476]]  President has put forward about what happened with Russia.   Mr. Speaker, I was a 20-year-old intern in Washington, D.C., when we  were attacked on September 11. I will never forget watching Republicans  and Democrats stand on the House steps, arm in arm, singing ``God Bless  America.'' But what was more moving than that moment of symbolism was  the unity that Republicans and Democrats showed when they came together  to make important reforms to ensure that never again would we be  attacked from the skies, when they made many reforms that were put in  place by an independent commission that was parallel to investigations  that were being done in Congress.    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, there is still time for  Republicans and Democrats in this House to unite. There is still time  for us to uphold that solemn duty to ensure that we always put our  public safety and our sacred democracy first. The best way to do that  is to bring before this House for consideration the Protect Our  Democracy Act. This country is still worth defending.   