 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to Mr. Babin's  amendment, which delays FMCSA's electronic logging device rulemaking.  While well intentioned, this delay will endanger public safety by  giving commercial vehicle operators the ability to exceed the Federal  hours of service limits.   In 2012, Congress passed the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st  Century Act, or MAP-21, which instructed the FMCSA to issue a  rulemaking requiring the use of ELDs in commercial vehicles. Congress  again reaffirmed the ELD requirement in the FAST Act and fiscal year  2016 appropriations. The American Trucking Association was in lockstep  with Congress at each instance, and thousands of fleet owners across  the country have taken steps to adopt this technology and train their  drivers as Congress intended.   After 5 years, FMCSA has completed this rulemaking, and has done so  in the proper way: by conferring with industry and Congress and holding  public meetings in advance of implementation.   I can appreciate that my friends in agriculture industry--some of my  closest friends--I serve on the Agriculture Committee, as well as the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee--would like to see a delay  of the ELD rule. Instead of this amendment being a catch-all delay,  perhaps my friend could have structured a more precise exemption for  those in niche segments of transportation, like agriculture. That is a  policy many would have considered supporting, including myself.   The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.   Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman.    In closing, Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to oppose this well-intentioned amendment--a policy  that secured nearly unanimous support in our conference when it was  enacted--and work with an administration that understands smart,  consumer safety-minded regulations like this.   We can work with the President, Secretary Chao, and others at FMCSA  to address some of the concerns my friend from Texas has without  undoing the progress that has been made to ensure our highways are  safer with ELDs.   