 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding. I thank him and Eliot Engel for sponsoring this important  bill.   This bill brings together a critical arsenal of stiff and timely  sanctions against Iran, Russia, and North Korea.   The administration was absolutely right in early February to put Iran  on notice regarding its continued testing of ballistic missiles. This  bill underscores that warning by imposing expanded sanctions against  Iran's missile program, demonstrating that the United States will not  sit idly by as Iran augments its ability to militarily blackmail the  United States, Israel, and our allies.   It also, as the world's largest sponsor of terrorism, imposes terror  sanctions on the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. It very  importantly, as well, authorizes the imposition of sanctions on  individuals responsible for Iran's human rights abuses.   The State Department suggests there are as many as 800 political  prisoners in Iran alone. It also reminds us and draws attention to  Iran's despicable practice of arresting American citizens to use them  as bargaining chips.   On Russia, Mr. Speaker, the Putin government's invasion of Ukraine  and annexation of Crimea; indiscriminate bombing in Syria; and  threatening behavior toward our NATO allies, above all, in the Baltics  makes it--important in respects--the worst actor in the global stage  today. Putin's government has passed from threats to aggressive actions  against our friends, allies, and innocent people abroad.   Let's not forget that in 2008--and I was there in Tbilisi as it was  happening--the Russians invaded Georgia and annexed South Ossetia and  Abkhazia.   As to North Korea, a gulag masquerading as a country, we must cut off  all economic lifelines to Kim Jong-un, and punish Pyongyang's clients  and its enablers. A regime that murdered Otto Warmbier and then, of  course, is working on more missiles and the means to deliver them needs  to be taken seriously. This legislation does that with very stiff  sanctions.   I thank, again, Chairman Royce, Eliot Engel, Majority Leader  McCarthy, and Steny Hoyer as the principal sponsors of the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 3364, the Countering  America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, introduced by my good  friend, Chairman Ed Royce. I'm proud to be a co-sponsor. This bill  brings together a critical arsenal of stiff and timely sanctions  trained at some of the gravest national security threats our country  faces today.   The Trump Administration was absolutely right in early February to  put Iran ``on notice'' regarding its continued testing of ballistic  missiles. This bill underscores that warning by imposing expanded  sanctions against Iran's missile program--demonstrating that the United  States will not sit idly by as Iran augments its ability to blackmail  Israel and other allies.   The stakes could hardly be higher. Iran possesses the largest  ballistic missile program in the region and its medium-range ballistic  missiles are already able to strike Israel and our allies and  installations in the Gulf from deep within Iranian territory. Iran's  growing space launch program--a thinly veiled testing scheme for  intercontinental ballistic missiles--is cause for greater alarm still.   Iran is also the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism. By  requiring the imposition of terror sanctions on the Islamic  Revolutionary Guard Corps, H.R. 3364 treats the IRGC as what it truly  is: Iran's principal means of exporting terrorism around the world,  particularly to Israel, Syria, Lebanon, Yemen, and Bahrain.   The U.S. cannot tolerate this brinksmanship and blackmail. Iran  dreams of nothing less than regional hegemony and Israel's  annihilation. There is no room for compromise with such an adversary.  Now is the time to act: Iran is entrenching its influence in Syria and  Iraq and insuring these gains with the credibility of its missile  threat and militant proxies. We must pass this bill to bring maximum  pressure to bear against a mounting threat.   Importantly, this bill also authorizes the imposition of sanctions on  individuals responsible for Iran's horrifying human rights abuses. In  May, the State Department reported to Congress that: ``The Iranian  regime's repression of its own people includes reports of over 800  political prisoners, composed of peaceful civic activists, journalists,  women's rights activists, religious and ethnic minorities, and  opposition political figures.''   This bill would also draw increased attention to Iran's despicable  practice of arresting American citizens to use them as bargaining  chips. On Friday, the Trump Administration rightfully called Iran out  for using these detentions as ``a tool of state policy'' and threatened  ``new and serious'' consequences if this practice continues. We must  not forget the lives and families of Robert Levinson, Siamak and Baquer  Namazi, Xiyue Wang, and others that have been torn apart by Iran's  cynical schemes.   Mr. Speaker, regarding Russia, the Putin government's invasion of  Ukraine and annexation of Crimea, indiscriminate bombing in Syria, and  threatening behavior toward our NATO allies, above all in the Baltics,  makes it among the worst actors on the global stage today. Putin's  government has passed from threats to aggressive action against our  friends, allies and innocent civilians abroad. And it did so long ago,  when it invaded Georgia in 2008.   I was there, in Tbilisi, several weeks after that invasion began, to  work to secure the exit of two young children, constituents of mine,  trapped behind Russian lines in South Ossetia. I will never forget the  quiet courage of the Georgian people in Tbilisi--not entirely surprised  by Putin's invasion--they were too wise for that--uncertain whether the  Russian army would proceed to Tbilisi, and determined to soldier on in  defense of their country.   And then in 2014 the Russian government annexed Crimea and invaded  eastern Ukraine--each of these incursions was marked by massive human  rights violations, violence toward anyone suspected of being  unsympathetic to the Russian imperialist cause, and created massive  humanitarian crises of displaced persons, which the Russian government  did nothing to relieve.   These acts of aggression underscore the seriousness with which we  must take the Russian government's testing of our limits and our will,  by buzzing our ships and planes, harassing our diplomats, and  intimidating our allies--as it does for example with the Zapad  exercises set to take place in September near the Polish, Lithuanian,  Latvian, and Estonian borders.   We know from experience that the best way to maintain the peace and  keep our country secure is to respond strongly to Russian expansionism  and intimidation attempts--this sanctions bill does just that.   The large number of political assassinations that have scarred  Russian public life since Putin arrived on the scene--the most  notorious but not the only attack on the rights of Russian citizens for  which the Putin government is responsible. These brutal crimes only  underscore the need to respond strongly to Putin's attempts to  intimidate us and our allies.   Congress has responded strongly to Putin's aggressions and crimes  before, for example with the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law and  Accountability Act and the Global Magnitsky legislation, of which I was  the House chief sponsor, taking the lessons of the earlier act and  applied them globally, while in its name further memorializing the  heroic sacrifice of Sergei Magnitsky. The Magnitsky legislation was so  strongly detested by the Putin government that in early 2013, having  cosponsored the original Magnitsky legislation, the Russian government  refused to issue me a visa to visit Russia to work on international  child adoption issues. A State Department official commented to me at  the time that as far he knew, I was the first Congressman denied a visa  since the Brezhnev era.   So, in addition to enacting this new legislation, I want to join  Vladimir Kara-Murza's call that the Magnitsky legislation continue to  be implemented energetically and fully. Kara-Murza is a Russian  democracy activist who twice was nearly killed by sophisticated poisons  while visiting Russia--he testified for me at the Helsinki Commission  after the first poisoning attempt, in October 2015. Many of the Putin  government's murders are motivated by economic crimes and  implementation of the Magnitsky legislation should also include U.S.  government advocacy on behalf of U.S. investors defrauded by Russian  expropriations--the Yukos oil company is the most notorious case of  this.   As to North Korea--a gulag masquerading as a country--we must cut off  all economic lifelines to Kim Jong un and punish Pyongyang's clients  and its enablers. A regime that murders Otto Warmbier does not deserve  respect and should be considered an imminent threat to the US and its  allies because of its nuclear proliferation.   We cannot negotiate our way out of these strategic problems. Carrots  have not worked, we need bigger sticks.   We know sanctions are working. Thae Yong Ho (Thay Young Ho)--North  Korea's former  [[Page H6264]]  deputy ambassador to Britain and the highest ranking defector in twenty  years--said that international sanctions are beginning to squeeze the  regime. He also said that the spread of information from the outside  world is having a real impact. So it shouldn't be a surprise that South  Korea has reported that high-level defections are surging.   This legislation provides crucial tools and I support them  wholeheartedly--as I supported them in May of this year.   The Trump Administration will find that it can use the tools we offer  today to much greater use than did the last White House. With hundreds  of thousands of North Korean laborers abroad--sending as much as $2  billion a year back to the regime in hard currency--we should look at  targeting this expatriate labor and the governments and corporations  that employ them.   Loopholes in our sanctions on North Korea's shipping and financial  sectors must be closed. And when we discover that foreign banks have  helped Kim Jong un skirt sanctions--as those in China have repeatedly  done--we must give those banks and businesses a stark choice: do  business with Kim Jong un or the U.S.   Cut off Kim Jong un's economic lifelines, punish those who keep his  murderous regime afloat, and signal to China and its client state in  North Korea that the era of ``strategic patience'' is finally over.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to strongly support this critical  measure at a perilous moment for our country and the rest of the  planet.   