 Mr. President, I stand this morning just before we vote on  Dr. Benjamin Carson as the next Secretary of the Department of Housing  and Urban Development to strongly urge my colleagues to support his  nomination.   Dr. Carson was advanced in the committee by a voice vote, as Senator  Brown and I worked with the Banking Committee to assure that his  nomination moved through smoothly. I thank Senator Brown for his  cooperation and work to help us move this nomination promptly.   Dr. Carson also received numerous letters of support from former HUD  Secretaries and housing stakeholders alike. There truly is an  excitement for his leadership to be brought to the Department.   As I highlighted yesterday, Dr. Carson has said that once confirmed,  he is committed to embarking on a listening tour, where he will hear  stories and concerns from housing stakeholders across America. This  presents a real opportunity for Americans to weigh in on how housing  issues affect them in their local communities--input that can make a  lasting impact on HUD policies.   Once Dr. Carson is confirmed, we can begin working on several  important issues under HUD's jurisdiction. Homelessness, especially  among our Nation's veterans, needs to be addressed. We need to  streamline regulatory burdens on local public housing agencies so that  they can more efficiently serve the communities that rely on them.  Financing arrangements for small and rural affordable housing  developments should also be strengthened.   For years, there has been bipartisan interest in a number of these  reforms. I look forward to having a strong partner at HUD so that we  can tackle these important issues and many others head-on. I am eager  to get that process started and to start work with Dr. Carson, with  Ranking Member Brown, and  [[Page S1547]]  with other members of the Banking Committee on these critical issues.   Again, I urge my colleagues to vote to confirm Dr. Carson so that  this important work can begin.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I yield back all time.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   