 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, before I read from my remarks, I would  like to make the point that I get the impression that what some Members  of the other political party--but more often editorials and think  tanks--believe and want the public to believe is that there is actually  a tax bill produced by the tax-writing committees of the Congress,  something that is very definitive in what it does to the tax policy. I  want to make clear that there is no such document. All we have so far  is what is called a framework agreed to by the leaders of the two tax- writing committees and the Treasury Department and the leaders of the  House and the Senate. You cannot draw conclusions about who is going to  pay what taxes just from the framework.   I will get into real detail on this, but the other thing I would like  to make clear is the fact that there are a lot of people drawing  conclusions about who is going to get tax benefits and who is going to  be hurt as a result of all this information that is out there, from  which no one can draw conclusions because there isn't any bill before  the Congress at this point. There will be in a matter of weeks.   The budget that we are debating this week paves the way for  fundamental tax reform. For more than a decade, both sides of the aisle  have talked about the need for tax reform that provides tax  simplification, tax fairness, and gives us the ability to increase our  economic competitiveness so that we can grow the economy.   Under President George W. Bush, we had a bipartisan tax reform panel.  Under President Obama, we had the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles Commission.  We have had individual Members also authoring tax plans, including a  bipartisan bill authored by Finance Committee Ranking Member Wyden, the  Senator from Oregon, and former Senator Coats, then representing the  State of Indiana.   In addition to these high-profile plans that have been out there over  the years, the Senate Finance Committee has also had countless tax  reform hearings over this extended period. The  [[Page S6442]]  committee also held a series of bipartisan options papers discussions  under then-Chairman Baucus. Additionally, under Chairman Hatch, we had  bipartisan tax reform working groups. All of this work over the years  has laid the foundation and informed the unified framework released by  the Big 6. That is the framework I previously referred to.   The influence of these prior discussions and proposals on the Big 6  framework is evident. In other words, all of that work that has gone on  over the years in different environs is bearing fruit now in getting a  consensus of what we ought to do in a broad way of moving forward on  tax simplification, tax reform, and tax cuts.   The framework is nothing but a framework and will be filled in with  details by the tax-writing committees. It is at that point that any  think tank, any Member of the other political party, any Member of our  political party, any college professors, any economists anyplace can  make some sound judgments as to the extent to which certain people  benefit or don't benefit from the legislation before us.   I think they ought to take into consideration that you have to think  about the country as a whole, which hasn't grown by more than 1.6  percent in each of the 8 years of the previous administration. If you  are going to have jobs created, you have to grow at about twice that  amount, at 3 percent or more. That is some of the thinking behind this  budget that is before the Senate right now and the thinking behind the  tax reform measures that will follow our adoption of the budget.   I will be repeating myself to some extent here, but for illustration,  I have a chart here comparing the Big 6 framework, the Wyden-Coats  bill, and the Simpson-Bowles plan to which I have already referred. You  can see here the main point about putting these three plans together is  to show similarity. All proposals would consolidate the current tax  brackets down to three. That is one point the chart makes.   Two plans provide for a top rate of 35 percent, while one provides  for a top rate of 28 percent. Yet the Big 6 framework, the framework  that will evolve into a piece of legislation called tax simplification,  tax reform, and tax cuts, is being criticized for having a 35-percent  top rate that somehow is a giveaway to the wealthy, whereas you can see  from this chart that plans that have been bipartisan in the past have  had the 35-percent top rate or less. Of course, the 35-percent tax rate  that is said to be a giveaway to the wealthy is not even the one that  proposes a lower 28-percent rate. The 28-percent rate is reserved for  the Simpson-Bowles plan. That Simpson-Bowles group was put together by  none other than a Democratic President.   Let me ask: Were Democratic members of the Simpson-Bowles Commission,  which voted for that plan, voting to give huge tax cuts to the wealthy?  Do our Democratic colleagues expect us to believe that a 35-percent top  rate is a sensible bipartisan compromise when offered by Democrats but  a giveaway to the rich once it is associated with this administration  or with Republican Members of Congress?   Well, another thing is the same: All three plans would repeal the  alternative minimum tax. This is very surprising. From listening to my  Democratic colleagues, I thought repealing the alternative minimum tax  was some nefarious plot to benefit President Trump, but that just  doesn't square with the reality and what has gone on in the Congress  over the last decade and a half with regard to tax reform. Repealing  the alternative minimum tax has had strong bipartisan support.   While serving as either chairman or the ranking member of the Finance  Committee, Senator Baucus and I introduced bipartisan, stand-alone  legislation to repeal the alternative minimum tax. We did that across  several Congresses. Of course, we were not successful. I hope this  Congress will be successful in doing that.   Our legislation eliminating the alternative minimum tax garnered  bipartisan support from across the political spectrum. The current  ranking member of the Finance Committee and the current minority leader  of the entire U.S. Senate even joined Senator Baucus and me at that  time in these efforts as cosponsors of that legislation.   At the time, a few years ago, the current ranking member even went so  far as to say that ``the alternative minimum tax should be Congress'  number-one priority for tax reform.'' I agree with what the current  ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee said a few years ago,  which I just quoted. The alternative minimum tax repeal should be a top  priority, and it seems as though it is going to be a top priority this  year because the alternative minimum tax adds needless complexity to  the Tax Code and often hits middle-income taxpayers rather than the  wealthy, as originally intended.   Let me give a history of the alternative minimum tax. I think it was  passed in 1969. Studies of wealthy people showed that about 150 people  who were very wealthy paid no income tax, and there was a feeling that  everyone ought to pay some tax. The alternative minimum tax was set up  to hit those 150 and some other people, but it wasn't ever indexed. Now  it hits millions of middle-income taxpayers. To help those middle- income taxpayers who should have never been hit by the alternative  minimum tax--that is the rationale for doing away with it.   We even have the Internal Revenue Service's Taxpayer Advocate Service  repeatedly calling for the repeal of the alternative minimum tax,  noting that it ``does not achieve its original goal'' and ``stealthily  increases marginal rates for middle-income taxpayers.''   I want to move now to the corporate tax part of the framework. I am  back at the chart now. Similarity between these plans exists for reform  of corporate taxes. For instance, each one of these three plans seeks  to significantly lower our corporate tax rate.   The Wyden-Coats bill calls for an 11-percent reduction in the  corporate rate, bringing that rate down from 35 to 24 percent. The Big  6 framework aims for 20 percent as the highest corporate tax rate. Yet,  according to the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee, the  corporate rate reduction in the Big 6 framework is ``a massive  corporate tax cut that overwhelmingly benefits shareholders.''   The last time I checked, the distribution of the benefit from a  corporate rate reduction is the same no matter what party or what  President proposed it. This chart shows that similarity between the  bipartisan plans and the Big 6 framework. I don't think the Senate  Finance Committee ranking member proposed a 24-percent corporate rate  when that Wyden-Coats plan was developed because he wanted to provide a  massive benefit to the shareholders he now talks about. I also know for  certain that isn't why the Big 6 framework aims for 20 percent.    The truth is, there has been a really big, growing, bipartisan  consensus that our corporate tax rate is out of step with other major  trading partners. Now, at 35 percent--and it has been at 35 percent for  decades--our corporate tax rate is the highest among developed  countries. While we have been at 35 percent, our major trading partners  have been lowering their rates. On average, their rates are more than  10 percent lower than ours, so averaging maybe about 24 percent.   Now, that obviously has a great impact on jobs in America because it  puts American companies at a competitive disadvantage globally, costing  American jobs. It has also strained our corporate tax system to its  breaking point as we have battled corporate inversions and foreign  takeovers. Now, how much in the last several years have we heard  Members of this body complaining about foreign takeovers and inversions  to skip the country, to save taxes? Well, that is one of the reasons  for reducing the corporate tax rate so that doesn't happen.   Moreover, a growing body of economic literature is showing that a  significant portion of the corporate tax does indeed fall on workers in  the form of lower wages. The nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation as  well as the Congressional Budget Office assumes 25 percent of corporate  tax falls on workers. So if you reduce the corporate tax rate,  according to congressional researchers here who work for us, one would  assume that workers are going to get 25 percent of that benefit to  their wages. We even have other studies--many--finding that workers  could bear more than 70 percent of the burden of a high corporate tax  rate.   While the exact burden borne by workers may be debated, the economic  [[Page S6443]]  research is very clear. A corporate rate reduction means a significant  wage increase for workers. In fact, the Council of Economic Advisers  very conservatively estimates that workers could see their wages  increase by more than $4,000 due to lowering the corporate rate to 20  percent.   In reality, there is very little in this tax framework that has not  had bipartisan support in the past or is not well within the mainstream  of bipartisan proposals before us. Once again, that statement I just  made is the purpose of this chart, to show that this bipartisan  agreement and what we have before the Congress coming up--the Big 6  framework--have so many likenesses in it that there is absolutely no  rationale for the partisanship we are having in the news media and on  the Senate floor talking about this framework. This is why the  accusations that the Big 6 tax framework is nothing more than a  giveaway to the rich--why that statement we hear so often is so  dumbfounding.   I want to move on to another issue about whether these are tax cuts  for the rich, and I want to show how one of the proposals before the  Congress will help the rich. More perplexing is that those who are  screaming ``tax cuts for the rich'' and saying it the loudest have also  been the most ardent supporters of maintaining one of the largest  loopholes for the wealthy; namely, the State and local tax deduction.   I know the minority leader was on the floor last week, I think,  citing IRS statistics to claim that the deduction was really a middle- class benefit, but the minority leader told only part of that story. I  would like to look at some estimates by the liberal Tax Policy Center  that my Democratic colleagues like to cite so often. According to the  Tax Policy Center, 90 percent of the tax increase from eliminating the  deduction would fall on taxpayers with incomes exceeding $100,000, and  40 percent of the total would be paid just by taxpayers with incomes  exceeding $500,000 a year.   Think of it this way. Those with incomes exceeding $500,000 make up  less than 1 percent of all tax filers, yet receive 40 percent of the  deduction benefit of claiming the State and local tax deduction.   I would like to illustrate it a better way. I have a chart based on  IRS data that looks at the benefit of the deduction by adjusted gross  income. Prior to going to the chart, I think it is important to point  out that only about 30 percent of the taxpayers even itemize and have  the State and local tax deduction available to them because you have to  itemize to get that. This chart is going to focus on that 30 percent.   The first group I have highlighted on this chart are taxpayers with  incomes below $50,000. As we can see on the chart, only about 12  percent of the tax filers in this group claim the deduction. In other  words, 88 percent of the taxpayers in this category receive no benefit  from the State and local tax deduction. That 12 percent does get a  fairly nice benefit from it. They are deducting an average of a little  over $3,000 in State taxes for a State benefit of just under $500,  assuming they are in today's 15 percent bracket.   From further down the chart, we can see that the benefits afforded to  low- to middle-income taxpayers are very much dwarfed by the benefits  afforded to the wealthy or, as some of my Democratic colleagues might  have become accustomed to referring to them, the millionaires and  billionaires. Where only 12 percent of taxpayers with incomes under  $50,000 have any benefit from the State and local tax deduction, over  90 percent of filers with incomes exceeding $500,000 claim the  deduction. Tax filers in the $500,000 to $1 million range are, on  average, deducting more in State and local taxes--$53,000--than the  incomes of the taxpayers in the first group.   If we assume taxpayers in this second group are, under the current  law, in the 39.6-percent tax bracket, that translates into a tax  benefit of nearly $21,000. For those with incomes exceeding $1 million,  there is an average tax benefit of about $100,000.   So if you are truly interested in eliminating tax loopholes for the  rich, look no further than the elimination of the State and local tax  deduction. This elimination provides an opportunity to better target  more tax relief where we want to target it--to the middle class--making  up for any benefit the middle class may lose from deductions and then  some. In other words, the income tax would remain much more  progressive.   The Big 6 framework provides the tools to do a middle-income tax  reduction, including nearly doubling the standard deduction, reducing  the current 15-percent rate to 12 percent, and significantly increasing  the child tax credit. The framework also grants significant leeway to  the Finance Committee and the Ways and Means Committee to explore  additional options to ensuring middle-income tax relief.   In addition to being a benefit that overwhelmingly goes to the  wealthy, the State and local tax deduction also has the effect of  disproportionately benefiting States with high State and local taxes.  Essentially, the deduction allows wealthy individuals in high-tax  States to then offload some of their State and local tax burdens onto  taxpayers in other States.   This new chart lists the top 10 States that benefit the most from the  State and local tax deduction. The States are listed, and we can see  the extent to which they benefit from it. We see we have New York at  the top, a little lower is California, and a little bit below that is  Massachusetts. It would seem to me that our Democratic colleagues like  to talk a big game about eliminating loopholes for the wealthy, but  when it comes down to actually doing it, they are more interested in  holding on to a tax subsidy that favors the tax-and-spend policies of  overwhelmingly blue States.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Massachusetts.   