 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, it is good to be on the floor with my friend and  colleague from Florida to speak in support of H.R. 3329, an important  bipartisan effort brought forward by Chairman Royce and Ranking Member  Engel, an important measure to further combat Hezbollah's terrorist  activity.   We made great strides 2 years ago when we passed the Hezbollah  International Financing Act, which has already begun to sever the  terror group  [[Page H8191]]  from its funding sources. However, it is clear that more needs to be  done.   The new bill will further restrict Hezbollah's ability to recruit and  fundraise by targeting foreign state sponsors, including Iran, while  also increasing pressure on banks and other international financial  institutions that serve Hezbollah.   It is important to remember why it is in America's interest to combat  Hezbollah terrorism. Not that anyone here or at home needs a reminder,  we all remember, or we have all learned about, the 1983 attacks in  Beirut on our Embassy and the Marine Corps barracks that killed  hundreds of Americans; the attacks in Argentina on the Israeli Embassy  in 1992, and the AMIA Jewish center in 1994 that, in total, killed over  100 more; the 1996 Khobar Towers bombing in Saudi Arabia; and more  recent attacks in Europe, including the 2012 bus bombing of Israeli  tourists in Bulgaria.   But it has been Hezbollah's support for the horrific Assad regime in  Syria that has led even Arab governments in the region to acknowledge  Hezbollah's dangerous role as an Iranian terror proxy. Last year, the  Gulf Cooperation Council and the Arab League took the dynamic step of  designating Hezbollah as a terrorist organization.   Yet, even while Hezbollah is focused on the war in Syria, its leader,  Hassan Nasrallah, continues to vow Israel's destruction, a threat  Israel's leaders don't take lightly, given two previous wars and  intelligence suggesting Hezbollah now has over 150,000 missiles and  rockets in Lebanon aimed at every corner of Israel's map.   In a future war, Israeli defense officials fear that Hezbollah will  launch over a thousand rockets a day with the capacity to hit civilians  in Israel's north, across Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, and even in the  southernmost city, Eilat.   This is made all the more troubling by reports that Iran, in addition  to transferring advanced precision-guided missiles to Hezbollah, is now  helping the terror group set up indigenous missile development  facilities in both Syria and Lebanon.   These are unacceptable developments. They underscore the importance  of today's legislation: cut off Hezbollah's most critical sources of  funding and support, including from its primary sponsor, Iran.   I am proud to support this bipartisan legislation, and I urge my  colleagues to support it as well.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Florida for her  tireless leadership in standing up for all those pushing back against  Iran's influence in the region, Iran's support for Hezbollah, and  specifically here, cutting off sources of funding for Hezbollah.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 359.   I would first like to thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel  for their leadership on the committee in bringing this resolution  forward. I would like to thank my friend from Florida, Congressman  Bilirakis, for working with me on this resolution. I thank as well  Chairman Ros-Lehtinen for her leadership on the subcommittee and  ensuring that we have the opportunity to move forward together.   Mr. Speaker, in 2013, almost exactly 1 year after a Hezbollah suicide  bomber blew up a bus in Bulgaria, killing mostly Israeli tourists, the  European Union took action to finally designate  [[Page H8193]]  Hezbollah a terrorist organization. However, they only designated what  they called Hezbollah's military wing as a terror group and not its  political wing.   The United States has been clear that this was a false distinction  then and it remains a false distinction today. Hezbollah is one unified  terrorist organization, and it is led by the terrorist, Hassan  Nasrallah. It is one unified Hezbollah that is responsible for the  horrific acts of terror against Europeans, Americans, Israelis, and  others across the Middle East and around the globe.   It is one unified Hezbollah that has helped prop up the Assad regime,  and it is complicit in the death of half a million Syrians and the  dissolving of a once thriving nation. So this one unified Hezbollah  should be designated as a terrorist organization so we can increase  international cooperation to isolate and dismantle this group.   This morning, Mr. Speaker, the Middle East and North Africa  Subcommittee held a hearing on next steps for our Iran policy. There, I  noted that 2 days ago we marked a solemn anniversary, because 34 years  ago, on October 23, two Hezbollah suicide bombers blew themselves up at  the Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, killing over 300 U.S. and French  servicemembers, peacekeepers, and civilians. That attack, like so many  of Hezbollah's deadly terrorist activities over the past several  decades, was sponsored and directed by Iran.   While our Nation built a memorial honoring the victims of that  attack, Tehran built a monument honoring the perpetrators of that  attack. A full EU designation of Hezbollah now would help demonstrate  Europe's commitment to cracking down on Iran's use of proxy terror  groups, destabilizing the region, and attacking Western interests.   Now, I understand that the EU has legal concerns about this  designation since Hezbollah has infiltrated Lebanon's political system.  However, I would just offer this observation. The terrorist  organization Hamas operates as a political party in Gaza, yet the EU  still rightly lists the entirety of Hamas as a terror organization.  That has not impacted their ability to support Gaza reconstruction,  just as designating Hezbollah would not prevent them from supporting  Syrian refugees in Lebanon.   Last year, the Gulf Cooperation Council and the Arab League both  designated Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. They made no  distinction between the military and political wing, despite Lebanon  being a member of the Arab League. I hope the EU took note of that.    I thank the Speaker for bringing this resolution to the floor so that  my colleagues can join me in sending an important message to our  European friends and allies. More can be done to counter the Iranian  proxy Hezbollah, and that begins with calling them what they are, a  terrorist organization committed to the destruction of Israel and  undermining the values and interests of the United States.   Our EU friends must acknowledge as well the values and interests of  Europe. The world knows that Hezbollah is a terrorist group. It is time  for the European Union to end its false distinction and join us in  designating all of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. I urge my  colleagues to support this resolution and to send them that message.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to Chairman Royce, Ranking  Member Engel, Chairman Ros-Lehtinen, Congressman Bilirakis, and to my  colleagues on the Foreign Affairs Committee and other Members for their  work on the three measures today aimed at curbing the terrorist group  Hezbollah.   The measures that we are advancing today represent smart and tough  approaches that will respond to Hezbollah and its enablers, and will  build stronger international support for this important effort. This  measure and the others that we have considered today are a great  example of the way that we can work across the aisle to help keep our  country safe. I urge a ``yes'' vote on this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, that is very kind, but I am happy to yield  to my friend from Florida, so I yield back the balance of my time.   