 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2213,  the Anti-Border Corruption Reauthorization Act of 2017.   This legislation aims to address a staffing issue that has plagued  the United States Customs and Border Patrol for many years.   H.R. 2213 would add the option to waive the polygraph test for a  select few individuals who have already successfully taken and passed a  similar polygraph test in the past. These individuals are veterans,  members of our Armed Forces, or law enforcement officers with clean  records and years of honorable service.   A veteran with secret clearance and an honorable discharge, 3 years  of service, and a tier 5 background check is someone I would hold in  high regard and exempt from an unnecessary polygraph.   I would not be in favor of this bill if it was exempting a polygraph  test to the general public. This is a special group--our veterans and  our law enforcement.   This legislation would not change the United States Customs and  Border Patrol requirements for background checks or interviews. Customs  and Border Patrol would still have their candidates undergo the regular  battery of tests and checks. Customs and Border Patrol would still ask  a candidate who waived the polygraph under these proposed changes to  take the examination. This bill will not lower the standards for entry.  Rather, the flexibility it provides would prevent potential bottlenecks  in the hiring pipelines and eliminate redundancy.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to appease the concerns of several of my  colleagues and say that this is not about building up a deportation  force. Mr. Speaker, I would like to reaffirm that this legislation  exclusively applies to Customs and Border Patrol, and it will not  change the hiring procedures for Immigration and Customs Enforcement.  This bill is about ensuring the agency hires only the best and the most  honorable candidates. This bill is about providing employment and  advancement opportunities for our servicemembers and law enforcement  and creating job opportunities for those living in our border  communities and border States.   Mr. Speaker, I also live in a border community, and I support this  bill.   