 Mr. President, I commend my colleague from Pennsylvania,  who is putting forth a powerful message about our values, and that is  that every child in America should have access to healthcare, and no  one in this Chamber should vote in a process or for a bill that  eviscerates that coverage. In fact, our value is that no one in  America, including our adults, including our older Americans, including  our seniors, and including our children for sure--everyone should have  access to affordable healthcare and never have the stress of being  worried that if their loved one gets sick, they might not receive the  care they need. They should never have the stress of concern that their  family member might go bankrupt because they need medical care. It is  that value which we are here tonight fighting for, and it is that value  which the Republican bill will destroy, ripping healthcare away from  millions of Americans. So we come here tonight with a battle cry, and  that cry is: No hearing, no vote. No hearing, no vote.   We are a democratic republic. We are a legislative Chamber. Have  Members of this Chamber forgotten that we are a ``we the people'' form  of government where the people are in charge? The people are not in  charge if a secret 13 group of Senators is hiding in the basement  crafting a bill to rip healthcare away from millions of people. The  people are not in charge if they are afraid to show their bill to  everyday Americans. They are not in charge if they are planning to  destroy healthcare so those with preexisting conditions can't gain  access to care.   Never have we seen a group in the majority so against the fundamental  principles of our democratic Republic, so against the ``we the people''  vision of our Constitution, and that is why we are calling on them to  stop, rethink, remember, absorb the values embedded in our beautiful  ``we the people'' Constitution. They want no public disclosure--fear of  how the public will respond. They want no committee hearings--fear of  how the people in America will respond. They want no committee  amendments because that will take time in which the people can see what  is going on and respond. And they want no substantial floor  consideration in order to shove this through so they can go and  celebrate the Fourth of July with their constituents, while having  eviscerated the Constitution of the United States in the process of  attending that Fourth of July gathering.   This has been called the vampire bill, the Republican vampire bill.  Why? Because the writers of it, the secret 13 writers, are afraid for  the bill to see the light of day. It is hiding in the darkness. And it  is called the vampire bill because its general intent is to suck the  life out of the healthcare system for struggling families, suck the  life out of the healthcare system for working families and for middle- class families.   This is quite different from the consideration when we created the  system that we have now back in 2009. In that year, in the HELP  Committee--Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee--there were  47 hearings, roundtables, and walkthroughs, a markup that went for more  than a month--the longest markup in that committee in the history of  the United States of America; a markup that considered over 300  amendments; a markup with, in fact, a group of Senators, bipartisan,  sitting around the table with the television cameras rolling while they  debated those amendments and voted on those amendments. And in that  committee, they accepted or approved by vote more than 100 minority  amendments.   Then there is the Finance Committee, which held 53 hearings and  roundtables. In fact, the minutes of the roundtable are available, and  if you want to print them out and read them, they go for 800 pages-- just the roundtable minutes. And then they had their own Finance  Committee markup, where they considered 135 amendments. Then the bill  came to the floor in December 2009, and there was 25 days of debate on  the floor.   Let's compare that to the plan of the majority leader and the secret  13. Well, how many hearings do they want? They want zero in the HELP  Committee. How many hearings do they want in the Finance Committee?  They want zero. How many Democratic amendments do they want to  consider--or Republican amendments--in the HELP or Finance Committee?  The answer is zero. How much floor time do they want to have? They want  to have just 1 day--just 1 day. They want to introduce it as an  amendment to the House TrumpCare bill and pass it on the same day. And  how many days do they want experts to be able to weigh in on a  healthcare system? Zero. But here is the most important zero of all:  How much time do they want for the American citizens to be able to see  this bill and respond to this bill? They want zero time. That is  completely against all the premises of our responsibility as  legislators. It is against all the fundamental visions of a body that  will deliberate and debate and take into account the opinions of the  people and the insights of the experts.   Well, we can turn the clock back not so long ago to the majority  leader, who said: ``Fast-tracking a major legislative overhaul such as  healthcare reform . . . without the benefit of a full and transparent  debate does a disservice to the American people.'' That was Majority  Leader Mitch McConnell speaking not so long ago. What happened to that  value? That was being said when we had 25 days of debate here  [[Page S3595]]  on the floor; when we had over 100 minority amendments--that is,  Republican amendments--accepted; when we had a lengthy debate in the  Finance Committee and a lengthy debate in the HELP Committee, but the  majority leader wanted more time. Here he is today leading the effort  to have zero input from the American public, zero input from healthcare  experts, zero committee deliberation, zero bipartisan discussion of the  pros and cons.   Well, we can turn to Paul Ryan. What did he think back in 2009? He  said: ``Congress is moving fast to rush through a health care overhaul  that lacks a key ingredient: The full participation of you, the  American people.''   He went on to write: ``Congress and the White House have focused  their public efforts on platitudes and press conferences, while the  substance and the details have remained behind closed doors.''   Well, it was kind of a rewriting of history even at that moment in  time when he said that when there was a record-setting debate in the  HELP Committee, the second longest debate in history in the Finance  Committee, television cameras running the whole time, 100 Republican  amendments adopted, more than 100 meetings and walkthroughs and  roundtables and committee meetings, and 25 days on the floor. But Paul  Ryan said that what it was lacking was full participation of you, the  American people.   Well, if it was lacking in 2009, what do we say about this when the  majority deliberately wants to exclude the American people, when the  American people are standing at the door, when they are standing at the  windows and they are leaning in and saying: What is in this bill? We  want to have a say because it is so important to our families.   And the Republicans are slamming the door, and they are shuttering  the windows and saying: We will not share one word with you because we  know you won't like what we are doing.   That is not the way democracy is supposed to work.   Erin from Portland wrote because she has been diagnosed with diabetes  and is terrified that if the Republican plan goes into effect, she  won't be able to afford coverage because of her preexisting condition.  Jeannette from Portland wrote. She is in her sixties and desperately  waiting to turn 65 and qualify for Medicare. She is on the Oregon  Health Plan and terrified that she will lose that plan before she  qualifies for Medicare. The list goes on and on and on.   This weekend, I was out conducting townhall meetings in 4 different  counties of my 36 counties. I go to every county every year. And these  four counties are counties that voted--I am sorry to say-- overwhelmingly against me when I ran for the U.S. Senate and  overwhelmingly against me when I ran for reelection. They are red  counties; they are Republican counties.   Folks came out to my townhalls this weekend, and they sent one  message to our Republican leadership in the Senate: We the American  people demand the chance to participate in this debate. It so  profoundly affects our quality of life.   So I carry their messages from Klamath County and from Lake County,  and I carry their messages from Grant County and Wheeler County to the  Republican majority: Listen to the American people. Listen to rural  America. Listen to the families who will be devastated by the plan you  are concocting with the secret 13. It is not right. It is not moral. In  fact, we need to work together to improve healthcare, not to devastate  it.   Thank you, Mr. President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.   