 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1, the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act.   Mr. Speaker, for years, the middle class has been saddled with a  broken Tax Code and low wages. Small businesses have been crushed by  overly complicated rules and a higher tax burden than corporations.   As a result, America has suffered from a self-inflicted uncompetitive  Tax Code, lagging behind the rest of the world both in economic growth  and job creation. Companies have fled for lower tax jurisdictions and  more competitive business environments.   Since the 1986 Tax Reform Act was passed, Washington has continued to  make the Tax Code longer and more complicated, adding special interest  loopholes and industry-specific carve-outs back into the Code year  after year.   This has allowed the Tax Code to dictate business decisions instead  of letting businesses dictate business decisions.   For the first time in 31 years, we are wiping the Tax Code clean and  replacing it with one that is fair and simpler for everyone.   For the better part of my career, I have advocated for a cash-flow  tax system that would allow small businesses to expense 100 percent of  their costs immediately. H.R. 1 contains an expensing provision that  would give businesses the tremendous opportunity to reinvest, allowing  them to grow their businesses and create jobs.   The impacts for the American economy would be huge. Small businesses  across rural California, from the small family-owned farm to the  neighborhood restaurant and any other entrepreneur, deserve a type of  tax system that allows them to create jobs and be able to compete on an  equal footing globally.   Mr. Speaker, before I close, I want to just point out to those in the  audience, those who are watching this, that today you are going to hear  a lot about how Republicans are giving tax breaks to millionaires and  billionaires.   Mr. Speaker, that is always what the left says about the Republicans.  However, you will also hear a lot of talk about people who itemize and  SALT deductions and how those are somehow increasing taxes on the  middle class.   The reality of this, Mr. Speaker, is these deductions go to  millionaires and billionaires. So for my friends on the left, you can't  have it both ways. You can't claim that Republicans are giving tax cuts  to millionaires and billionaires when you are attempting to keep the  very tax cuts called SALT, State and local tax deductions, that go to  millionaires and billionaires.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to take this opportunity to thank  Chairman Brady and all my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee.  For years, we have been working on this legislation, but this is a  historic moment. Congress has the opportunity to positively impact  every American by reforming our Tax Code, and I urge my colleagues to  vote ``yes.''    