 Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Illinois for his  hard work, and I thank Mr. Olson for his hard work. They have worked, I  think, tirelessly and in an awfully well-intended way to craft a  balance between the different competing points of view on this whole  issue of ozone.   I know that he is concerned about people's health. I know that he is  concerned about the environment. But on this particular issue, I am  going to respectfully disagree and agree with my Democratic colleagues  to say that I think that the time to act is now, because at some point  there becomes the question: If not now, then when? At some point, delay  moves to the point of obstruction of moving forward on an idea that has  had its different wrinkles, in fairness to my colleague from Illinois.  But at some point, you have to act.   Given the fact that people's health does hang in the balance, given  the fact that there are another 2,000 cases a day of asthma that are  protracted, we need to have a bias for action. I think it is a time for  action.   I think it is reasonable. Moving from 75 to 70 parts per billion is  not exactly a gargantuan change, given what is at play with regard to  health. And finally, simply, I believe it fits with the conservative  philosophy that I believe in. The conservative philosophy says that my  rights end when they begin to infringe upon yours.   This notion of privatizing gain and offsetting costs to the public is  something I think we always have to watch out for when we talk about  this notion of free markets and having them truly work.   I, as a boy, grew up down the creek from a place called Campbell  Creek, and there was a chemical plant that ended up dumping some stuff  in the creek. It turned out not to be so good. It made a lasting  impression on me as a boy. They were externalizing their costs, but  they were internalizing their profits.    Mr. Chair, I think we need to be true to that theme whether we are  talking about air or water or anything else. I think that this bill  fits under that larger description. For that reason, I do say, with all  due respect for the hard work that has been done, that it is time to  act on this particular bill.   