 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  North Carolina.   I want to talk to America today about the Hearing Protection Act.  Consequences of firearms exposure: Noise-induced hearing loss is a  major health problem for hunters and recreational shooters.   Now, I started hunting at an early age with my father; and in the  field and hunting activities, I learned a lot about life, a lot about  myself. Most importantly, I got time to spend with my father, who has  now passed away.   But we enjoyed the outdoors generally in the shooting sports, whether  that was over a brace of bird dogs, quail hunting, shooting doves,  hunting ducks, or deer hunting. And I can tell you, with my own  experience, that firing multiple firearms--shotguns, rifles, handguns-- risks your hearing health.   Men and women in our United States military experience hearing loss  or tinnitus. That is a large expenditure for the VA. Tinnitus accounts  for around 1.45 million disability-related instances for veterans. The  most prevalent disability compensations are based on that.   So what can we do about it?   Well, there is an apparatus, a firearm accessory, that you can add to  a firearm to muffle or suppress that sound. It is commonly called a  suppressor or a silencer, but it does anything but silence a weapon.    America, you need to realize that Hollywood has glorified suppressors  for firearms. You can see it in your mind--James Bond taking out his  concealed weapon that he couldn't conceal with a suppressor on it  because the suppressor adds another 8 inches to the length of the  barrel--screwing the suppressor on to commit a crime.   Hollywood has made you believe that that suppressor silences that  weapon when, in actuality, a suppressor on any sort of firearm drops  the decibels about 30 decibels. Most firearms would be louder than a  jackhammer, and no one would say that a jackhammer is silent.   So we have got a bill that would allow suppressors to be sold, like  they are sold in Europe, but with a little more American restrictions.  In Europe, as restrictive as their gun laws are, you can go to the  hardware store and buy a suppressor across the counter, just like you  could buy a scope, a sling, or a magazine for a deer rifle. It is  gentlemanly to hunt or shoot in Europe with a suppressed weapon to keep  the sound down, but it doesn't silence it, as we mentioned before.   Depending on the caliber of ammunition, a typical hunting rifle is  160 to 180 decibels--suppressed would be about 125 to 145 decibels.   The bill we have would allow you to go in and purchase a suppressor  from your Federal firearm license-holder, do a background check, just  like you have to go through to purchase the firearm itself--background  check, and purchase a suppressor to help the hunting and the hearing  health of the hunters and the shooting sports enthusiasts across the  country.   I hope we can get this bill passed to help the hearing health of so  many people in America and dispel all the rumors. I thank the gentleman  for letting us speak to the American people tonight.   