 Mr. President, guns kill 36,000 Americans every year.  That's nearly 100 Americans every day.   To help address this scourge of violent death, Congress enacted the  Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act in 1993. The Brady Act required  the Attorney General to establish the National Instant Criminal  Background Check System, or NICS, to determine whether Federal law  prohibits a potential buyer from getting a gun.   Following the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007, which left 33 dead,  President George W. Bush signed into law the NICS Improvement  Amendments Act to improve the national background check system. The  Virginia Tech shooter was able to buy a gun because the background  check system did not include information about his mental health.   The prohibition on buying a gun now applies to people who, as a  result of their mental condition, have been determined to pose a danger  to themselves or others or lack the capacity to manage their own  affairs. The Social Security Administration proposed its rule to meet  the requirements to strengthen the background check system in the 2007  NICS Improvement Amendments Act.   The Social Security Administration's rule defined Social Security  disability beneficiaries who are have a mental impairment and need  another person --known as a ``representative payee''--to handle the  receipt of their benefits to fall within the category of those  [[Page S1169]]  who lack the capacity to manage their own affairs. Importantly, these  determinations would be subject to judicial review. The rule is not a  perfect fit, but it is an appropriate one.   I have heard from some disability rights advocates that this rule may  be unduly broad and might prohibit too many people from owning a gun. I  am sensitive to the concerns of people with disabilities. It is wrong  to stigmatize people with mental disabilities as the cause of gun  violence. And people with disabilities, like all Americans, have  important rights under the Second Amendment. I would be open to changes  to the rule that would make appeals from determinations easier to make,  and I would be open to other ways to better identify people who are a  danger to themselves or others or lack the capacity to manage their own  affairs.   A resolution to disapprove the rule under the Congressional Review  Act, however, is not the right way to get to a better result. If  Congress enacts the resolution of disapproval, then the law would  prohibit the Social Security Administration from writing a better rule  in its place.   Better still, Congress could enact sensible gun legislation. But  instead of working with Democrats to improve the law, Republicans have  chosen to use the blunt instrument of the Congressional Review Act to  repeal the rule. Using the Congressional Review Act is far from the  most precise way to address this problem.   The powerful gun lobby has prevented Republicans in Congress from  supporting common sense legislation that most Americans favor. The  overwhelming majority of Americans believe in universal background  checks and that guns should be kept out of the hands of people who have  been determined to pose a risk or are unable to manage their affairs.  Repealing the Social Security Administration's rule would go in the  opposite direction. Enacting this resolution of disapproval will only  make it harder to keep American communities safe, and thus I oppose the  resolution.   