 Mr. President, thank you for the opportunity to speak on  the floor.   The images and stories we have witnessed in the aftermath of  Hurricanes Harvey and Irma are devastating. I want to thank every  American and every Montanan who has pitched in,  [[Page S5268]]  who has volunteered, who has donated to help the recovery efforts in  Texas and Florida.   I rise today to remind the country there is another devastating and  ongoing natural disaster that is impacting thousands of families,  costing taxpayers billions of dollars, and draining local economies. As  the eyes of the Nation were on Florida this weekend--and rightfully  so--Montana wildfires consumed another 150,000 acres.   To date, we have seen over 1.1 million acres burned in Montana this  summer. This is more than three times the 10-year average and nearly  the size of the State of Delaware. The impact is widespread.   The wildfires have burned farming and grazing land that is used to  help feed this country and valuable timber that sustains good jobs in  mills across the State. The 1.1 million acres we lost includes world- class hunting, fishing, and hiking land, where families can escape and  grandparents can take their grandkids to their favorite fishing hole.  The fires have consumed favorite hiking trails and public access sites  that help drive our outdoor economy in our State, which sustains over  70,000 jobs a year in Montana alone. The smoke from these fires has put  our health at risk--the health of our kids and our neighbors exposed to  the smoke that covers the State of Montana.   In addition to burning nearly 2,000 square miles, these fires are  burning a hole in our budget. As of this morning, taxpayers have paid  nearly $350 million to fight the wildfires of Montana alone. Across the  West, that number is well over $2 billion. To make matters worse, the  Forest Service is borrowing $300 million from other accounts to help  fight wildfires. The Forest Service is forced to rob Peter to pay  Paul--money that should be used to prevent fire seasons, maintain and  improve forest trails and roads, research and development for better  forest management policies, and to fund the work that must get done to  make our forests more resilient--I am talking about thinning, cutting,  removing debris. The Forest Service is also spending money that should  be used to mitigate wildfire risk to fight fire.   Yes, you heard me correctly. We have again entered into a vicious  cycle, where we take money from wildfire mitigation and the  preparedness accounts in order to pay for the fighting of wildfires  that exist today. Each year, we spend more money to fight wildfires,  which leaves less money to prevent wildfires. Now, this is nothing new.  Fire borrowing is a trend we have seen for the last 20 years. With each  passing year, as fire seasons get longer and more intense, our fire  borrowing practice leaves an entire agency with almost no budget  certainty or flexibility to complete its core mission. Congress has  already paid the Forest Service more than 300 million additional  dollars to fight fire, but I think we are going to blow well past that  number. That might be enough for Montana alone, but we also need to be  able to help the firefighters in California, Montana, Oregon,  Washington, Idaho, and across the West.   In the meantime, forest management on the ground is hamstrung, and we  have no long-term fix for this problem. As a result, we are investing  less in active forest management, which then leaves our forests even  more vulnerable to catastrophic wildfires. Frankly, the Forest Service  is becoming a firefighting agency, not a forest management agency.   When the fire season ends, our restorative work begins but only if  there is money in the bank to do that restorative work. I am concerned  that without immediate action from Congress, the Forest Service's  hollowed-out budget will not provide adequate resources to restore  streams and prepare for spring runoffs. If the Forest Service budget  leaves Forest Service employees handcuffed this fall, our clean water,  along with our blue-ribbon trout streams, will be put at risk, but that  isn't all. The impact of this fire season has been felt far beyond our  forests.   This devastating fire season has undercut Montana's employees and put  jobs at risk. I have heard from small business owners who have seen  their bottom line slashed during this fire season. A bad fire launches  a ripple effect in the region that results in empty booths at the  family restaurants and vacant rooms at local motels.   Wildfires have left our air quality so hazardous that school recesses  have been canceled, high school football and soccer games have been  moved hundreds of miles away, and folks wear breathing masks when they  go pick up their mail.   Farmers and ranchers have lost infrastructure to fire, and extreme  drought transformed a very promising spring into an underwhelming  harvest. These impacts are real, and unfortunately they are not  temporary. Folks in Montana will be dealing with the impacts of this  recordbreaking fire season for many months and, in some cases, many  years to come.   As Congress works again to get Florida and Texas the help they  deserve, I am here to ensure that Montanans get the resources they need  too. Here is what this Senate and Congress must do.   The Forest Service must be fully reimbursed for every dime they  remove from maintenance, mitigation, and restoration accounts to fight  wildfires. To repeat, the Forest Service must be fully reimbursed for  every dime that was removed from maintenance, mitigation, and  restoration accounts to fight wildfires. Why? We cannot leave the  Forest Service with a hollowed-out budget. It is critical they have the  resources they need to help communities recover from catastrophic  wildfires. The Forest Service must have the tools to go through a  public process so we can cut more trees and remove the dead and dying  debris that fueled these fires.   Congress must pass legislation to end the broken way we fund  wildfires so we can treat wildfire funding just like the natural  disaster it is.   The third thing is, every small business and family farm or ranch in  Montana that has suffered loss related to wildfires must have urgent  access to the available resources at the Small Business Administration  and at the USDA. I have personally contacted the administration to  ensure that resources remain available for Montanans because our needs  don't end after the wildfires are put out.   The fourth thing is, the Senate must fast-track legislation that  provides local governments the additional resources and mitigation  efforts they need to recover from these wildfires. I am working on a  bill with other western Senators to ensure States like Montana and  other States impacted by devastating wildfires have access to adequate  recovery resources.   Finally, after a month of recordbreaking hurricanes and historic  drought and wildfires, it is long past time for the Senate to have an  honest debate about climate change. Back home in Montana, we are in the  middle of September and there are still 21 priority fires burning and  there are still many Montanans who need help.   So over the coming weeks and months, as we take steps to recover from  other natural disasters around the country, we need to work together to  not only help those in desperate need but also move forward with long- term solutions, solutions that will help us deal with the catastrophes,  whether it is floods, hurricanes, droughts, or wildfires. If we are  able to work together and get that done, we will indeed have done our  job in the U.S. Senate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   