 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 21, the Midnight Rules  Relief Act.   This irresponsible legislation would enable Congress to wipe out  hundreds, or even thousands, of regulations enacted during the final  year of the President's term in office, in one fell swoop, with little  examination, no deliberation, and little regard to their impact on  public health or safety.   Members from both sides of the aisle have expressed concern in recent  years over rules adopted during a Presidential transition period-- typically, the last 60 to 90 days of the President's term. But this  legislation differs greatly from previous legislation that I and others  have introduced in the past to deal with this problem.   For example, the Midnight Rule Act, which I introduced in the 110th  and 111th Congresses, would have merely delayed the implementation of  rules submitted to Congress within the final 90 days of a President's  term, with appropriate exceptions for imminent threat to health and  safety, enforcement of criminal laws, implementation of an  international trade agreement, and national security.   This proposal was a response to concerns with last-minute rulemaking  under the George W. Bush administration, which was roundly criticized  at the time for allowing insufficient time for public comment, ignoring  public comments, and otherwise departing from accepted rulemaking  practices.   My bill would have given an incoming President 90 days to determine  if any rules issued should not go forward. This measure would have  allowed legitimate regulatory reform to proceed on schedule while  putting the power to review and overturn controversial new rules into  the hands of the newly elected administration.   The legislation before us today, however, goes much further and  creates a process to simply erase the last months of an outgoing  administration's regulatory agenda.   Under the Congressional Review Act, Congress can overturn a  regulation issued by the executive branch through a disapproval  resolution that must be signed by the President. This bill would allow  Congress to package these disapproval resolutions together and  eliminate dozens, hundreds, or even thousands, of regulations all at  once, with little debate over the merits of any individual rule.   Under the CRA, agencies would be prevented from proposing similar  rules ever again, absent explicit congressional authorization. You  would have a rule terminated with no debate because it is one of a  thousand rules done away with in one resolution. You can't even look at  it again.   The Republican majority has waged an all-out assault on the  regulatory process, trying to add hurdle after hurdle on the ability to  issue regulations that protect public health and safety. Not content to  grind the gears of rulemaking to a halt, they now want to  eliminate wholesale those regulations that have gone through the  exhaustive rulemaking process--a process that often takes many years to  complete.    Even more concerning, this bill would apply to rules issued in the  last 60 legislative days of a President's  [[Page H77]]  term. Not calendar days, but legislative days.   The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Hultgren). The time of the gentleman has  expired.    Given how little we worked last year, this would mean  that any regulation issued by the Obama administration, stretching back  to June 13, 2016, could be canceled in one sweeping motion, with hardly  any consideration given to the merits of any individual regulation.   Article II of the Constitution provides that a President shall serve  a 4-year term. But the Republicans seem to believe that this doesn't  apply to President Obama. Somehow, when he was reelected by broad  majority in 2012, he was given only a 3-year term. The Senate refused  to consider a Supreme Court nominee and, under this bill, his entire  regulatory agenda for the last 6 months could be undone in an instant.   While I am sympathetic to the need for an incoming administration to  review regulations issued in the closing days of an outgoing  administration, this bill goes much further and allows for a rushed and  partisan process that could undermine critical health and safety  regulations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this irresponsible and  dangerous legislation.   