 Mr. President, it is always such a privilege to come to  the floor and hear Senator Isakson, of Georgia, speak, as he speaks so  eloquently. He comes here and makes perfect points. He was talking  about the tax system looking to the future. What we have is a tax  system that looks backward, regrettably. A number of years ago, we had  a Treasury Secretary named Bill Simon, who said: ``The Nation should  have a tax code that looks like someone designed it on purpose.'' That  is what we are trying to do now--have a Tax Code that looks like it was  designed on purpose.  [[Page S6311]]    The person who really understood this was Ronald Reagan. As we take a  look at tax proposals, it is not about taxes; it is about much more-- about a better life for the American people. Ronald Reagan said that  tax reform is the door to a bigger future and, I would add, to a  brighter future. He said it was the door to a future as big and hopeful  and full of heart as the American dream. That is what we are talking  about here today, a bright, big future, as big and bright as the  American dream. That is what we are aiming at with this plan, a big and  hopeful future for all Americans.   It all starts with increasing the amount of money Americans get to  keep in their pockets as a result of their hard-earned paycheck  dollars. That is the most important thing. That is what families are  concerned about. That is what I hear about every weekend in Wyoming.  Under the outline the Republicans have proposed, every working man and  woman in this country will be better off. That is our goal, to make  everyone better off and to make the country better off, more  prosperous, with a strong, healthy economy. That is what we are hearing  about today on the floor and what we heard about from the Senator from  Georgia.   When we cut the amount of money people have to pay in taxes, it is  essentially like giving them a raise. That is what this is about,  giving people a raise. We want working people to keep more of their  hard-earned money. One of the ways you can do that, which is very  popular, is by doubling the standard deduction. It is easy math to do.  The current standard deduction is around $12,000 for a couple who files  jointly. The Republican proposal doubles it to $24,000. That means the  first $24,000 of a couple's income will not be taxed at all.   Beyond that, we are going to reduce the number of tax brackets.  People will like that. It is so complicated, the system we have now. We  will move people into lower brackets. Isn't that what we are trying to  do? Yes, it is. If you used to be in a bracket and paid 25 percent,  there is a pretty good chance that a significant amount of your income  is going to be moved down to the 12-percent range. For most people,  that is like getting a big raise when they take a look at their  paychecks at the end of the week. That is what Republican tax relief  looks like.   The second thing we want to do is to actually make it a lot simpler.  We talked about lowering the number of brackets, making it simpler for  everyone who does their taxes. The instructions you get now from the  IRS for the 1040 tax form are 106-pages long, and that is if you just  limit yourself to the instructions. Remember that there are 15  different worksheets to fill out just so you can fill out your 1040  form. When more people take the standard deduction, they can save a lot  of time and not have to go to the 15 worksheets and the 106 pages of  instructions. They get that standard deduction, which has now doubled,  making it a lot easier, with a lot less time having to be spent on  taxes.   What else are we going to do?   We want to cut out a lot of the loopholes and complicated rules so  most people will be able to just fill out a form on a single page.  Think of the hours that is going to save families--the millions and  millions of hours--when you multiply it across the country. Plus, think  of the stress people will not have to be living under in their  wondering if they actually followed the instructions properly. When you  call the IRS help line, you get different answers from different people  with whom you talk. It is hard to get a single answer because the  complicated system makes it hard to get the answer right. So you end up  with the expense of hiring lawyers, tax accountants, and people who can  help you navigate a complicated system.   People are looking for simpler lives, more free time, and more money  of their own they can keep, not complicated government forms so the  government takes more of their money. There is a lot of room for us to  improve the simplicity of the tax system and the actual challenges that  come from filling out the forms.   The third thing we want to do with the plan, of course, is to get the  economy growing faster so it is a strong and healthy economy, with more  prosperity and higher take-home pay in the paychecks. With that, you  will actually get an economy that creates more jobs and has more people  working, which is a big part of tax reform. It is a direct benefit for  American families. When you cut taxes on small businesses, they can  afford to hire more people or they can use the extra money to pay their  workers more. There is a lot that can be done to reach that level of  prosperity--in individual paychecks as well as in having more people in  the workforce.   Under the outline the Republicans released last week, the top rate  for most small businesses is going to drop from almost 40 percent down  to 25 percent, allowing the businesses to pass on those savings to  their customers and the savings to their employees. Larger businesses  are going to get a tax break too. The idea is to lower taxes for  everyone.   When you take a look at it from a business owner's standpoint, 70  percent of the cost of corporate taxes actually does not get paid by a  corporation; it gets paid by the people who work for those businesses.  If we cut taxes, more of that money is going to go to the workers. You  will have higher wages, better benefits, and more jobs, and businesses  will actually be able to lower their prices. Every time there is a tax  increase, a business has to raise the cost of a product to be able to  collect that tax and send it to the government. I would rather have  that money go into the pockets of the people who are shopping in the  store or using that business rather than into the pocket of the Federal  Government.   Senator Isakson was talking about something called repatriation and  the amount of money businesses are taxed that do some business  overseas. If we can cut the taxes they pay on the money they earn  overseas, it means those businesses can bring back that money to the  United States and spend it here. How much is it? Right now, about $2.6  trillion is sitting overseas because those businesses get taxed twice-- once on the business done overseas and then once on the business done  when they bring those profits back to the United States. When we get  that money back, that is going to help grow the economy here as well.  It makes sure the American Tax Code ought to be helping American  businesses and the American economy, not helping foreign countries. We  need to get that money back and put it to work in the United States.   Those are all of the things the Republicans are proposing. It means  more money in the pockets of American workers, and it means simpler  taxes and more jobs for American workers. Isn't that what we are  looking for? Isn't that what prosperity means for America? Isn't that  what a healthy economy means--job growth and the sort of things that  happen when we get the kind of tax reform we have proposed?   I want to address one other thing I have heard over the past couple  of days as our plan has come out. I have heard some Members on the  other side of the aisle say that under the Republican plan, certain  people will win more than others. Under the Republican plan, the goal  is for everyone to win. The American economy will win. When we have a  growing economy, people keep more of their hard-earned money. That is  the goal. That is why the President and the Republicans in Congress  wanted to take up tax relief right now in the first place. We need to  do this to help all American families.   This gets back to Ronald Reagan, in that tax reform--tax reductions,  tax relief--means a big and hopeful future for all Americans. That  should be the goal. It should be the goal of every Member of the U.S.  Senate. It should be the goal of every American. We want to make taxes  fairer and simpler and lower for everyone.   There are too many people in Washington right now who want to use  America's tax laws to punish or reward one group of Americans or  another. Too many people in Washington want to use this debate over tax  reform to stir up conflict and resentment. We hear it already in the  Democrats' talking points. There are some Democrats in this Senate who  think that is good politics. Well, it is terrible policy and terrible  for the direction of our country and economy.    The tax plan the Republicans have released this last week does  nothing to  [[Page S6312]]  change who bears the burden of taxes in the country. People who are  fortunate and have high incomes will pay their fair share; people who  make less will pay less. That is how the Tax Code is spread today.  Nothing in this plan changes that.   We have a lot of work ahead of us. We have to figure out the exact  income levels for each of the tax brackets and the size of some of the  tax credits families get. These are all important details. That is the  kind of debate we are going to be having--the markup on the budget and  the mathematics of the tax bill coming through committee.   I am so grateful to Senator Hatch and members of the Finance  Committee for all of the hard work they will be putting into this over  the next several weeks.   I will refer back to the quote of the Treasury Secretary, Bill Simon,  who said: ``The nation should have a tax code that looks like someone  designed it on purpose.'' This is our chance. We need to make sure we  take full advantage of it.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Dakota.   