 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I am honored to come to the floor today  to express my support for the President's nominee to the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, Judge Ralph Erickson.   Judge Erickson is a longtime North Dakotan and has been a tremendous  public servant in his current capacity as Federal district court judge  in Fargo, ND. He has made our State proud, and I am confident he will  be an excellent addition to the Eighth Circuit Court.   Judge Erickson has a distinguished legal career which spans over two  decades. After working in private practice for 10 years, he served as a  magistrate judge for Cass County and then as a State district judge for  the East Central Judicial District Court. In 2003, Judge Erickson was  nominated by President George W. Bush to the U.S. District Court for  the District of North Dakota and was quickly confirmed by the Senate  unanimously.   Throughout his tenure, Judge Erickson has demonstrated deep respect  for the Constitution and the rule of law. His judicial experience  ranges from overseeing routine civil cases to cases involving extreme  criminal violence. Throughout all of these cases, Judge Erickson  practiced a measured and prudential legal approach that is necessary  for a position on the second highest court in the United States.   Judge Erickson has also proved to be a champion for Indian Country.  He serves as the Chair of the Tribal Issues Advisory Group on the  United States Sentencing Commission, where he works to preserve Tribal  sovereignty. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I  believe Judge Erickson's expertise on this issue will be a valuable  asset to the Eighth Circuit Court.   Madam President, part of our duty as Senators is to evaluate the  qualifications of the President's appointees and to vote on their  nominations accordingly. This is a responsibility that I take very  seriously, and I have no doubt that if confirmed, Judge Erickson will  be an excellent circuit judge. I am honored to be here to support his  nomination and to urge my colleagues to vote yes.    I would also like to note that in the Gallery today we have his  daughter Elizabeth joining us. I think it is wonderful that she could  be here to see her father's confirmation vote. She is a sophomore at  Catholic University and just an outstanding young person, and there is  no doubt that she is extremely proud of her father today. So it is  wonderful to welcome her here for this momentous occasion.   With that, Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   Under the previous order, all time having expired, the question is,  Will the Senate advise and consent to the Erickson nomination?   The yeas and nays have been ordered.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.   