 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Strengthening  Oversight of Iran's Access to Finance Act introduced by my good friend,  the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Williams).   Since the seizure of the U.S. Embassy and the taking of 66 American  hostages during the 1979 revolution, Iran has taken a long view on its  global ambition, supporting terrorist proxies like Hamas, Hezbollah,  and the Houthis in Yemen.   From 1983, when Iran-supported Hezbollah bombed a U.S. Marines  barracks in Lebanon, killing 243 servicemembers, to the killing of over  500 soldiers in Iraq by the elite Quds Force leader, Qasem Soleimani,  Iran has earned its reputation as the world's leading state sponsor of  terrorism.   Most recently, Iran Air, an Iranian state-owned airline, was  sanctioned by the Treasury Department in 2011 for using its commercial  passenger aircraft to transport weapons to terrorists helping the Assad  regime in Syria and for transporting military cargo to the Islamic  Revolutionary Guard Corps. This is in addition to what the world  already well knows, that the Iranian regime has covered up and lied  about its nuclear program for decades, deceiving international  inspectors, agreeing to intrusive inspections, and then allowing those  inspections to be implemented only provisionally and selectively.   Iran's Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, regularly chants ``Death  to America'' and ultimately calls for the annihilation of the Jewish  people.   In 2015, the Obama administration made a historic mistake by agreeing  to the ill-conceived Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or as it is  also called, the Iran nuclear agreement or JCPOA. The agreement removed  financial sanctions on Iran, enabling greater financial resources for  Iranian-funded terrorism.   Adding insult to injury, later, in 2016, due to the agreement, the  Obama Treasury Department authorized the sale of more than 200 planes  to Iran, the same Iranian airline that was sanctioned in 2011, and the  Department also authorized U.S. banks to finance these transactions.  But there is evidence that the carrier has continued its illicit  behavior.   According to an April 2017 hearing in our subcommittee, Dr. Emanuele  Ottolenghi, a senior fellow at the Foundation for the Defense of  Democracies, testified that Iran Air operated at least 114 flights to  Syria between January 16, 2016, which was Implementation Day of the  JCPOA, and March 30, 2017. These flights are known as weapons resupply  routes and stopovers in Iran with a suspected IRGC logistical hub that  supports airlifts to the Assad regime.   In communications with the committee, Dr. Ottolenghi later confirmed  that Iran Air had run at least 134 such flights between Implementation  Day and May 4, 2017, which means the Iran nuclear agreement facilitated  Iran helping the brutal murderous regime of Assad.   In exchange, what did the United States get out of this?   Only managed access to suspect nuclear sites in which international  inspectors must appeal to Iran, Russia, and China in a bureaucratic  process that takes at least 24 days, during which Iran can remove  anything covert and in violation of the agreement.   International inspectors have also been denied access to military  sites, the most likely places in Iran where illicit nuclear activity is  occurring. But even if the JCPOA was delivering on its core promise of  a denuclearized Iran, the agreement was sold with specific assurance  that the JCPOA would not limit the United States' ability to stop  Iran's nonnuclear activities and their support of terror activities.   Then Secretary of State John Kerry, in defense of the agreement,  selling the  [[Page H9885]]  agreement to Democrats and Republicans in the Congress, testified that:  ``If we catch them funding terrorism, they are going to have a problem  with the U.S. Congress.''   Mr. Speaker, apparently not, because Members of Congress don't have a  problem with this evidence that Iran is funding terrorist proxies and  the Assad regime.   For these reasons, it is imperative that Congress pass the  Strengthening Oversight of Iran's Access to Finance Act, which would  require the Treasury to provide a report to Congress describing these  connections. This is a reporting bill. Even if you support the JCPOA,  you should support congressional oversight.    Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to  the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Heck), a member of the Financial  Services Committee, so he can clear up some of the information that we  just heard.   