 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of and to ask my  colleagues' support for H.R. 2866, the Reducing Unnecessary Barriers  for Relative Foster Parents Act.   I would like to first thank my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania  for his leadership and sponsorship of this bill. I would like to thank  the chair of the Ways and Means Committee, Representative Brady, and  members of the Ways and Means Committee for bringing this bill to the  floor, and I would like to thank my cointroducer of the bill,  Representative Sewell from Alabama, as well, for the work that she has  done in regards to foster care issues over the years.   Every child, Mr. Speaker, deserves a loving home; but when a child's  home is no longer safe, often because of abuse, neglect, or behavioral  issues, children are placed in foster homes. In fact, in 2015, more  than 670,000 American children--16,000 in Pennsylvania, the State,  including in my district, more than 16,000 there have spent time in  foster care.   Countless families across the country are willing and eager to accept  foster children into their homes, and research shows that placement  with relatives is better for the child. Therefore, Federal policy  should make it easier for foster children to be placed with family  members.   Our bill is being considered today on the floor, and again, I ask for  my colleagues' support. When it comes to finding loving homes for  children, this is a bipartisan issue. There are no Republicans or  Democrats, just mothers and fathers, aunts and uncles, and sons and  daughters who believe each child should have a bed to be tucked into at  night in a loving home.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to also note that the following  organizations have expressed support for H.R. 2866: the American  Academy of Pediatrics, the American Congress of Obstetricians and  Gynecologists, Child Welfare League of America, First Focus, March of  Dimes, and the National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners.   Again, I would like to thank Representative Sewell from Alabama for  her work on foster care issues and for her leadership on this bill. We  really appreciate her work.   