 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2581, the  Verify First Act. This legislation is part of our continued focus on  improving the Nation's healthcare system beyond the passage of the  American Health Care Act. The bill ensures those who receive help to  purchase health insurance are truly eligible. What is wrong with that?   Under the Obama administration, an estimated $750 million in tax  credits have been awarded to over 500,000 individuals who were later  determined to be ineligible. For the sake of hardworking Americans  everywhere, we need to be better stewards of taxpayer dollars. That  means verify first.   Why not? The Verify First Act protects taxpayer dollars from waste,  fraud, and abuse under ObamaCare and, in the future, under the American  Health Care Act. This bill is good for taxpayers and good for America's  healthcare future. It is as simple as that.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Department  of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act.   As a grateful nation, we must implement meaningful VA reform. Every  day veterans contact my office seeking assistance in dealing with the  agency. Like many of my colleagues here, I have full-time staff  specifically dedicated to helping veterans with VA casework. I hear  from veterans every day who are waiting for care, waiting for an  answer, or simply waiting to finally be heard and recognized.   These are true American heroes, Mr. Speaker. We must do all we can to  help them. The VA should be rolling out the red carpet for our veterans  and treating them like the heroes they are.   The VA Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is good,  commonsense legislation. If a VA employee is involved in misconduct,  they should be demoted, suspended, or fired--certainly not promoted or  given a bonus. If a VA employee sees misconduct and wants to report it,  they should not fear repercussions.   Of course, the vast majority of VA employees are hardworking and  dedicated professionals. At the end of the day, this bill is about  holding the bad actors accountable and protecting the  [[Page H4893]]  whistleblowers and refocusing the VA on its mission to serve our  Nation's heroes. With the passage of the VA Accountability and  Whistleblower Protection Act, we are turning the page to a fresh start  for the VA.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman Roe for doing such an  outstanding job and also the ranking member for working in a bipartisan  fashion. I appreciate it so very much. This is the way Congress should  operate.   God bless our veterans.   