 Mr. Speaker, let me start by saying thank you to Vice  Chairman Bilirakis; and to our chairman, Dr. Roe; and also to the  ranking member, Sergeant Major Walz from Minnesota. It has been great  to work with them. They have been very helpful with this bill.   I am honored to speak in support of my legislation, H.R. 2601, the  Veterans Increased Choice for Transplanted Organs and Recovery, or  VICTOR, Act.   America owes our veterans every advantage when it comes to receiving  an organ or bone marrow transplant, yet the current VA transplant  policy often runs counter to the medical interest of the patient. There  are only 14 facilities in the Nation where a veteran may receive a  transplant in the VA healthcare system, and none of these facilities  perform all types of transplants.   Timely organ transplants often represent the difference between life  and death. Unfortunately, due to government bureaucracy, our veterans  are often forced to travel hundreds or thousands of miles repeatedly in  order to get the chance to receive a new liver, heart, or kidney. That  travel alone can prove fatal.   Traveling to get a transplant isn't the only obstacle these patients  face. Oftentimes, it is the program itself. The limited size and scope  of the VA transplant program means veterans have a lower chance of  getting a transplant and a greater chance of dying while on the waiting  list.   The VICTOR Act allows veterans who need an organ or bone marrow  transplant through the VA system the ability to access a federally  certified transplant center close to their home if the veteran and  their doctor agree that that is medically safer. It will make it easier  for veterans to access lifesaving medical care by allowing them a  number of ways to qualify for care closer to home.   As a surgeon and as a veteran, I believe this is good medicine and  good public policy. The status quo puts roadblocks in front of veterans  who need lifesaving transplant care, and the VICTOR Act eliminates  these roadblocks and increases access to care our veterans have earned.   