 Mr. President, I have been very interested in the minority  leader's comments here this morning. I have high regard for him. We  have worked together on a wide variety of issues, but I have to say  that he is leading a party right now that is doing completely the  opposite of what Democrats have done in the past when Republicans have  had the Presidency and have had the privilege of appointing people to  the Court. Frankly, it has become kind of a war that we really don't  need and something that literally, I think, is demeaning to the Senate  and to this country.   I venture to say that it would be very difficult for anybody to find  a better nominee for the Supreme Court than Neil Gorsuch. I can't say  that the Heritage Foundation was the one that carried the weight with  regard to the choice of Neil Gorsuch. Now, the Federalist Society did  weigh in rather heavily, and there were around 21 absolutely top judges  and lawyers who were on that list. I venture to say that anybody would  have a very difficult time finding anything to criticize about that  list other than on a partisan basis. Unfortunately for the Democrats,  they lost the election.   Now keep in mind, all the current majority leader was saying was that  we just weren't going to go with a Supreme Court Justice during an  intensely hard-fought Presidential election year. In this century, that  has been the rule.    The majority leader, Senator McConnell, knew that it was very likely,  in the eyes of almost every pollster, that Hillary Clinton would win,  and although he and I believed that nominee was a good, reasonable,  moderate Democrat, we were quite sure that if Hillary got elected, she  would not pick him. We were even working on trying to find a way so  that she would have to pick him rather than pick another totally  leftwing person for the Court.   Unfortunately for the Democrats, Donald Trump proved to be a  formidable candidate for President and won the election and,  interestingly enough, as is his right as President, nominated Neil  Gorsuch for the U.S. Supreme Court.   Whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, I would venture to say  that it would be very difficult to find any candidate for the Supreme  Court in this century who is any better than Neil Gorsuch. Gorsuch is  going to apply the law as written, not as he conjures up his ideas of  what it should be. He is not going to do that. He is going to apply the  law as written. He did that as a circuit court of appeals judge on the  Tenth Circuit, my circuit. You would be hard-pressed to find a better  qualified person. In fact, I do not think you could find a better  qualified person for the Supreme Court than Neil Gorsuch.   So what is all the whining about? They lost the election. They knew  that this was going to be a big deal if they won and that the  Republicans would pretty well have to go along with whomever they  chose, but President Trump won the election, and he has a right to pick  who should go on the Supreme Court. In this case, I think he picked the  most qualified person in the country for the Court. Yes, he is  conservative. Yes, he came up the hard way. Yes, he is not likely to be  a liberal on the Court, but I would have to say that anybody this  President would choose would not likely be a liberal on the Court. In  this case, the President chose one of the leading people in this  country, one of the greatest lawyers in this country, one of the finest  judges in this country, who has a record of working with Democrats on  the bench, to become his choice for the U.S. Supreme Court.   I know what is wrong with the Democrats on this. They lost, and it is  a hard thing for them, and I do not blame them. It is a hard thing  because they were so sure they would control this nominee to the  Supreme Court and probably two to five more had Hillary Clinton been  elected for two terms. But that is not the way the American people  chose to vote.   I commend the American people for realizing that these things are  very important. I have to say, in that last election, probably the  single most important issue that drove it toward Donald Trump was, who  is going to pick the Justices to the U.S. Supreme Court?   Republicans know and President Trump knows that he is not going to be  able to put ideologues on the Court, and Neil Gorsuch is anything but  an ideologue. He is as fine a judge as we have in this country, albeit  conservative in nature. He has as fine an academic background as  anybody on the Court--ever. On top of all of that, he is a terrific  human being, a good husband, father, and a terrific judge on the Tenth  Circuit Court of Appeals.   To be honest with you, I thought it was really nice to have somebody  picked from the West who might bring a western perspective of freedom  into the judicial system, and I have no doubt that Neil Gorsuch will do  that. To make this a big political issue, it seems to me, is beyond the  pale, and it does bother me a great deal.   On another matter, Mr. President, by any measure, our efforts in this  Congress to repeal harmful regulations through the Congressional Review  Act have been historic. Prior to this year, only one CRA resolution-- Congressional Review Act resolution--had ever been passed by Congress  and signed by the President. We are an overregulated country like never  before. This year, we have already successfully rolled back 11  regulations that were proposed and finalized under the previous  administration. That is truly remarkable. I think our success in this  endeavor can be attributed to a few factors.   First, in its last year, the Obama administration was particularly  aggressive in its regulatory efforts. A number of regulations were  finalized after the election, right up until the day President Trump  was inaugurated. In fact, the regulation at issue today was finalized  on January 19, the day before the inauguration. In other words, the  Obama administration left Congress  [[Page S2059]]  and the new administration with a target-rich environment for CRA  resolutions. There is no doubt what they were doing: They were  scrambling to get as many changes as they could instead of allowing the  new administration to take over.   Another important factor has been the realization by the American  people that our economy--our workers, our businesses--is grossly  overregulated. The regulatory state extracts hundreds of billions of  dollars from our economy, much of it needlessly so. These CRA  resolutions are part of a much broader effort to undo some of that  damage.   Today I am pleased to be able to express my support for H.J. Res. 67,  which will likely be the 12th CRA resolution we will pass this year.  This resolution, once passed and signed, will roll back a last-second  Department of Labor regulation that eliminated longstanding Federal  protections for the retirement savings of private sector workers.   Specifically, the regulation builds off of a prior regulation that  gave States a ``safe harbor'' from the protections workers have under  ERISA if the government mandates that employers who do not offer  retirement plans either set one up or join the government plan. These  government-run plans do not have to be portable, nor do they have to  permit workers to withdraw their savings at any time.   The resolution we are debating now would roll back the regulation  that provided this authority to municipalities, such as New York City.  Hopefully, sometime soon, the Senate will also debate and pass the CRA  resolution relating to the original regulation, the one that focused on  States, like California and Illinois.   Combined, these regulations encourage State and municipal governments  to impose conflicting and burdensome mandates on private sector  businesses and to bar private workers' access to their retirement  accounts, and they would let States invest private workers' retirement  assets, ignoring provisions in Federal pension law that require prudent  pension investment practices and that ban kickbacks and self-dealing.  Think about that.   To be blunt, places like New York City should not just get a pass on  investing potentially billions of dollars in private worker retirement  assets without regard to Federal rules that require prudent investment  practices--rules designed to protect the retirement nest eggs of hard- working Americans.   Now, do not get me wrong--I am all for increasing coverage for  employees in workplace retirement programs. In fact, it is something I  have been working on for some time with my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle.   Last Congress, the Senate Finance Committee, which I chair,  unanimously approved the Retirement Enhancement and Savings Act of  2016, which is a bipartisan bill that will increase voluntary  retirement savings. It includes a number of provisions from a bill I  introduced a few years before that, one that received high marks from  analysts and stakeholders in the retirement-security community. My bill  and others like it provide workable, voluntary solutions to give more  workers access to retirement plans. This approach is far better than  the one taken by the Obama administration and former Labor Secretary  Tom Perez, which would purposefully take us down the path toward  government-mandated and government-run retirement plans.   The retirement savings system that has been in place for decades now  is one of the clearest examples we have to demonstrate the superiority  of the free market over government mandates. Private retirement savings  vehicles, including 401(k)s and individual retirement accounts, which  have been encouraged but not mandated by Federal tax laws, have  produced nearly $14 trillion--that is trillion dollars--in wealth and  savings for the middle class.   I know some have concerns about the federalism implications in  rolling back these Department of Labor regulations. However, let's be  clear: Prior to the implementation of these regulations, States were  free to pass laws to encourage retirement savings opportunities for  private sector workers, and they will be free to do so after this CRA  resolution is signed by President Trump. They will simply have to  observe the longstanding rules and protections that have been in place  under Federal pension laws, including the ban on self-dealing and the  duty to invest prudently, and they will not be able to offer plans on  an uneven playing field that favors government retirement plans over  those produced in a free, private sector market.   Unfortunately, I have to wonder why States and municipalities want to  do away with these protections in the first place. I also have to  wonder why they think they will be able to produce better results than  the private retirement savings system, which thus far has been an  unqualified success, benefiting workers and employers alike. I also  have to wonder how some of my colleagues who value consumer financial  protection, as I do, would want to see the continuation of rules that  erode protections for workers and future retirees.   The first step in undoing these harmful regulations is with the  passage of H.J. Res. 67. Toward that end, I urge all of my colleagues  to vote in favor of this resolution.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted  to complete my remarks today.    Mr. President, I want to compliment the distinguished  Senator from Wyoming for the wonderful remarks he has made. They are  right on point.   Last week's Judiciary Committee hearing on Judge Neil Gorsuch's  Supreme Court nomination made two things abundantly clear. The first is  that Judge Neil Gorsuch is a superb, highly qualified nominee. Second,  with the possibility of the first partisan filibuster in the history of  a Supreme Court nominee, I have come to the conclusion that some  Democrats would do almost anything to keep us from having an impartial,  independent judiciary.   As I explained at the start of the hearing last week, qualifications  for judicial service include both legal experience and judicial  philosophy. Legal experience looks at the nominee's past  accomplishments in the law, while judicial philosophy anticipates the  nominee's future judicial service.   Judge Gorsuch's legal experience is among the most impressive that I  have seen in my 40 years on the Judiciary Committee. He is truly an  impressive man. This is no doubt why the American Bar Association  easily and unanimously gave Judge Gorsuch its highest ``well  qualified'' rating, the highest rating it can give. I certainly have  had my differences with the ABA, because at times they appear to let  political or ideological considerations influence their rating. I  mention their rating now because my Democrat colleagues, including  Senators Leahy and Schumer, have called the ABA's rating ``the gold  standard'' for evaluating judicial nominees.   The ABA testified about their rating at last week's hearing,  explaining that they sought input from more than 5,000 people  throughout the legal world who would have personal knowledge about  Judge Gorsuch. That is about as broad a group as I have ever heard of.  They assembled 40 scholars and nationally recognized Supreme Court  practitioners to review his judicial opinions, other writings, and  speeches. The ABA's 1,000-page report concluded that Judge Gorsuch  meets the ``very high standards of integrity, professional competence,  and judicial temperament.''   Editorial boards across America took notice as Judge Gorsuch  demonstrated such qualities to everyone.   The Denver Post said that Judge Gorsuch ``possesses the fairness,  independence, and opened-mindedness necessary to make him a marvelous  addition to the Supreme Court.''   The Detroit News said that Judge Gorsuch ``is proving himself an even  tempered, deeply knowledgeable nominee who should be confirmed by the  Senate.''   The Chicago Tribune said that Judge Gorsuch's critics ``suggest that  they fear Gorsuch won't follow the law, but the opposite is more true.  They fear he will. Gorsuch should be confirmed.''   The second and more important qualification for judicial service is  the nominee's judicial philosophy or his understanding of the power and  proper role of judges in our system of government. This is ground zero  in the conflict over the appointment of judges. America's Founders were  clear about their design for the judicial branch as part of the system  of government they established. Central in this design is the  separation of powers. Government power is divided among three branches  and is supposed to stay that way. As a result, what the legislature  does in making law is designed to be different than what the judiciary  does in interpreting and applying that law. This design for government  is necessary for the liberty that we all enjoy. Change the design and  sacrifice the liberty it makes possible.   Specifically for our purpose today, this design provides the job  description for judges. They interpret and apply written laws such as  statutes and the Constitution to decide cases, and they must do so  impartially, deliberately removing their own views, preferences, or  agendas from the judicial equation. That is exactly the kind of Justice  that Neil Gorsuch will be and has been. Professor Jonathan Turley, a  well-known constitutional law expert, told the Judiciary Committee  that, like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch has a well-defined judicial  philosophy with a record of well-considered writings both as a judge  and as an author. In short, concluded Professor Turley, ``we have a  very good idea of who Judge Gorsuch is and the type of Justice he will  be.'' He will be an impartial Justice who takes the law as he finds it,  applies it objectively to decide cases, and leaves the decision about  changing the law to the people and their elected representatives.   This brings me to the second thing that the Judiciary Committee  hearing revealed last week. I said at the start of the hearing that the  confirmation process reveals the kind of judge that Senators want to  see appointed. And it certainly did. Judge Gorsuch's opponents seem  determined to oppose an impartial and independent judiciary. In fact,  it looks to me like they want the opposite--a judiciary that is partial  and dependent. They want judges to decide cases with deliberate regard  to the parties and with determined attention to the political interests  that their decisions will promote.    This is the 14th Supreme Court confirmation process in which I have  participated, and I cannot remember Senators opposing more strongly the  basic notion that judges must impartially apply the law.   It is important to point out, of course, that Democrats' objection to  judicial independence has, to be charitable, not always been  consistent. In 2009, for example, Senator Schumer introduced Justice  Sonya Sotomayor to the Judiciary Committee for her confirmation  hearing. Senator Schumer was a distinguished member of the committee at  the time. He praised Justice Sotomayor for, as he described it,  carefully applying the law even when it meant ruling against ``so- called sympathetic litigants.'' That was then. This is now. Last week,  Democrats turned the Schumer standard on its head, cherry-picking a few  of Judge Gorsuch's thousands of cases to criticize him for ruling  against sympathetic litigants.   Every Federal judge takes an oath to administer justice without  respect to persons and to discharge his judicial  [[Page S2083]]  duties impartially. The ABA's Model Code of Judicial Conduct spells out  that this includes a duty not to make commitments about issues that may  come up in future cases.   When Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg appeared before the Judiciary  Committee in 1993, she took a firm stand. She said: ``A judge sworn to  decide impartially can offer no forecasts, no hints, for that would  show not only disregard for the specifics of the particular case, it  would display disdain for the entire judicial process.''   Every Supreme Court nominee of either party has taken this same  position. To me, this simply shows how much these nominees, most of  whom are sitting judges already, care about their impartiality and the  fairness it provides to litigants.   I think it would baffle our fellow citizens to suggest that judges  should, in effect, prejudge cases before they even come up or publicly  take sides on issues that could later require their judicial decision.  Our constituents would think it crazy to say that judges should not  keep an open mind or that judges need not be impartial.   Today, however, Democrats say they will oppose Judge Gorsuch's  Supreme Court nomination unless he spells out those views, unless he  provides those same forecasts and previews. In other words, Democrats  consider the impartiality they applauded in Justice Ginsburg to be a  liability in Judge Gorsuch. To most people, fairness, openmindedness,  and impartiality are qualities we need in our judges. To some  Democrats, they are obstacles to be overcome, I might say, on the way  to a fully politicized judiciary. What do my Democratic colleagues have  to fear from judges who are truly impartial? I mean, I don't see where  the argument really is.   Another tactic last week was to talk about people who had not been  nominated and who were not even in the room. Committee Democrats, for  example, talked about President Trump and a few of his advisers more  than 80 times over just 3 days. They also decried the efforts of  grassroots activists working on behalf of Judge Gorsuch's nomination.  It mattered not that the nominee had no connection whatsoever with  those particular efforts. No, Democrats warned of the ``extreme special  interest groups'' that supposedly advised the President about filling  this Supreme Court vacancy. They talked about so-called ``dark money''  contributed to such groups by undisclosed donors.   I would not go so far as to directly accuse anyone of hypocrisy or of  changing their tune based on ideology or political party. I would not  do that. I would observe, however, that one group invited by Democrats  to testify against the Gorsuch nomination was particularly vocal about  condemning ``big money corrupting our politics.'' It turns out that  this group was cited by the Center for Public Integrity in January as  an opponent of dark money even though the group itself accepts shadowy  funds and refuses to fully disclose its own donors.   Next week, the Judiciary Committee will report the Gorsuch nomination  to the Senate floor, where the same tactics will be in full view.  Democrats are already claiming that the threshold for confirming  Supreme Court nominees is 60 votes. Where did they get that from? They  may wish this were the rule, at least for Republican nominees, but they  know that is not true. They know it.   Democrats have been playing this game for years, embracing one  standard when it suits them, only to do an about-face later. It may be  just a coincidence, but the flip-flopping follows an eerily similar  pattern to election cycles when different parties control the White  House. But, like I said, that may be just a coincidence.   What I do know is that Senator Schumer voted 25 times to filibuster  judicial nominees of President George W. Bush. Then, when nomination  filibusters had declined under President Obama, he voted to abolish  them. Now, with a Republican in the White House, he is back on the  filibuster train. He was against judicial filibusters before he was for  them before he was against them.   Why not have a vigorous debate followed by an up-or-down vote? The  1987 nomination of Robert Bork was controversial, yet there was no  cloture vote, even though he was defeated. The 1991 nomination of  Clarence Thomas was controversial, yet there was no cloture vote, even  though he was confirmed.   Republicans have never even attempted a partisan filibuster of a  Supreme Court nominee. Most recently, then-Majority Leader Harry Reid  said in 2010 that he would file cloture on the Supreme Court nomination  of Elena Kagan. Republican leaders, including our former colleague  Senator Jeff Sessions, told him that filing cloture would be completely  unnecessary.   The truth is that no Supreme Court nominee has ever been defeated by  a partisan filibuster. The only reason Democrats are choosing to push  us in that direction is that their leftwing groups have told them to do  so.   Judge Gorsuch's approach to judging empowers the American people and  their elected representatives. It does so by taking seriously what they  do. He takes the words of the statutes they enact and the Constitution  they established as having substance and actually meaning what they  say. That is the respect that our system of separated branches requires  that each give the other.   Last week's hearing confirmed for all to see that Judge Gorsuch has  the legal experience and judicial philosophy and temperament to make  him fully qualified to serve on the Supreme Court. It also exposed the  fact that some of my colleagues see an impartial and independent  judiciary as a threat rather than as an indispensable support for our  liberty.    I have been kind of shocked at the turnaround by some of our  Democratic colleagues--not all of them but some of them--that how, if  it is their judgeship nominee, these rules do not apply that they are  now trying to apply to Judge Gorsuch.   I have seen a lot of nominees in my day and an awful lot of nominees  to the Supreme Court. I have never seen one any better than Judge Neil  Gorsuch. He is totally prepared for the job. He is an outstanding  lawyer with great experience. He is a brilliant judge, someone who will  enhance the Supreme Court and not deteriorate it, who deserves to be on  the Supreme Court. Thank goodness the President has seen fit to put him  there.   I hope our colleagues will think it through because we should not be  politicizing these judgeships like has been done recently. Frankly, we  should never politicize the Supreme Court nomination process. It is not  just because the President is a Republican; it is because that is the  way I have always approached it. I think that is the way most everybody  in this body has always approached it.   I hope people will think it through and vote for Neil Gorsuch. He  deserves their vote. He will be a great Justice on the Supreme Court.  He is going to make it one way or the other, and I hope my colleagues  on the other side realize that and will dispense with some of this  garbage that has been used against Judge Gorsuch.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   