 Madam President, I hadn't planned to speak this morning,  but when my friend from Texas decided to give his version of history, I  thought: Well, I ought to give my version. It is slightly different.   Justice Antonin Scalia passed away in February of last year.  President Barack Obama, the President of the United States of America,  had a constitutional responsibility under article II, section 2 to  nominate a person to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, as every  other President had. And he did.   He came up with the name Merrick Garland, the Chief Judge on the DC  Circuit Court of Appeals, a man who is widely respected, judged  unanimously ``well qualified'' by the American Bar Association.  President Obama submitted his name to this Congress, to the Senate, a  Senate that has a Republican majority, led by Senator Mitch McConnell  of Kentucky.   Senator McConnell and the Republican Senators did something that had  never happened in the history of this Chamber--not once. They denied  President Obama's nominee the opportunity for a hearing and a vote. In  fact, Senator McConnell went further and said: I won't even meet with  the man.   It had never happened before.   You say to yourself: Well, come on. This isn't beanbag. You are in  Washington. This is major league politics. This sort of thing must  happen all the time. Never.   In fact, if you go back not that far in history, to 1988, in the last  year of President Ronald Reagan's Presidency--his fourth year of his  second term, some call it the lameduck year--there was a vacancy on the  Supreme Court.   Republican President Ronald Reagan sent the name Anthony Kennedy to a  Democratically controlled Senate, which had the power to do the same  thing Senator McConnell did: Deny a hearing, deny a vote.   Well, what did the Democrats do? We gave Justice Kennedy a hearing, a  vote, and sent him to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court.   Under Senator McConnell, the Republicans refused Merrick Garland the  same opportunity, and they said to President Obama: You are in your  fourth year. You are a lameduck. Your choice for the Supreme Court  really doesn't count.   But there was more to it. Really, the strategy was based on the  premise and possibility that a Republican would be elected in this last  November election, and if so, that Republican President could fill the  vacancy on the Supreme Court.   Well, that is exactly what happened. The election of Donald Trump  gave him the opportunity to fill the vacancy of Antonin Scalia, a  vacancy that should have been filled, I believe, by Merrick Garland,  President Obama's nominee.   That is what led up to the vote yesterday, but there was more.   Where did the name Neil Gorsuch come from? It is true that he served  on the Tenth Circuit for 10 years. He had been approved by the Senate.  He certainly had a strong resume. But how did he get on the finalist  list?   Well, most of the time you never know. Presidents don't always  disclose how they come up with names. In this case, it was very open  because, during the course of his campaign, Donald Trump, the  candidate, listed 21 names of people whom he would appoint to the U.S.  Supreme Court. On that list of names, Neil Gorsuch of Colorado.   How did that name make the list? Well, we know because President  Trump told us. He was the choice of the Federalist Society and the  Heritage Foundation. If you know these two organizations, you know they  are Republican advocacy groups, very conservative groups, and they were  going to pick the nominees who were approved by them and submit them to  Donald Trump, which he then publicized. We know that because, at the  end of the day, Donald Trump thanked the Federalist Society for  nominating Judge Gorsuch. That is how the name came to us.   I sat through the hearings as a member of the Senate Judiciary  Committee, and I will tell you that most Supreme Court nominees don't  go out of their way to volunteer information. They try to be  respectful, but they don't try to say much of anything. They don't want  to get in trouble either as judges or as candidates to be a Justice on  the U.S. Supreme Court. So there were gaps in his testimony and  troubling questions raised about him.   I don't want to dwell on him so much as I want to dwell on this  process. What happened yesterday on the floor of the Senate was  unfortunate. Since I have been in the Senate, the last four Justices on  the Supreme Court--two  [[Page S2442]]  nominated by President Obama, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan, and two  nominated by George W. Bush, John Roberts as well as Justice Alito--all  received 60 votes during the course of their consideration. That is  not, as the Senator from Texas alluded, written in the law per se, but  it was written--until yesterday--in the rules of the Senate. You needed  60 votes to overcome the possibility of a filibuster and to file  cloture.   Well, that rule was changed yesterday to a simple majority. That is  an unfortunate occurrence. A lifetime appointment to the highest Court  in the land should be more than just a bare majority vote, as far as I  am concerned, and, historically, with very few exceptions, that has  been the case.   That is not the case here. We found yesterday that the Republicans  voted for a change in rules, which was under the power of the majority  to do--a change in the rules, which lowered the standard for this judge  for the first time officially in at least a century to a mere majority  vote. That is what he received, and that is what brings his nomination  to the floor today to be considered for the Supreme Court.   At the end of yesterday's session, when the rule was changed, some  Senators were engaged in high fives on the other side of the aisle. I  am not sure why. I don't think it was a time for any winning  celebration. I think it was an unfortunate moment.   The question is, Where will we go from here? We know what the outcome  of the vote will be on Judge Gorsuch this afternoon. That is  preordained by the rule struggles we went through yesterday. But where  does the Senate go? Where should we go? Well, I hope we will have the  good sense to restore the 60-vote margin when it comes to future  Supreme Court nominees.   It may be that Justice Gorsuch has an asterisk by his name as the  only one to have been officially approved with cloture set at a  majority vote, but I am hoping, even if he reaches the Supreme Court,  that will not hold him back from serving this Nation well. I know he  has told us over and over again that is exactly what he wants to do.   But I hope the Senate will restore the standard of 60 votes necessary  for the Supreme Court. I really believe serving as a Supreme Court  Justice is an extraordinary opportunity for a person to serve this  Nation, an extraordinary responsibility, and we should take it very  seriously. It shouldn't be a majority decision; it should be a 60-vote  decision. I hope we get back to that very soon.   Secondly, I hope the Senate will not be derailed by this Supreme  Court nomination having happened so early in the session. This is a  great institution. I have given a big part of my life to it and look  forward to serving more in the Senate--not as long as the Senator from  Iowa, who I think has retired the trophy in his State for his service  in the Senate--but I do believe this is a great institution.   An example is that the Senator from Iowa and I are of opposite  political faiths. He and I have worked together on some important  issues in the past, and we want to work together in the future. I think  we can. If we can restore what you and I remember as the glory days of  this body, it is in the best interest of this Nation.   So beyond this Supreme Court nomination, let's hope we can all come  together to make that happen.   I see my colleagues filing in. I know they are anxious to vote. I am  not going to hold the Chamber. I am just going to say that I thank the  Presiding Officer and my friend, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary  Committee. I look forward to the vote.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The VICE PRESIDENT. Without objection, it is so ordered.    I yield back the remainder of our time.   I withhold that request until the arrival of the leader.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of time on this  side.   The VICE PRESIDENT. Without objection, all time is yielded back.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Gorsuch  nomination?   