 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this  resolution. Like so many folks, I have been fighting this misguided  rule for years. Miners have been fighting this rule for years. And  States--bipartisan, Democrat and Republican--have been fighting this  rule for years.   Stopping this rule matters to West Virginians, to our miners, to our  families, to our consumers. We produce 95 percent of our electricity  from coal. It is reliable and it is affordable. Coal employs 20,000  West Virginians, and tens of thousands more make their living related  to coal.    The loss of a coal job and the closing of a coal mine affects us all.  Its severance tax revenues help to fund our schools, pay for our police  and fire departments, and put money in the coffers of our local  governments.   This rule would cost cities and counties $6.4 billion in tax revenue  over a year, with the decline in coal mining. That means even more  cuts.   When we lose coal jobs, we lose other jobs as well. When coal  families lose a paycheck, they aren't able to buy goods and services  like they used to. That hurts small businesses, our shops, and our  restaurants.   It is estimated that this rule would kill 281,000 coal jobs and  related jobs in other fields. My State can't afford to lose any more  jobs, and I know that goes for other coal States.   However, despite these facts and the objections of more than a dozen  States, the Office of Surface Mining adopted a go-it-alone approach.  They ignored input that contradicts their agenda. They withheld  information on the rule and restricted States from reviewing it. Well,  that ends today.   I thank Chairman Bishop, I thank the House Natural Resources  Committee, and I thank the leadership of the House for their support on  this resolution. Thank you, Senator Capito and Leader McConnell, for  your leadership in the Senate. We also have the support of the White  House on this resolution.   With a simple majority vote in the House and the Senate, we will end  this rule and stop this job-killing, anticoal agenda.   I urge support on this joint resolution.   