 Mr. Chair, I really appreciate what Chairman Roe of  Tennessee is doing. He pours his heart and soul into one of the most  important issues and things we can deal with here in Congress and, that  is, helping our veterans.   Veterans step up and serve in our military. I stand in awe. They do  the heavy lifting. They run through the fire. They engage. Then they  come home, and we have got to do a better job of taking care of those  people who take care of us.   The Veterans Administration, just like the rest of Federal  Government, has a lot of good people who actually work there, do care,  and have big hearts. With a government of more than 2 million people,  every once in a while you come across some bad apples. They may be a  poor performer, or they may just have their heart in a different place,  and we have got to deal with these bad apples.   While you have a whole set of people who are actually trying to do  the right thing, you are going to run into some people every once in a  while who aren't doing the right thing, and you have to be able to  dismiss them.   Now, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee has jurisdiction  on the Federal civilian workforce, and we have worked closely with  Chairman Roe of Tennessee to help make this possible.   Through the last couple of years that I have been chairman of the  Oversight and Government Reform Committee, we have heard a number of  accounts where Federal employees couldn't be disciplined fast enough.  It was obvious what they had done, but they had run into roadblocks in  being able to dismiss people.   We heard horror stories from the Environmental Protection Agency  where there was a sexually harassed intern that lasted for 3 years. It  took 5 weeks to process the harasser's removal proceedings.   We heard the Government Accountability Office come and testify before  our committee that it can take 6 months to a year to remove a Federal  employee for poor performance. You know what? That isn't good enough.  When you have a bad apple and somebody is misusing the system and they  are not performing, they are hurting our veterans. And when they are  hurting our veterans, I take that personally. Everybody should take  that personally. Nobody wants to see that happen.   So this bill, H.R. 1259, is a very important bill to accelerate that  process. Again, let's remember that most of the people who work there  are good, hardworking, patriotic people who care. But when you do have  a bad apple and you do need to get rid of that person, we have to have  an expedited removal proceeding.   I know this bill does a number of things, but I can tell you, having  heard testimony time and time and time again in a variety of Federal  agencies, especially the VA, this is a much-needed bill.   We are going to work as a committee to implement reforms like this  governmentwide. To put the Veterans Administration first and deal with  this first, I think, is the right priority of this Congress.   Again, hats off to Chairman Roe of Tennessee and the committee as a  whole for addressing this so aggressively and so early in the 115th  Congress.   I urge passage of H.R. 1259.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank, certainly, Dr. Wenstrup,  for bringing forward this bill, and also the ranking member here for  good bipartisan work.   1978 was a good year. I was playing soccer at the AYSO as a young,  11-year-old kid. It was also a good year because that was the last time  the civil service had a total revamp of its system. It has been that  long since civil service has had this type of reform, and we are  looking, on the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, to take  what is being done here in a good, bipartisan way, and try to institute  some of these good best practices into the broader Federal Government.   The current hiring process is far too long and far too complex. We  want to ensure the Federal Government remains a competitive employment  option. We also want to make sure, particularly at the VA, that the  department has the necessary data to make smart hiring decisions and  ensure important positions are filled.   This bill will allow technical experts to earn promotions without  having to necessarily go into the management track, which is very  important. For some of the skill sets, you don't have to be in  management if you are providing a skill that is so imperative to making  sure we take care of our veterans.   The bill also allows for a fast-tracked reemployment of former VA  employees who have a proven record of success at the agency. We get  some people trained up, maybe they go and do something else, we ought  to give the people priorities in coming back as well, to make sure that  we have the most qualified Federal workers who are taking care of the  people who have taken care of us. They did the heavy lifting for this  country, and they deserve better, and we can do better by them. A big  part of that would be passing this bill, H.R. 1367.   So, again, I want to thank Mr. Wenstrup for his leadership. I am glad  this is moving forward, and I stand in support of the bill.   