 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we continue to grieve with the people  of Las Vegas and families of the injured and the deceased, when I think  of the pictures I see of those beautiful young people who had the best  of life ahead of them, we ache for them. But our thoughts must turn to  action so this doesn't happen again.   What can we do as a nation to change? Because surely when there are  more mass shootings this year than there are the number of days this  year, when we average more than one mass shooting per day, something  has to change.   I am sure that if you asked the grieving families whether they want  the laws to change so this might not happen again, the overwhelming  majority would say yes, they would want us to do something. If we could  talk to those brave souls who were killed and are now in Heaven, they  would say: Do something. They wouldn't say: Let's wait. They wouldn't  say: Leave things alone. The fact that they were killed, the fact that  there were so many injured--they wouldn't think it is political to try  to save their lives or prevent somebody else from dying the way they  did. So when folks say: Don't bring politics into this, that it is  inappropriate, I am sure the families of the loved ones who were lost  would agree with me that it is appropriate and important and necessary.   Politics is where we are supposed to come together and debate the  great problems of our time in order to find solutions to them. Politics  is how we are supposed to make our country a better, safer, more  prosperous place to live. And there is no more appropriate time than  now to talk about the issue of gun violence.   Yesterday, President Trump visited Las Vegas. I am glad he went to  show our solidarity and remind everyone there that they have the full  support of the Nation. But he didn't talk about guns. There is a huge  opportunity he  [[Page S6329]]  missed to lead this Nation in a reasonable, moderate debate on gun  safety, but that opportunity is not over. The President still has the  opportunity. All eyes are on the President to see if he will grasp the  opportunity and lead the Nation to do something reasonable and moderate  about guns and gun safety.   President Trump, are you going to wait to hear what the NRA says  first? Are you going to wait for the NRA to give you the green light?  You ran your campaign saying you were beholden to no one. You fashion  yourself as a strong man. Well, are you going to show that you are not  beholden to anyone now? Are you going to show your strength now? Are  you going to be the first Republican President in a generation to buck  the NRA? You know what the right thing to do is.   I say to President Trump: Come out and say that you support and would  sign a law to ban bump stocks--the modification used by the Las Vegas  gunman to make his weapons automatic. That is small, and it is the  right thing to do. Don't wait for the NRA to make up their mind. Do it.   Of course, banning bump stocks can't be our only response. It is  hardly enough. Even though we should do whatever we can in this body in  obeisance to the NRA, we must do more. Abandoning efforts to deregulate  silencers would be the next step. The police were able to figure out  where the gunman was because of the noise from his gun in the Mandalay  Bay Hotel.   Let's forget about implementing a national concealed carry  reciprocity. My police officers in Times Square don't want to let  someone who has had no check, who might have a mental derangement like  Paddock, come to Times Square--and they can't do anything about it;  that is what that law would do--or any other heavily populated place,  the downtowns of many of our big cities and even medium-sized cities,  Disney World, baseball games, football stadiums. If this concealed  carry reciprocity passed, crazy people could carry weapons concealed  into any football stadium in America, and the police couldn't check on  them and see if they had a gun.   We have to do these things. If you looked at what would be the most  effective way in stopping the daily gun violence that is doable, the  most important and attainable thing to do would be adopting universal  background checks. It is common sense, it is measured, it is prudent,  and it would be really effective.   The bill Senator Murphy introduced yesterday is one I have been  involved with for a long time, and we should see if we can get enough  support to pass it. We can and should talk about these issues more. It  requires only a modicum of moral and political coverage. President  Trump and Republicans in Congress ought to show that moral and  political courage now by bucking the NRA and engaging in a reasonable  debate about commonsense gun laws.   Fully automatic weapons are already illegal, made so by a law signed  by President Reagan in 1986. Banning bump stocks is entirely consistent  with the books. Senator Feinstein introduced a reasonable proposal.  What are we waiting for, the NRA to give us a green light? That is so  wrong.   If the President and Congress are so beholden to the NRA that they  can't do the very bare minimum--banning a device that allowed a shooter  to kill 59 Americans with ease, a device whose ban would in no way  infringe on the legitimate rights of gun owners--then our politics, our  means of making this country a better and safer place, will have once  again failed us.   