 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tillis). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, this Saturday is Veterans Day, a day when  we honor the brave women and brave men who have served in the defense  of this great Nation. We need to take a moment to reflect on the  freedoms that we enjoy every day--and sometimes take for granted--as  American citizens, and we need to take that moment to thank those who  have devoted their lives to serve and protect the greatest Nation in  human history, the United States of America.   Mr. President, as you know, our country is home to over 20 million  veterans, and I have the privilege of representing more than 250,000  veterans in my State of Louisiana. Today, I would like to talk about  two of those veterans from my State who are illustrative of the  extraordinary service that all of the veterans in Louisiana have  offered their country.   The two gentlemen I would like to talk about, the two brave  Americans, are Ira Schilling and Earl Louis Messmer.   Ira Schilling is from Shreveport. He enlisted in the U.S. Marines  Corps in October of 1941, at the age of 16. He was 16 years old. After  completing his training, Ira was assigned as a rifleman to L Company,  3rd Battalion, 6th Marines, 2nd Marine Division, and he took part in  combat operations on Guadalcanal during the final weeks of that bloody  campaign.   Ira was discharged from Active Duty in October 1945. In 1948, Mr.  Schilling tried to reenlist in the U.S. Marines Corps. He was married  at the time. The Marines Corps turned down his request. Undaunted, Mr.  Schilling just went over and enlisted in the U.S. Navy, and he spent  another 2 years on Active Duty in defense of this country. Ira is now  92 years young, and he lives in Haughton, LA, and he is a Civil Air  Patrol wing chaplain.   Mr. Earl Louis Messmer was born in New Orleans, in the southern part  of my State, in 1923. He is very proud--and we are all proud of him-- for serving in the Battle of Peleliu from September 15 to November 15,  1944.   That battle was a fight to capture an airstrip in the Western Pacific  Ocean. The United States won. We prevailed due to the bravery of the  Army's 81st Infantry Division, of which Earl was a member.   Upon his return from World War II, in 1945, Mr. Messmer went to  Tulane University.   Earl has 2 daughters, 5 grandchildren, and 10 great grandchildren,  [[Page S7104]]  all of whom are enjoying the freedom of this country for which he  fought so gallantly.   Earl has resided in Metairie, LA, since 1942.   It is imperative, in my judgment, that this Veterans Day--and every  day--we honor the service and sacrifices made by our women and our men  in uniform. That is why I have introduced a bill. It is the 75th  Anniversary of the End of World War II Commemorative Coin Act. I say to  the Presiding Officer, I hope you will vote for it. This bill would  authorize a commemorative coin to mark the milestone anniversary and  the historic sacrifices of what has been aptly termed ``the Greatest  Generation,'' and this bill will cost the American taxpayer zero  dollars.   Thanks to the selflessness and bravery of 16 million American  military personnel--brave men and women, brave men like Ira and Earl,  of whom I just spoke, many of whom have lost their lives in this global  conflict in World War II--liberty and democracy ultimately prevailed  against the rawest, ugliest form of tyranny. The least we can do, it  seems to me, for those who fought for our freedom, is to ensure that  institutions like the National World War II Museum in New Orleans are  able to continue their mission to educate future generations about our  country's role in World War II and to support the families of our  veterans.   I would like to urge all of my colleagues to please join with me, as  I know they will, in thanking the millions of veterans who have fought  and served our country, and I hope we can all pray together for the  safety of our brave women and men in uniform who are still serving  today.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   