 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Chairman, many of my colleagues have asked, because of the recent  fires in my district, how I will be voting on this measure today. Well,  I am a ``no.''   My district experienced the worst wildfires in California history.  Fires burned close to 300,000 acres, killed 43 people, forced more than  100,000 people to evacuate, decimated some 7,000 homes, and left 10,000  people homeless in the city of Santa Rosa alone.   Our fires didn't burn Forest Service lands and they didn't start on  public land, so nothing in this bill that we are discussing here today  could have prevented the devastation in my district.   I agree that we should be doing more to prepare for catastrophic fire  events, but this bill doesn't achieve that goal. Instead, it guts  longstanding protections and fails to fix the budgetary issues that  plague fire management. In  [[Page H8330]]  fact, this bill could make things worse by creating more red tape for  agencies when they are actively responding to wildfires.   That is why I joined Representative Huffman to introduce an amendment  that would have more directly addressed the risk of wildfires. We  incorporated provisions based on:   Representatives Simpson's and Schrader's Wildfire Disaster Funding  Act that gives land management agencies access to funding to fight  wildfires without jeopardizing other agency programs;   Legislation that I dropped today that is the companion bill to  Senators Cantwell's and Risch's Wildland Fires Act, which provides  funding to help communities prepare for wildfires and target high-risk  areas for prescribed burns. The gentleman from Nevada (Mr. Amodei) is  the coauthor of that legislation;   We incorporated Representatives LaMalfa's and Schrader's Electricity  Reliability and Forest Protection Act, which passed the House earlier  this year, and allows for hazardous vegetation management on Federal  lands that abut electrical transmission lines;   We also incorporated Representative Ruiz's Wildfire Prevention Act  that allows States to apply for hazard mitigation grants for wildfire  prevention projects.   Instead of considering controversial measures that will meet a dead  end once it gets to the Senate, we should pass these bipartisan,  practical, and effective solutions.   The fires that tore across my State must not be used as an excuse to  undermine fundamental environmental laws that protect public lands.  They should motivate us to work together to protect communities from  the devastation that my constituents are facing today.   