 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for H.R.  1301, which will fund our national defense for fiscal year 2017. This  bill is a vital first step as we begin to work on rebuilding our  military. The best way to look at defense spending over time is as a  percentage of U.S. gross domestic product.   Since World War II, we have spent an average of 5 percent of our GDP  on defense during peacetime. Despite a world that has gotten more  dangerous, the defense drawdown in recent years cut defense spending  from 5 percent of GDP to 3 percent of GDP. And in a $17 trillion  economy, that is real money.   Meanwhile, since Vietnam, we have spent an average of 21 percent of  the Federal budget on defense. Today, we spend well below that, about  15 percent of the overall budget.   Things are so bad today--and I don't have time in 2 minutes to go  into all the details--that we are actually at risk of losing more  American lives than we should in the event of another war.   The next step is to pass a robust defense supplemental and then to  fund defense for fiscal year 2018 at a minimum level of $640 billion.  Anything less will not keep Americans safe and will not allow us to  rebuild our military as we desperately must do.   Congress must deal with sequestration. Trying to fund defense at BCA  levels is like trying to put a size 10 foot into a size 7 shoe. It  simply doesn't work and it is dangerous for our own security and it is  dangerous for the world.   Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to say to my colleagues on the other side: I know you don't  like me talking about health care. If I were you, I wouldn't want to  talk about health care either. This is a serious matter, and it is a  matter of security for millions and millions of Americans in our  country.   Again, maybe somebody over there can tell me: How much is this new  TrumpCare bill going to cost? How much is it going to add to the  deficit? How much are the American taxpayers going to have to pay for  it? Does anyone know how many people will lose their coverage? Hello?   I guess I would ask the questions: Why do we have over 200 employees  at the Congressional Budget Office, who we pay $50 million a year to be  able to give us these estimates, if we are not going to utilize them?  Why are we doing this?   It seems to me that before we do something that could harm millions  of people in this country, before we could do something that could  result in an increase in our deficit, why don't we ask the experts? And  we all acknowledge that they are experts and we pay them lots of money.  Why don't we get their advice?    This whole process seems backwards. You ought not to be marking up  bills when you don't know what their impact is going to be.   Part of our job as Members of Congress, in addition to holding  hearings and listening to experts and listening to citizens tell us  their perspective--which, again, has been totally ignored in this  process of the repeal of the healthcare bill--is also to make sure that  when we are voting, we know what the impact is going to be, we know  whether or not it is going to have a positive impact or whether it is  going to have a negative impact.   Again, one of the reasons why I want to defeat the previous question  is so that we can vote in a, hopefully, bipartisan way to get a CBO  score so we know what is what.   I get it. I know my colleagues don't want to talk about health care.  They would rather talk about something we should have done months ago.  That is what we are doing now, we are doing old work now. This should  have been done 4 or 5 months ago. I am just baffled why you don't want  to do your job.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   