 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for  bringing the attention of the House to this important matter.   This summer, we had catastrophic wildfires in Montana. We burned 1.2  million acres. That is the equivalent of the size of the State of  Delaware. I have seen this destruction firsthand. I visited with  incident commanders and firefighters on five separate wildfires this  summer.   In Lincoln County, the air quality was so unhealthy that teachers  provided masks to the kids in school so they could breathe.   In August, I had Secretary Zinke and Secretary Perdue come to Montana  and tour the Lolo Peak fire, one of the most expensive fires that was  fought this summer.   I have worked to bring relief to Montanans. In July, emergency relief  for farmers and ranchers was provided by opening up the C.M. Russell  recreation area to grazing. We had hungry cows left from pasture being  consumed and grass available. It was a commonsense solution to put  those two together.   Also in July, we successfully urged FEMA Director Brock Long to  reconsider their denial of one of our fires and declare Montana  eligible for emergency funds. For these two things, I am thankful.   So the negative impact has been severe. And while there has been some  relief, including welcome rain and snow, we can't rely on that. Again,  this summer, over a million acres burned in Montana alone; we lost two  firefighters; livelihoods were threatened; wildlife habitats were  destroyed; smoke hung in the air; and ash rained down on our homes and  our cars.   Air quality reached dangerous levels in our communities. In fact,  Blue Cross Blue Shield of Montana donated 150 air filters to our  schools so our children could breathe.   I have also seen firsthand the positive results of managed forests.  Just 2 weeks ago, I toured a BLM forest near Miles City, Montana, and  showed the effect of treating and managing forests. A fire burned in  2015 through a forest through the crowns, and when it reached a forest  that had been managed, the fire quickly dropped into the undergrowth,  burned through the grass, but none of the trees were lost.    In the untreated forest, there is just dead trees that won't recover  in our lifetime. In the treated area, all of the trees survived. In  fact, when an overgrown forest is thinned, more surface water came  back, there is better habitat for wildlife, and we just have a better  result.   I saw that also on the Roaring Lion fire, which occurred in the  Bitterroot Valley in 2016, where, there, private property owners had  managed their private property. When the fire on public land reached  there, it was quickly extinguished and hundreds of homes were saved.   So the benefits of properly managed forests are clear. We have  healthier forests. There is more wildlife, more hunting, more  recreational opportunities, more good-paying jobs, and wildfires are  less severe.   One of the biggest problems we have is litigation. We need more  collaborative projects, but litigation is one of the greatest problems.  Parties come to the table in good faith, they work collaboratively only  to be overturned by court action by radical environmental extremists.   The Stonewall Vegetation Project in Lincoln, Montana, is a good  example. Here, the Forest Service worked together with local landowners  over a 8-year period to develop a collaborative forest management  project. Once it was approved a year ago, the lawyers swooped in,  arguing the project would disrupt lynx habitat. The judge overturned  the decision. Fires raged this summer. Now there is no more habitat for  lynx, and all that carbon has been released into atmosphere.   Benefits of forest management are clear. As I have mentioned,  healthier forests, more wildlife, more hunting, jobs, and less severe  fires. It is time to act. We can't control the weather, but we can  control how we manage our forests. It is time to reform our forest  management by passing Bruce Westerman's Resilient Federal Forests Act,  and we also must put commonsense guardrails on the Endangered Species  Act to reduce frivolous lawsuits.   