 Mr. President, since the current healthcare bill--the bill  usually called ObamaCare--passed, every year Missouri families have had  to worry about whether their healthcare plans would be canceled,  whether their options and access would be taken away, whether they  could have the same doctors next year that they have this year, whether  they could go to the same hospital next year that they could go to this  year, whether their premiums would be going up, but if they were  worried about whether their premiums were going to be going up, that  was a worry that everybody else in every State had because premiums  went up everywhere.   In fact, this situation has gotten so bad that in one-third of  America's counties today, only one company in one-third of the counties  today will even offer insurance. So the options are to buy from one  company or to pay the penalty because your only choice is that one  company. That one company gets to file a rate that the State regulator  gets to agree to, if the one company is going to stay. In fact, I think  this week the State of Iowa that has only one company providing  individual insurance for the whole State, that one company said they  would stay again next year, and then they filed an increase of over 40  percent on those policies for next year.   In Missouri, where I live, 25 counties will not have a provider next  year, and it could be higher than that. One company has already said  they will not be there next year. Twenty-five of the counties they sold  policies in only had one company providing policies. We now know that  at least 40 percent of all Missouri counties will not have--I mean, 40  percent of all U.S. counties will not have anybody even willing to  offer these plans. This is a significant problem, and it just didn't  occur when this President was sworn in or this Congress took over.   Premiums in your State, Mr. President, have gone up 123 percent since  2013. In my State, in Missouri, they have gone up 145 percent; in  Alabama, 223 percent; in Alaska, 203 percent; in Oklahoma, 201 percent  since this plan went into effect, and that was just 2013. This is not  30 years ago. This is 4 years ago.   The average increase for American individuals and families for  getting policies under ObamaCare is 105 percent. Now, remember, this  was the plan that was supposed to ensure that your costs would go down  per family at least $2,500. The ``at least $2,500 number'' was close to  right, but what was close to right about it is that your plan probably  increased at least $2,500 if you had that kind of plan. The status quo  just simply will not work.   The draft legislation, as it stands right now, preserves access to  care for people with preexisting conditions, it strengthens the future  of Medicaid, it does not change Medicare in any way, and it gives  people more health insurance choices than they otherwise have as States  exercise their options under the law. It allows people to stay on their  family insurance until they are 26. That, along with preexisting  condition coverage, is usually seen as the two most popular things in  the law as it stands now. They would still be in the law.   Now, Members of both parties--and the reason I say ``as it stands  today'' is Members of both parties will have an opportunity to amend  this bill. In fact, we will have a vote probably the night before we  take the final vote on the bill, where every Member can make amendment  after amendment after amendment on this bill. There will be plenty of  chances to change this bill on a topic that the Members of the Senate  probably know more about, and, by the way, because it is such a big  Federal obligation and responsibility, should know more about than  virtually anything else we deal with in a level of specificity that is  higher than anything else we deal with.   Believe me, anybody who wants to read that bill--and I will, you  will, and others will, some will not--anybody who wants to read that  bill will have plenty of time to read it and plenty of opportunity to  amend it, but it will be amended, so we need to be sure we understand  the final product might not be exactly what we have before us today.   I am going to carefully look at the final legislation. I am going to  carefully look at how this addresses problems of Missourians. I think  one thing that is absolutely clear is that Missouri families need a  more reliable and affordable healthcare system. This bill is an  important first step in that direction. The status quo cannot continue  to be the status quo.   By the way, there were plenty of opportunities over the last 7 years  to make the kind of incremental changes that all of our friends on the  other side said they would love to make, and they were in charge.   We had a bill over here that Senator Collins, I believe, was the  principal sponsor of that said: Well, let's change that 30 hour  requirement; that if you work 30 hours, you have to have insurance to  40 hours. Now, that is not a very big change, but it is a very big  change if you have a 28-hour-a-week job, and the reason that you have  that 28-hour-a-week job is the law told your employer, if you hire  somebody for 30 hours, you have to provide health insurance for that  person.   Now, the employers by the way--nobody is better in America today than  employers to provide health insurance and there is no better place to  get your health insurance than at work, but we have almost forgotten  the tragedy of the workplace where because of ObamaCare so many people  worked two part-time jobs because the law said you don't have to pay  health insurance if they work less than 30 hours.   Well, we tried to figure out a way to get more people to work at a  full-time job, not a very big change. Our friends on the other side  were in control for year after year after year after that  [[Page S3724]]  bill was introduced. Nobody stepped up and said: Let's do that. Let's  make that change. Let's get more people in full-time jobs.   These insurance markets were collapsing. I don't think there was any  proposal on the other side to do anything about it. One of the  difficulties we find ourselves in now is we are trying to save a  critically important system--the American healthcare system--while that  system is collapsing around us. That means it is not going to look as  good as it would have looked if we could have gone back 7 years and  done the things you and I wanted to do when we were House Members-- giving more people more chances to buy more policies, having more  transparency, being sure, if you didn't pay taxes on insurance you got  at work, you also didn't pay taxes on money you spent for insurance if  you had to buy it as an individual. There were lots of things that  could have been done that were proposed. We can still go back and do  that. This is clearly a first step.   The Secretary of Health and Human Services has over 1,400 places  where that person's two predecessors defined what the law was supposed  to mean. So earlier this week, Secretary Tom Price said he was going to  look and his staff was going to look at every one of those 1,400-plus  places and figure out if there is a way to define the law better so it  doesn't have the impact on family economies or family access to  healthcare that it currently has. That is an important step too.   This first step matters as well. I say to the Presiding Officer,  nobody has been a more vigorous advocate of this debate than you have.  We have an opportunity to continue this debate over the next several  days. I look forward to it, and it will be interesting to try to remove  the fact from the fiction when we talk about all the things that  supposedly could have happened up until now. The fact is, they didn't  happen.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum   