 Mr. Speaker, I also want to take the opportunity to  thank my colleague for all of his diligence and incredible effort to  make sure that we are here today with the successful passage of this  important legislation.   The bill we are considering today, the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of  2017, is a bill that puts Congress back in the driver's seat of  evidence-based reform of our Nation's juvenile justice system. For far  too long, Congress has failed to reauthorize the landmark Juvenile  Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act passed in 1974. The most  important Federal juvenile justice statute has been expired for almost  a decade.   I came to Congress to effect change at a national level and to serve  the people of my district and all of the people across this great  country. Congress has fallen behind the leadership and the progress of  Democratic and Republican States alike and cities, as well, across the  Nation who have had to take the lead without us. Passing this bill is a  step in the right direction and will demonstrate to States and cities  across this great country that Congress is listening and acting.   This bill addresses many of the issues that I have been working on in  my career as a State legislator, as a city councilman, and now as a  Federal elected public servant. For instance, it helps cities and local  organizations fund community-based gang prevention and intervention  programs.   When I was on the Los Angeles City Council, I made sure that  organizations receiving taxpayer dollars from our city were actually  achieving the results that they had promised. I am pleased that this  bill includes a strong emphasis on research and science and making sure  that evidence-based programs are prioritized. It ensures that we are  supporting programs and organizations that work, which will save the  taxpayers billions of dollars in the short run, hundreds of billions of  dollars in the long run, and also make our communities much, much  safer.   This bill supports programs that ensure youth have access to  appropriate legal representation and programs to expand access. This  bill supports programs designed to educate kids and their families  about how they can go about sealing and expunging their juvenile  records and to help them do that along the way.   This bill supports programs focused on girls in the juvenile justice  system. Equally important, this bill makes sure that all ethnicity is  recorded so we can get a better understanding of who is in our juvenile  justice system and address any disparities if we find them.   This bill will put us on a path to ensuring kids are not detained for  an offense that would not be a crime if committed as an adult, such as  skipping school or running away from home. It is high time we  reauthorize the JJDPA, and I hope my colleagues in the House and Senate  can come together to advance this critical update to our juvenile  justice laws.   It is our responsibility to lead. I urge my colleagues to be leaders  by voting for the Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017. Once again, it  is long, long overdue.   