 Madam President, my father served in the Foreign  Service at the Department of State, so I spent some of my early years  overseas. I was proud to be part of a family that represented our great  country. I learned firsthand the critical role of our Nation's  diplomats, the risks that they take to serve our country, and the part  that they play in spreading American ideals of freedom and democracy  around the world.   The cabinet position of Secretary of State is as old as our Nation.  Thomas Jefferson served as President Washington's Secretary of State.  The Secretary is the President's top foreign policy adviser and our  Nation's chief representative abroad. Today the State Department  reaches across the world, advancing our interests, shaping our  relationships, advocating for human rights, and working to advance  peace.   In addition, the Secretary of State will encounter a department of  employees who are deeply concerned about the role that they will play  and the actions that they may be expected to take in service to the new  President. Last week, the Washington Post reported that the State  Department's entire senior management resigned, including officials who  had worked in both Republican and Democratic administrations. This was  an unprecedented loss of institutional knowledge.   And by yesterday afternoon, a dissent letter by State Department  staff saying that President Trump's executive order to temporarily bar  citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries would not make the Nation  safer had attracted around 1,000 signatures, far more than any dissent  cable in recent years.   President Trump's campaign rhetoric has shaken our allies--wavering  on our commitment to NATO, gratuitously escalating arguments with China  and Mexico, and empowering an increasingly aggressive Russia. Mr. Trump  has made fawning statements about Russian President Vladimir Putin. In  October 2007, Mr. Trump said of Putin, ``he's doing a great job.'' In  December 2011, Mr. Trump praised Putin's ``intelligence'' and ``no- nonsense way.'' In June 2013, Mr. Trump wondered if Putin would be his  ``new best friend.'' And in July 2015, Mr. Trump said, ``I think I'd  get along very well with Vladimir Putin.''   And Mr. Trump has questioned the reality of climate change. He  tweeted, ``The concept of global warming was created by and for the  Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing noncompetitive.''   The Secretary of State thus must play a crucial role in maintaining  relationships between the United States and our allies around the  world. In the face of Mr. Trump's statements and actions, the need for  a strong Secretary of State is all the more important.   President Trump has nominated Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of  ExxonMobil, to take on this critical role. Mr. Tillerson, who has never  served in government, has spent many years building business  relationships with Russia and Vladimir Putin, and in 2013, even  received the Russian Order of Friendship, an award given to foreigners  who work to improve relations with Russia.   Mr. Tillerson has had particularly close dealings with Igor Sechin,  the head of a state-owned Russian oil company whom the United States  has sanctioned and banned from entering the United States.   In 2014, Mr. Tillerson opposed sanctioning Russia for its actions in  Ukraine and reportedly lobbied the government against those sanctions.  According to Reuters, ``[Tillerson] added that Exxon does not  `generally' support sanctions and has made that view known to the U.S.  Government. . . . `We're having conversations such that our views are  being heard at the highest levels.' Tillerson told reporters.'' And  yet, in his confirmation hearing, Mr. Tillerson denied that he or Exxon  directly lobbied against the sanctions.   Given Russia's interference with U.S. elections and Russia's  increased provocation of our allies, we need to be able to rely on our  Secretary of State to advance U.S. interests above all. Mr. Tillerson's  long and close relationship with Russia casts doubt on his ability and  inclination to pursue additional sanctions as necessary and on the  quality of advice that he will give the President. And despite the  active national conversation about Russia, Mr. Tillerson said in his  hearing that he and President Trump had not even discussed Russian  policy with any specificity.   I am also concerned that Mr. Tillerson does not seem to view human  rights as a critical issue for the State Department. In addition to  refusing to condemn Russian and Syrian atrocities as war crimes, he did  not condemn Philippine President Duterte's extrajudicial killings. This  is particularly disturbing, as President Duterte has alleged that  President Trump approves of his actions. Mr. Tillerson appeared  hesitant to weigh in on human rights abuses. But the State Department  cannot be silent and must be an outspoken voice for human rights, even  to our allies.   Mr. Tillerson appears not to appreciate America's role as a beacon of  light around the world that stands up for the rule of law and human  rights. This is especially troubling, as President Trump's order last  Friday to suspend America's refugee programs is an attack on everything  for which our country stands. President Trump's order has made us less  safe by playing into ISIS's propaganda, casting our fight against  terrorism as a fight against an entire religion. That is not who we are  as a nation. We must remain vigilant and resolute against efforts to  sow fear and division, and we must fight together to protect the rights  and freedoms of all people.   President Trump's executive order highlights the need for a Secretary  of State who will push back against President Trump's worst impulses.  Mr. Tillerson, however, seems ready to do  [[Page S549]]  the opposite and reinforce many of President Trump's worst instincts.  Mr. Tillerson's lack of focus on human rights and the rule of law  indicate that he seems not to appreciate the role of American in the  world--particularly dangerous traits when President Trump is retreating  from America's 70-year special role in the world, retreating--in the  words of a recent article in The Atlantic--to a pre-1941 world of  ``closed borders, limited trade, intolerance to diversity, arms races,  and a go-it-alone national race to the bottom.''   Finally, I seriously question Mr. Tillerson's commitment to working  with our allies and cosigners of the Paris Climate Agreement to  confront one of our greatest global challenges. While at certain  points, he has acknowledged the dangers of climate change, he has more  recently questioned the science and the human contribution. In his  hearing, he acknowledged that climate change does exist and that the  United States needed to have a seat at the table, but he failed to  express any urgency to respond or a clear commitment to the Paris  Agreement.   While Mr. Tillerson may be a skilled business dealmaker, the job of  the Secretary of State and the leader of our State Department requires  the experience and determination to meet our current challenges. Given  his extensive ties to Russia and questionable commitment to advancing  human rights and combatting climate change, I do not believe that Mr.  Tillerson is the right person for this job, and I will vote against his  confirmation.   