 Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Chairman Hensarling  and Chairman Duffy for their tireless work on this bill. They have  labored endless hours to bring this bill to the floor, and we are very  appreciative of that.   Mr. Speaker, the fact that we are here today shows that our  legislative process is working and that we are doing the challenging  work the American people sent us here to do, work that isn't always  easy. Quite often, it is hard, but it is the right thing to do.   After months of hard work, the Financial Services Committee passed a  package of bills in June to reform and reauthorize the National Flood  Insurance Program.   Mr. Speaker, many of these bills in that package passed with  unanimous support. You only have unanimous support with strong  bipartisan support.   Now, after lengthy negotiations, we are taking up this compromise  bill that will significantly improve the NFIP and protect America's  taxpayers. The 21st Century Flood Reform Act will make major strides to  grow the private flood insurance market and start to put the NFIP on a  fiscally sustainable path.   This bill will also implement flood mapping improvements and increase  transparency and disclosure so policyholders will know the true risk of  floods at their property.   The bill also includes an amendment that I introduced with my good  colleague and dear friend from Georgia, Representative David Scott. The  NFIP is far too complicated for policyholders, insurers, and mortgage  lenders, so this amendment, which passed with unanimous support, calls  for a GAO study on how the program may be simplified and streamlined.   The NFIP authorization expires on December 8, so I would urge my  colleagues to join me in supporting this worthy program.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  [[Page H9234]]  gentleman from New York (Mr. King), a senior member of the Financial  Services Committee who has worked a long time for bipartisanship on  reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program.   Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding, and I appreciate her courtesy. I did ask my side for time.  Unfortunately, they had no time available, so I thank the gentlewoman  for coming to my rescue on this.   I feel very strongly about this, and I echo the comments of Mr.  LoBiondo. The premium increase here can have a devastating impact on my  constituents. Without grandfathering, we would see premiums skyrocket.  And when Mr. LoBiondo and I tried to ameliorate this by suggesting a  compromise by putting a $5,000 cap on premiums, we were rejected.   When Mr. LoBiondo talked about a bias against the Northeast, that  bias continues today from Sandy. Louisiana, Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico  all received tax relief following their storms. To this day, voters in  my district have not received that tax relief; and Mr. LoBiondo's  district is the same.   So I am also tired of this regional bias. We, in the Northeast, get  treated--whether it is on taxes, or whatever it is, we do not get a  fair shake. Maybe they don't need our votes.   Well, you are not getting my vote today. I urge Members to vote in  opposition.   