 Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 1551, and I  want to thank Mr. Rice for his hard work on this bill and the way he  shepherded it through the legislative process. I think it is awfully  important for a number of different reasons. I think it is important  for the reason of the environment.   I come from the low country of South Carolina, and we are seeing  firsthand sea level rise and its effect. We can have a huge debate on  what is causing that, what is not causing that. But in the meantime,  there is a clear scientific consensus on the idea of increased  CO2 emissions being tied to this notion of global warming,  which very much impacts my congressional district. It impacts a lot of  places around the world.   So I think that there is no perfect energy source out there, in  fairness to my colleague. But of the available choices out there, I  think that something that does address the CO2 emission  question is awfully important, and nuclear does.   I think it is also important from the standpoint of base load in  terms of energy in this country and its importance in terms of  competitiveness around the world.   Gordon Sullivan wrote a book entitled ``Hope is not a Method,'' and  he talked about we may hope for a whole host of different breakthroughs  in terms of alternatives, and I do hope that they come through, whether  that is solar or tidal or who knows what. I think that there are  emerging technologies there, but, in the meantime, we have to handle  this issue of base load from the standpoint of our ability to compete  with the rest of the world in terms of baseline energy as it relates to  business and it relates to, frankly, the ability to cool one's house in  the warm air of South Carolina, or I guess the southwest these days.    I think it is also important from the standpoint of energy  independence. This idea of domestic production becomes incredibly  important given the way in which we are dealing with a whole host of  different places around the globe that at times don't want what is best  for America but want what is best for their region to the exclusion, at  times, of what is best for America.   Mr. Speaker, this idea of energy independence, I think, is also an  important consideration into H.R. 1551. It is for that reason that I  come by for a second to thank Tom Rice for his hard work in shepherding  this bill forward.   