 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 630.   This legislation would require all Members, offices, and employees of  the House of Representatives to complete a workplace rights and  responsibilities training program each session of Congress.   H. Res. 630 is a focused effort to address harassment and  discrimination on Capitol Hill. As recent headlines have exposed, these  issues are pervasive across the country. As leaders of the United  States and voices for our constituents, we must do better. If we want  to eliminate sexual harassment in the workplace, we must lead by  example and be willing to take every available step to ensure these  instances are prevented and promptly addressed.   As a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, I have long been  committed to creating a positive and safe work environment. In early  October of this year, my staff participated in a program on sexual  harassment and workplace rights. Empowering employees with knowledge of  their rights and drawing clear distinctions between appropriate  behavior and harassment can help thwart abuses before they can occur.  Additionally, educating employees on ways to report abuse can ensure  that when incidents happen they are addressed forthrightly.   H. Res. 630 also requires interns and fellows to undergo training as  well which is vital to full compliance. Most offices have well- established intern programs, and these individuals are often young,  unpaid, and particularly vulnerable. It is important to ensure they too  know their rights and what is appropriate in an office setting.   I support H. Res. 630 because it is a bipartisan effort to promote  equality and fair treatment in the workplace and it is a good first  step in addressing such an extensive problem.   Some may rightfully ask what took us so long.   Passing this legislation sends the message that we condemn harassment  in any form, and that we will use our authority to support positive  work environments.   I urge each of you to support H. Res. 630.   