 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 481, I call up  the bill (H.R. 3180) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018  for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United  States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central  Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other  purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert  extraneous material in the Record on the bill, H.R. 3180.  [[Page H6553]]     Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good, bipartisan bill that we have worked all  year putting together in a bipartisan manner. I thank all of my  colleagues not only on the Intelligence Committee, but also those  colleagues who came down to review the bill. Hopefully they got all the  information from our staff to provide all the answers that they may  need so that they understand the classified nature of the bill and the  importance of this bill to our Nation's intelligence community and our  warfighters.   I want to highlight just a few things in the bill, because we did  debate this bill on Monday, so I will go through this quickly.   The legislation provides the intelligence community authorization  needed to protect and defend the United States. It supports critical  national security programs, such as those protecting Americans against  terrorism, cyber attacks, and hostile foreign nations.   The total funding authorized in the bill is slightly below the  President's budget request, and is consistent with the House Budget  Committee-passed fiscal year 2018 budget resolution.   H.R. 3180 enables the intelligence community to carry out its vital  work protecting Americans in the most complex threat environment since  9/11.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman, Mr. Himes,  for his kind comments, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I wasn't aware it is your birthday, but  happy birthday, and I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.     Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank both the majority and minority members  of our committee for working in a bipartisan manner this year to  complete this bill, which I believe is a really good product and will  support the men and women doing very difficult work to protect the  American people.   I do want to thank the staff not only from the minority side, but  also from the majority side, specifically: Shannon Stuart, Nick  Ciarlante, Scott Glabe, Bill Flanigan, Allen Souza, Lisa Major,  Jacqueline Tame, Mark Stewart, Chelsey Campbell, Andrew House, Marissa  Skaggs, Angel Smith, Kash Patel, Doug Presley, Steve Keith, George  Pappas, and Jack Langer for helping craft this bill with the minority;  as well as the committee-shared staff of Brandon Smith, Kim Kerr, and  Kristin Jepson.   I would also like to take another moment, as Mr. Schiff just did, our  ranking member, and thank our fellow who  [[Page H6556]]  will be leaving us this year, who has been here a couple of years, Mr.  Phil Tubesing, who will be going back and ending his congressional  fellowship. We thank him for all of his work.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to pass this bill and send  an overwhelming message to the men and women who protect this country  that this Congress stands ready to support them.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   