 Madam President, I want to thank Senator McCain and  Senator Reed for their leadership in producing the National Defense  Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018. Both veterans, they have a  particular understanding of the sacrifices that members of our Armed  Services make every day.   Every year, this authorization bill is drafted to reflect our  commitment to the men and women serving in uniform, to authorize  resources needed to maintain our national security, and to demonstrate  the values and principles on which our country was founded. While I  believe this bill reflects many sound defense policies, I regrettably  cannot support its passage.   Yet again, this Defense authorization bill continues to include the  shameful and counterproductive measures that block us from ending the  terrorist recruitment tool that is the Guantanamo Bay detention  mission, but the core reason for my opposition to this bill is the  reckless price tag its implementation carries. This bill authorizes  $700 billion in Defense spending, far above the caps currently  established by the Budget Control Act and far more than the increase  requested by the President in his budget proposal. If we met this  authorization with real dollars, sequestration would take effect for  Defense spending. Secretary Mattis has testified about the perils of  sequestration. His message was clear: We must raise the budget caps.   What is more, this authorization relies on the same tired gimmick we  have seen for years and includes $60 billion in overseas contingency  operations funding. For fiscal hawks who call for us to reign in  Federal spending to reduce the deficit, we cannot continue to treat OCO  funds as privileged dollars--outside the scope of our budget caps--as a  means to pay for what should be base spending.   Further, we cannot unilaterally boost Defense spending without  similarly addressing other budgets that contribute to our national  security. Earlier this year, in a hearing before the Senate  Appropriations Defense Subcommittee, Secretary Mattis clearly asserted  that ``history is pretty clear, nations that did not keep their fiscal  house in order and their economies strong lost their military power.''  We cannot simply raise spending for the Department of Defense without  investing in programs that advance our diplomatic missions overseas and  strengthen our domestic security through economic development,  infrastructure improvements, environmental protections, and that meet  the core needs of all Americans. Inflating our Defense spending at the  cost of all other programs makes us neither stronger nor more secure.   I do want to thank Senator McCain and Senator Reed for including,  through managers' packages, more than 100 amendments from both  Republicans and Democrats, including some that I filed. This kind of  collaborative process is what has, in the past, yielded results in the  Senate. I regret that the amendment process was not more extensive, but  hyperpartisan amendments that seek to upset the discussions of how to  responsibly fund our government are not the way to reach consensus for  further votes.   Make no mistake: This authorization bill invests in our men and women  in uniform and their families, and it supports competition to keep our  Defense industry healthy, as it should. I hope the reasons for my  objection to its passage at this point in the process will be resolved  as we move to conference this bill with the House. I believe that,  through an agreement to address the current budget caps, those  objections can be resolved.   