 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for  yielding, and I am grateful for this opportunity to introduce myself to  this Chamber.   My name is Andy Biggs. I represent Arizona's Fifth Congressional  District. I hope to pick up where my good friend and predecessor,  former Congressman Matt Salmon, left off. He left me big shoes to fill,  but I am blessed to be able to counsel with him, and I am honored to  follow his example.   My district covers parts of the southeast metropolitan area of  Phoenix, the  [[Page H456]]  cities of Chandler, Gilbert, Mesa, Queen Creek, and communities like  Sun Lakes. Many families have lived there for generations. They are  hardworking, patriotic, and faith-driven people.   I am a native Arizonan, one of the few. I live in Gilbert with my  wife of 35 years, Cindy. We have six children and four grandchildren. I  received my bachelor's degree in Asian Studies from Brigham Young  University, my master's degree from Arizona State University, and my  law degree from the University of Arizona, and I have pursued  additional graduate work.   For the past 14 years, I have had the opportunity to serve in the  Arizona State legislature where I served as the senate president for  the last 4 years. During that time, we balanced the budget, going from  the worst budget situation in the Nation on a per capita basis, and we  reduced taxes. We cut government regulations. We asserted Arizona's  10th Amendment rights, and protected life at all stages.   When Congressman Salmon decided to retire last year, he asked me to  run for his seat to ensure that his constituents would continue to  receive the adherence to conservative principles that Congressman  Salmon stood for. After a four-way primary, I won my primary election  by 27 votes.   On the campaign trail last year, I promised my constituents that I  would fight to achieve six major goals and introduce bills to reflect  those goals in this Congress:   Preventing Members of Congress from being paid until a balanced  budget is passed. Yahoo.   Reining in bureaucratic rulemaking and restoring Article I authority  to Congress.   Ending the ObamaCare loophole that is designed to benefit Members of  Congress.   Passing Grant's law to protect innocent U.S. citizens from violent  illegal immigrants.   Ensuring that Common Core never becomes a Federal mandate and that  States and local officials have authority over the teaching of our  Nation's youth.   And my sixth initiative is to remove Arizona from the out-of-control,  overburdened, and out-of-whack 9th Federal Circuit Court district and  placing it into a newly established district that more accurately  reflects Arizona's values and promotes and protects due process rights.   I have worked hard to achieve these goals already, and will continue  to pursue those goals.   Last week, Members of this body were filled with great optimism and  enthusiasm for the future. I am hopeful that we will continue in that  spirit as we await a new administration and strive to do the bidding of  our constituents. I will never forget the people who elected me to this  high office and the principles that are important to them and my home,  Arizona.   Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman.   Again, we see the quality and we see who the American people have  sent here, people like Andy Biggs. We got started with the REINS Act, a  bill that I sponsored that talked about reining in regulations. Andy  jumped in with a couple of amendments. He wanted to be a part of the  solution to start with.   Next up is a gentleman from Kentucky, the First District of Kentucky,  Mr. Comer. He comes to us from a farm background. He wore the blue  jacket and the green jacket, 4-H and FFA. He was the Commissioner  of Agriculture for the State of Kentucky. He has been a legislator. He  also is a good friend of my Commissioner of Agriculture, Gary Black.  Gary called me up and said there is a good one in Kentucky. I said when  Gary says that, we know something good is going on.    It is my pleasure, Mr. Speaker, to yield to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer).   