 I thank Mr. O'Rourke for putting together this Special  Order to talk about what is really an important issue and, with all of  the things going on, something that has even got a little bit lost.   Madam Speaker, for the region that I represent in San Diego, the  border is an economic engine--it is a job creator. Home to the Otay  Mesa, San Ysidro, and Tecate ports of entry, San Diego-Baja is the  busiest border crossing in the world. From life sciences to  electronics, San Diego is an attractive place to start a business and  to manufacture goods, in part, because of our proximity to border  crossings and international trade.   Last month, Mr. O'Rourke and other members of the Congressional  Border Caucus and I held a hearing with local leaders from chambers of  commerce from around our districts to discuss real pragmatic solutions  and issues around the border. I was joined by Jerry Sanders, who San  Diegans well know as the former mayor. He is also the former police  chief of San Diego and is now the current president of the San Diego  Regional Chamber of Commerce. During that hearing, Mayor Sanders said  that an efficient border is a safe border, and he knows something about  safety from his time as a police chief. We also know that 99 percent of  what gets screened at border crossings is safe and that there is no  need to worry about its coming into the country. What we need is to get  more efficient at approving the 99 percent of safe cargo and travelers  and better at stopping the 1 percent that we don't want to come in.   One of the big challenges that we faced when I first came to Congress  was in border delays. We saw that delays at the border crossing were  costing us, at that point, $7.2 billion of economic activity in our  county and 35,000 jobs annually--numbers so big that they are almost  unbelievable, but those numbers came from independent assessments.   One of the great successes I have had in Congress, in working with my  colleagues within our congressional delegation, is to have worked  together to secure more than $500 million to finish the expansion and  the improvements at the San Ysidro border crossing. We did that in  working with Democrats Juan Vargas and Susan Davis and with Republicans  Duncan Hunter and Darrell Issa because we all understood how important  the United States-Mexico border is to our regional economy.    By investing in infrastructure and innovation in San Diego, Tijuana,  and across the border, we are keeping Americans safe and supporting the  export of goods made in America by American workers. In San Diego and  in other communities, we are embracing this forward-looking approach of  opportunity and job creation.   Now President Trump wants to put us in reverse by building a wall,  which we have assessed at $15 billion. I mean, I have heard estimates  of its being from $18 billion to $20 billion. By any count, it is a  waste of money. Let's say, for purposes of argument, it is $15 billion.  It took Congress more than a year to approve $170 million to help  Flint, Michigan, recover from a crisis that has poisoned children and  left an entire city without clean water--$170 million compared to $15  billion for a wall that nobody needs. We are talking about spending 100  times the money for Flint to build a wall that will do nothing to make  us more secure, to make our children safer, or to make us more  prosperous.   $15 billion is exactly how much the American Society of Civil  Engineers says we will need to fill the funding gap for infrastructure  needs at all of our Nation's ports for the next decade. So, if you took  the money you were going to spend on this wall, you could cover all of  the investment we would need at our ports around the country for the  next decade. We are going to spend it on a wall.   $15 billion is also three times as much money as the Federal  Government spends to help the homeless every year. For the cost of this  wall, we could build the Navy the 11th aircraft carrier that it needs.  For 60 times less--or 1-60th--we could finish the modernization of the  Otay Mesa border crossing, which is the third busiest commercial port  of entry along our southern border and which facilitates $35 billion in  trade every year.   What are we doing here?   Unlike President Trump's wall, this investment will support long-term  job creation and increase revenues and is a much more responsible way  to spend American taxpayer dollars. Let's be clear. American taxpayers  are going to foot the bill for this wall, not Mexico. It is the leader  of the Senate and Speaker Ryan who have committed they are going to  spend $15 billion on this wall. That is American taxpayers. That is not  Mexico.   Instead of trying to turn his campaign rhetoric into policy, we would  prefer that President Trump listen to those who understand what  business is like at the border, to those who understand that border  cities are safe, like El Paso, like San Diego, and that the border is  an opportunity for America, not a threat. We don't need a wall. We need  to hire more Customs officers. We need newer screening technologies. We  need to modernize and expand our infrastructure at other border  crossings like we are already doing at San Ysidro. That is how you  would create jobs in America. That is how you would keep us safe.   I thank my friend Beto O'Rourke for his leadership and for his  hosting this conversation today. I look forward to working with the  gentleman in diverting this money from this silly proposal--this  dangerous proposal--to the kinds of things and investments that our  country needs from Texas to California.   