 Mr. President, it is a pleasure to be on the floor  tonight with my friend the Senator from Alaska. The Navy salutes the  Marine Corps and salutes him for his service before.   Now I just want to follow up on a couple of things that he mentioned.  He need not stay on the floor if he doesn't want to, but he is more  than welcome to as he spent a little bit of time criticizing the  individual mandate.   Harry Truman used to say that the only thing new in the world is the  history that we forgot and never learned. So I just want to take a  minute and talk about the history of the individual mandate.   The individual mandate was not invented by Barack Obama. ObamaCare  was never invented by Barack Obama--the idea for exchanges in all 50  States and the sliding scale tax credit to buy down the cost of  healthcare in those exchanges. The idea to have an individual mandate  so that everybody has to buy healthcare and that if you are not  eligible for Medicaid or Medicare, you need to get healthcare and that,  if you don't, there is a fine was not Barack Obama's idea. The idea  that employers of a certain size and with a certain number of employees  have to provide healthcare coverage for their folks was not a Barack  Obama idea. The notion that the insurance companies could not deny  coverage to folks who had preexisting conditions was not an idea that  was invented by Barack Obama.   ObamaCare with those five provisions--exchanges in every State, a  sliding scale tax credit to buy down the cost of the care, the  individual mandate to make sure that everybody is getting coverage, the  employer mandate by which the employer has to cover the employees, the  prohibition against insurance companies in their not providing coverage  for those with preexisting conditions--had its origin from right here  in the U.S. Senate in 1993--right here in 1993.   The legislation was introduced by a Republican Senator from Rhode  Island, Chafee. It was cosponsored by 22 other Republican Senators,  including the chairman of the Finance Committee--one of the people I  most admire here in this body.   Those five ideas didn't go anywhere in 1993, but do you know who took  them? A Governor of Massachusetts took those five ideas and said: Maybe  we could use those five ideas to cover everybody in the State of  Massachusetts. Governor Mitt Romney created RomneyCare. Do you know  what? For the most part, it worked. It covered just about everybody  there. Initially, it had problems with affordability, but it has done  better over time.   When we worked on the Affordable Care Act, we took that Republican  Senate proposal from 1993. We took RomneyCare from 2006, and we  included it in the Affordable Care Act because it was a market-based  approach to making sure that everybody who didn't get coverage from  their employers and who were not eligible for Medicaid and were not  eligible for Medicare could get coverage.   We see in this legislation before us tonight not just changes to the  Tax Code but also a further effort to destabilize the exchanges, which  is something that the current administration spends a lot of time  trying to do. It is a Republican idea. It is a market-based approach.  They happen to be good ideas. They happen to work in Massachusetts, and  they could work in the 49 other States if we didn't have an  administration and my colleagues here in this body and in the House who  were trying to destabilize the exchanges.   I hope that when this legislation passes and we repeal the individual  mandate that we will not just repeal it. Why do we have it in the first  place? It is to make sure that young, healthy Americans are going to be  getting coverage in the exchanges. You can't just have sick and elderly  people in the exchanges. You have to have some young, healthy people in  there too. That is why we have the individual mandate. If we are going  to get rid of it, we need to replace it with something that works at  least as effectively. That is one of the things that we need to work on  in our going forward between now and 2019 when the individual mandate  is repealed under this legislation.   I had the privilege of serving as the Governor of my State of  Delaware for 8 years. During those 8 years, we cut taxes in 7 out of  the 8 years. We also balanced our budgets for 8 years in a row. We paid  down some of our debt. We earned AAA credit ratings for the first time  in the State's history. We still have them. For those 8 years, we had a  general assembly whose majority was Republican in the House and whose  majority was Democrat in the Senate. Do you know what we did? We  actually worked together. We worked together in that we used sound  budgeting practices, and we used sound economic analyses and forecasts.  We worked together, but neither side got everything it wanted.   In Delaware, we have something that we call the Delaware Way. I  describe it with the letter C--four Cs--communicate, compromise,  collaborate, civility. That is it. That is the Delaware Way-- communicate, compromise, collaborate, and use some civility. We don't  do much of that around here, and we are the worse for it.   During those years that I was privileged to be Governor and we cut  taxes for 7 out of the 8 years, I would read each tax proposal with  four questions. One, is it fair? Two, does it foster economic growth or  impede it? Three, does it simplify the Tax Code or make it more  complex? Four, what does it do to the deficit? Do we end up with a  deficit? Do we end up with a balanced budget? Do we end up with a  surplus? I asked those four questions.   Twenty years later, as we took up tax reform here in the U.S. Senate,  I asked the same four questions. Is it fair? Does it foster economic  growth? Does it simplify the Tax Code? What does it do to the budget or  to the deficit situation that we face? Those are the four questions.   Others have already talked about fairness. Let me just say that when  you look at what is going to happen in the first couple years after the  passage of this legislation, lower income folks, families, are going to  get a tax cut too. It is not just the wealthy; low-income families will  get a tax cut, too, for a couple of years. Families making $30,000 will  benefit. They will end up lowering taxes for the first 2 years after  the implementation of this legislation. After 3 or 4 years, families  making $40,000 or less will be on the losing side. After 5 years,  families making $50,000 will be on the losing side. After 8 or 9 years,  families making as much as $75,000 will not be paying less taxes, they  will actually be paying more taxes.   Meanwhile, folks whose income is half a million, $1 million, or more,  for the most part will realize very substantial reductions in their  taxes--very substantial reductions--and as that income goes up, the  greater those reductions will be in their tax obligation. Some people  ask: Is that fair? It depends on whom you ask. If you happen to ask  people who are making $30,000 or $40,000 or $50,000 a year, maybe not.  It is fair for a while but not for long enough.   I mentioned the 8 years I served as Governor of our State and how we  balanced our budget to pay down debt and got an AAA credit rating. More  jobs were created in those 8 years than any 8 years in the history of  the State of Delaware. I did not create any of them. I did not create  one of them. I helped create a nurturing environment for job creation  in our State so that little businesses could get started and grow into  bigger businesses and bigger businesses could make a profit and hire  more people. The Tax Code is an important ingredient in nurturing an  environment for job creation and job preservation--not the only  ingredient but an important ingredient.   Senator Cardin stood right in front of me a little while ago and  talked about how important it is to have certainty and predictability.  That is almost as important as the tax rates, to actually know what we  are going to face and not face, the uncertainty of rates going up or  down and the rules changing in the years to come. But I would like to  run through a short list of other ingredients needed in the nurturing  environment that I don't believe we are addressing in these changes to  the Tax Code.   One is commonsense regulations, regulations that protect us, protect  our  [[Page S8133]]  health, our environment, and do so in a way that is cost-effective.   Another way to create a nurturing environment is to make sure that we  are producing, out of our high schools, colleges, universities, and  community colleges, people who can read, write, think, use math and  have technology skills in science and engineering. The inability to  come out of these schools and go to work in the millions of jobs that  are going unfilled these days is because the skill sets that are  demanded by employers for these millions of jobs are not met by the  people who are looking for work, for the most part, except for about  800,000 people--the DACA folks who fill 800,000 of those 3 or 4 million  jobs that are unfilled.   What is another ingredient? Access to capital, the ability of a  business to get money, to raise money to be able to invest in plant and  equipment and in employees in the workforce.   Another is access to foreign markets to be able to sell the products  or the services we provide to other countries around the world, get  into those markets.   Another is energy costs. My colleague from Alaska said in his  comments that one of the things we ought to be in America is the  superpower of energy. Who invented nuclear energy? We did. We are the  Saudi Arabia of coal. We are the Saudi Arabia of natural gas. We  create, as far as I know, as much electricity from wind and solar as I  think any nation on Earth, and we need to do a whole lot more, and we  can.   With regard to healthcare costs, we pay way too much money for  healthcare in this country. Actually, we have a pretty good idea of how  to bring it down. One of those good ideas is the exchanges, and if we  stop undermining them and degrading them and destabilizing them, they  would actually work like they do in Massachusetts and a bunch of other  States.   Public safety is a key ingredient among the forces and factors that  are helpful in creating that nurturing environment.   Investing in research and development that could be commercialized in  terms of jobs and economic opportunity is hugely important.   There is also protecting intellectual property, protecting against  cyber attacks, transportation, infrastructure. Earlier this year, the  Nation's Society of Civil Engineers evaluated our transportation  infrastructure in this country, and again this year, D--``d'' as in  dog--because our roads, highways, and bridges are in deplorable shape  in many parts of this country. Did we invest any money in that in this  tax bill? If I had $1 trillion to invest in this country to strengthen  our economy, I would put it in infrastructure, roads, highways,  bridges, ports, airports, broadband, just deploying broadband in vast  areas of the country and rural areas of the country where we don't have  access to the internet. That is what I would do. We don't do any of  that in this legislation.   In terms of economic growth and job creation, what we are told by  most economists is, sadly, a lot of companies will make extra money  from--realize greater profits from the changes in the Tax Code, the  majority of them. According not to me but to economists who are a lot  smarter than I, a good deal of that money is not going to further  investments in plant and equipment, not into their workforce, it will  be turned into dividends and stock buybacks and not to create the kind  of economic growth we all want.   Let me talk a minute about the third question I always ask about tax  reform proposals; that is, does it simplify the Tax Code or make it  more complex?    During our markup, our vote, and debate in the Finance Committee on  the proposals, one of my colleagues--I think it was Senator McCaskill-- had a stack about this tall of the Federal Tax Code. One of our expert  witnesses from the Joint Tax Committee was asked: Will this legislation  that is before us tonight actually make that stack of books that make  up the Tax Code--is it going to make it smaller?   He said: No, quite the opposite--it is going to make it larger. Now,  the idea of doubling the standard deduction, enabling more people to  not have to itemize their taxes--that makes the Tax Code simpler. That  is a good idea. But overall, when you look at all the other changes in  this legislation, that stack which represents the Tax Code is not going  to go down; ultimately it is going to go up.   Those are not my words but the testimony from the Joint Tax  Committee.   Lastly, what is going to be the effect of these tax changes? What is  going to be the effect on the budget deficit? And here is where I think  we really missed the boat. When Bill Clinton became President in 1993,  we were in a deficit. We were in a recession, and he became President.  Eight years later, when he turned the reins over to George W. Bush--in  those 8 years, more jobs were created than in any 8-year period in the  history of the United States. On top of that, in the last 4 years of  that administration--1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001--we had a balanced  budget and a surplus. When the reins of leadership were turned over to  the next administration, George W. Bush's, I think CBO was forecasting  a budget surplus of at least $5 billion, probably more. There was a  concern that we were actually growing the surplus too fast.   Well, it didn't take too long for the surpluses to be eliminated, and  when that administration came to an end, we were in the worst economic  recession since the Great Depression. We called it the great recession.  We went from 4 years of surpluses to the worst economy since 1930. That  is what Barack Obama and Joe Biden and a new Congress in 2009  inherited.   I know some of my colleagues think that there has not been any kind  of economic recovery. Just look at where we were in 2008 and 2009. For  the last 8 years, we have had economic growth and job creation for 8  consecutive years. I don't think we have ever seen that kind of  sustained economic growth in the history of our country.   Instead of paying down debt after 8 years of economic growth and job  creation, we actually, last year, increased the deficit by $666  billion. With this legislation, we are going to add another roughly $2  trillion to our debt over the next 10 years.   This is a missed opportunity, folks. It doesn't have to be this way.  There are good ideas in this legislation. The corporate tax rate is too  high. Let's bring it down. I am for that. The standard deduction ought  to be doubled. I think Democrats are for that. The child tax credit  ought to be increased, maybe doubled, made refundable to help lower  income families too. I am for that. The capital gains rate maintained  where it is--I am for that. The repatriation of overseas profits--I am  for that. There are a lot of things I think could actually serve as a  foundation on which we could come to an agreement on bipartisan  legislation. As far as I am concerned, we never really had a fair  chance.   I will close with an African proverb. My friend Senator Scott is  about to follow me, and he has heard me say this before. The old  African proverb says: If you want to go fast, travel alone. If you want  to go far, travel together.   If you want to go fast, travel alone. If you want to go far, travel  together. We should have traveled this road together. If we had, we  would have maybe some short-term pain but long-term gain. But I fear  that with this legislation, it will be just the opposite. There will be  some short-term gain but I figure, in the long run, long-term pain.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor and will pass it on to my  friend from South Carolina.   Mr. HATCH addressed the Chair.   