 Mr. President, I rise to express my opposition to the  resolution of disapproval that is currently before the Senate, which  would decimate Federal title X funding for healthcare providers across  our Nation who provide vital preventive care and family planning  services.   Let me put it in simpler terms. Republicans in Congress are once  again rushing to advance legislation that will make it harder for  Michiganians to get the healthcare they need. Just last week, we saw  Speaker Ryan and President Trump in their efforts to take away  healthcare from 24 million Americans and to defund Planned Parenthood,  but this is a new week, and we are seeing a new assault on healthcare.   Today's resolution is just the latest in a long series of attacks  against Planned Parenthood. A vote for this legislation is a vote to  make it harder for millions of Americans to access birth control,  cancer screenings, and testing for sexually transmitted infections.   ``Title X funding'' sounds arcane, but it is actually pretty  straightforward. It is a bipartisan program which was established more  than 40 years ago and which provides individuals with family planning  and preventive health services. Not one penny covers abortion. Let me  say that again. Not one penny covers abortion--not one. This is  established Federal law, and anyone who says otherwise is simply lying  to you or has no idea of what he is talking about.   We should take a step back and ask, what can we agree on here? I  think every Senator would agree that we want to reduce unintended  pregnancies and teen pregnancies and save money and prevent cancer.  Today, unfortunately, we are voting to do the opposite.   Right now, we have the lowest rate of teen pregnancies in our  Nation's history, and we are getting ready to heavily restrict a  successful program that saves $7 for every public dollar invested.  Preventive screenings are quick, affordable, and save lives. Cancer  devastates families, ends lives, and is expensive to treat.  Historically, low teen pregnancy rates have not happened in a vacuum;  they have happened because of concerted efforts to promote education  and prevention and give women a say in their own health.   The pain inflicted today will not be felt uniformly; it will  disproportionately hurt people in rural and underserved areas in which  these clinics are more often than not the primary sources of  healthcare. Michigan has 19 Planned Parenthood clinics, and half are  located in areas that are federally designated as ``rural and medically  underserved.'' As a direct result of title X funds, Michigan family  planning clinics prevent over 18,000 unintended pregnancies and over  1,000 cases of sexually transmitted diseases and cervical cancer each  and every year.   Every woman has a fundamental right to make her decisions about her  reproductive health. The government has absolutely no right to stand in  her way. I strongly oppose this resolution and implore just one more of  my Republican colleagues to join me in stopping this misguided effort.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Minnesota.   