 Thank you, Mr. President.   I rise to speak about the conference report we will be voting on  later this evening. Before I do that, I want to mention a few folks by  name who deserve a big thank-you for the incredible work they did to  get us to this terrific point we are at today.   I wanted to start with Leader McConnell. His vision and leadership  made this possible, and I am grateful for that. I want to mention  Chairman Hatch, who also helped to guide the Finance Committee, which  has jurisdiction over our Tax Code; Chairman Enzi, the chairman of the  Budget Committee--without a proper budget resolution, this moment would  not have been possible; Chairman Murkowski, who has fought for so long  to open up this little tiny postage stamp in an incredibly remote part  of Alaska to prudent energy development, and finally, tonight we are  going to pass the legislation to do that; Senator Cornyn, our whip, who  is also a member of the Finance Committee and played a very important  role; Senators Thune, Portman, and Scott, with whom I worked very  closely for a very extended period of time to try to find the consensus  that I think we have reached among Republican Senators.   I want to mention Senator Corker. I had many long and ultimately very  fruitful conversations with Senator Corker, who approached this in a  very thoughtful and responsible way. I am very grateful for him.   I want to mention some of the staff who worked incredibly hard on  this: Mark Warren, who handles tax policy for Senator Thune; Zach  Rudisill, who works for Senator Portman; Shay Hawkins, who handled this  brief for Senator Scott; Andrew Siracuse, who works for Senator Cornyn;  and Bart Massey, who handled this responsibility for Senator Enzi, and  Matt Giroux. They all did terrific work.   A big special thanks to some of the guys on my staff who did an  amazing job. Randy Herndon joined my team earlier this year and did an  absolutely extraordinary job. Fortunately, he has an incredible wealth  of knowledge about tax policy, and he was able to put that to work for  Pennsylvanians and for Americans in a tremendously constructive way.  Brad Grantz, my legislative director, also helped to guide this  process. Dan Brandt, who is my chief of staff, did some great  quarterbacking.   I should point out the Senate Finance Committee staff who worked  incredible hours and did a great job--Jay Khosla, Mark Prater, Jen  Acuna, and the rest of the Senate Finance Committee staff, and also  Brendan Dunn in the leader's office, who played a very important role.   Speaker Ryan and Chairman Brady in the other Chamber played an  indispensable role in getting us here, as did Tom Barthold, who leads  the Joint Committee on Taxation, quantifying every wrinkle along the  way in the final product, as well as his team.  [[Page S8114]]    I should also mention that the President provided constructive  leadership along the way, and we worked extensively with Treasury  Secretary Mnuchin and the Director of the National Economic Council,  Gary Cohn, from the White House.   This took a long time to put together and involved an enormous amount  of work, but I am so proud of what we have brought to this floor and  what I believe we are going to pass later this evening. The process  started over a year ago when members of the Finance Committee began to  tackle what seemed like a very daunting challenge--the most ambitious  tax reform in 31 years. Could we really overhaul the entire Tax Code  and achieve two very important accomplishments and do it with the very  narrow majority we have, knowing that our Democratic friends did not  want to participate in this process, and try to get this all the way  across the goal line?   I am thrilled to be able to report that I think we have accomplished  those two big things. What are they? No. 1, we were determined from the  very beginning that we would not even attempt to bring a bill to the  floor unless it lowered the tax burden on the families we represent-- individuals, families, middle-income and lower income families. That  was No. 1. No. 2, we wanted to fundamentally restructure the business  side of our Tax Code so that American workers and businesses can  compete and win in a global economy against anybody. I have to tell  you, we did those things, and I think that is why this is going to pass  tonight.   First, on the individual side, this is absolutely a direct tax cut  for the vast overwhelming majority of low- and middle-income taxpayers.  They will simply pay less in Federal taxes. That is the reality.   By the way, most high-income taxpayers will have some tax savings as  well. I don't apologize for that. I am in favor of lowering the tax  burden on everyone. While not every last individual is going to have a  tax cut, the vast majority of people will.   We do it through a variety of mechanisms. I will not go through all  of them, but a couple of the mechanisms that I think people understand  and appreciate are, one, we doubled the standard deduction--what does  that mean? That means that a couple filing jointly, as most married  couples do, the first $24,000 of income they earn doesn't get taxed at  all--zero, nothing. They don't owe a dime to the Federal Government on  the first $24,000 that they earn. That one step alone results in a tax  reduction for many millions of Americans. In addition, we lower  marginal tax rates so that the income people earn above $24,000 gets  taxed at lower rates under our bill than under current law. We also  dramatically increase the child tax credit so that families with  children get this additional benefit on top of the ones I just  mentioned.   The net effect of all of this is that every single income category  pays less in taxes. You don't have to take my word for it; that is the  joint tax nonpartisan review of our bill. And low-income earners  receive the largest percentage of benefits of all.   For people who are listening to this debate, whether in the Chamber  here or watching C-SPAN, I can understand that they could be a little  frustrated because they hear our Democratic colleagues say: This is a  terrible deal for the middle class. Some have even said it is a tax  increase. And they have heard me and other Republicans say this is  absolutely a tax cut for the middle class. Who are they to believe? I  understand that frustration.   Let me suggest that there is a simple way to cut through all of  this--there are two, actually.   No. 1, look what happened on the Senate floor during debate on this.  The same sort of argument was taking place when a Democratic Senator  offered an amendment to take our tax policy for low- and middle-income  families and individuals and make it permanent. If this were a bad deal  for the middle class, presumably all the Democratic Senators would vote  no, but they did not. They voted yes. It was really quite an  extraordinary compliment to our work that they offered an amendment to  take what we did--which is not yet permanent; we weren't able to do  that; we are going to come back and revisit that, and I hope we will  make it permanent--and said: This is so good, we should make it  permanent right now. So I appreciate the compliment. I appreciate the  validation of the tax cut, that this is for low-income and middle- income families, and I want to work with them to make sure it is  permanent. We should be able to do that.    The second way we know where the truth lies in this debate is in late  January, early February, just check your paycheck. Take a look.  Withholding is going to go down because you are going to owe less money  to Uncle Sam, so you are going to get a take-home pay raise. It is as  simple as that. So the mystery will be all gone when people take a look  at their check and discover that, yes, look at that, I actually got the  pay raise those Republican guys said we were going to get. I am looking  forward to when that happens and, at that point, I think this debate  will shift to other topics. That is my guess.   I also want to touch on the tax reform on the business side because I  think that is what is likely to drive the economic growth and the  opportunities I want to see for the people I represent. It comes in a  context. The context is the weakest economic recovery in the history of  the Republic. After a very severe recession in 2008, we never really  had the booming recovery we have always had in the past. It is not a  huge mystery why. Our Democratic friends had complete control of the  elective government, and they did all of the things they wanted to do.  They had the ability--and they did--huge, repeated tax increases with  no reforms, a virtual takeover of healthcare, an avalanche of new  regulations, and a massive spending binge. They did all of those things  and, unsurprisingly, we got a weak economy, not a strong economy.   One of the specific problems we have had and that has plagued us ever  since that recession is a collapse in the growth of the capital stock,  which caused a collapse in the growth of productivity, and without  productivity, it is not at all surprising that workers aren't getting  raises. The path to higher wages for workers is allowing workers to  become more productive. To be more productive, they need better tools,  and better tools are acquired through investment.   So that was lacking, and that is the heart of what we are fixing. Our  reform goes right to this challenge of lowering the cost of deploying  capital. What do I mean by deploying capital? What I mean is investing  in the very kind of equipment that makes workers more productive and  allows them to earn higher wages.   A simple example is, you go to a construction site and there are two  guys working and one of them is working a backhoe and the other is  working a shovel. They are both digging a hole. They are both moving  dirt. Which one do you think is getting paid more? The guy operating  the backhoe is always making more money because he is able to be so  much more productive than any human can be with just his bare hands and  a shovel. So when we make it more affordable for businesses to go out  and buy new tractors, new equipment, new machinery, that gives them the  chance to put those more valuable tools into the hands of their  workers.   By the way, someone also has to build those things. Someone has the  job at Caterpillar of making that tractor. Someone has the job of  making that vehicle. Someone has the job of making the machinery.   So all of these things coming together are a very powerful driver of  economic growth--not the only one. Not only do we lower the cost of  acquiring that equipment, we also lower the top rate that businesses  pay.   We have arguably the most uncompetitive Tax Code in the world--the  top rate of 35 percent. What we do in our bill is we lower that rate to  21 percent--slightly below the average of the nations we compete with;  pretty close to the average. This is going to free up American workers  and businesses to compete and win in all kinds of fields where we are  getting beaten today. That is going to come to an end because when we  have a chance to compete on a level playing field, American workers and  American business, we compete and we usually win. We are going to get  back to winning.   We also recognize that most businesses in America are not organized  as C corps, they are organized as  [[Page S8115]]  passthroughs--small, subchapter S companies, partnerships. So we have a  corollary, a reduction in tax rates for them. It comes as a deduction  against their earnings. It doesn't apply to all partnerships.  Professional services partnerships, for instance, don't get this  treatment. I would like to revisit that. I think we want to revisit  that because I personally would like to see this treatment expanded to  that category, but the vast majority of businesses--partnerships, S  corps, C corps--are going to experience a significant tax cut that is  going to allow them to compete.   Another big, important feature is moving away from this global  taxation system we have. We have all been so disturbed by the stories  we have read about of American companies being acquired, sometimes by a  much smaller company overseas, not because the economics of the  transaction make a lot of sense but because the Tax Code drives them.  It just makes very little sense, from a tax point of view, to have a  multinational company headquartered in the United States.   So we have been driving these transactions that are terrible. They  usually cost us jobs. They cost us growth. This comes to an end with  this reform. We are not going to have this system where we punish  business for bringing money back home to the United States. This  punishment ends, and it is going to encourage a huge inflow of capital,  of accumulated profits back into the United States, because no longer  will companies be facing a penalty tax unique in the world. That is  over. It is a very constructive development.   What does it mean when you take one of the world's worst business tax  codes and you turn it into arguably one of the best? It means more  investment. It means more people all around the world are going to want  to invest in America. It means more Americans are going to want to  invest in starting a new business or expanding an existing business. It  means more business will be able to afford the tools and the equipment  and the vehicles I referred to earlier. That is the source of economic  growth.   Some of our colleagues on the other side don't seem to acknowledge  that this is a reality, but there is no great mystery here. When you  lower the cost of something, you get more of it, and when we lower the  cost we impose on businesses becoming more productive, we will have  more productivity.   All of this comes at a very interesting time in the economic cycle.  What I am referring to is the fact that we are arguably close to what  economists think of as full employment--4.1 percent, 4 percent. Very  seldom does the American economy go below 4 percent for extended  periods. It means that when this money gets put to work--when companies  go out and start buying this equipment--they need workers to fill the  orders, but then they need workers to operate the equipment. Demand for  workers is going to go up.   What happens when demand for workers goes up at a time when there is  a relatively small number who are not employed? It means upward  pressure on the wages of those workers. This is exactly the dynamic we  have been waiting for and we are going to trigger that and we are going  to watch this happen. I think it is going to start relatively quickly-- probably next year--that we will start to see upward pressure on wages.  That means the people I represent are going to find that they have  options, they have higher compensation, they are getting a pay raise  because their employer--it is not because employers suddenly wake up  one day and decide: Oh, I will just be more generous today. It is  nothing of the sort. This is the only way they can hold on to their  workforce, hold on to the employees they need.   So it is very likely we are going to see an increasing share of the  total economic output in the hands of the workers who produce it, and I  think that is a terrific development.   A couple of other points I want to touch on briefly. One is that this  legislation also effectively repeals the individual mandate of  ObamaCare. Technically, what we do is we zero out the penalty. The  penalty for noncompliance goes to zero, and so that is equivalent to  repeal.   First of all, this is a great strike for freedom, in my view. It is  appalling to think that the Federal Government has the right to force  an American to buy a product against his or her will--a terrible  infringement on the freedom of Americans.   Our Democratic colleagues have described this repeal as a stake  through the heart of ObamaCare. Think about what a damning indictment  that is about ObamaCare. It is a stake through the heart. If the only  way ObamaCare can survive is if people are forced to buy the product  against their wishes, what kind of product could that be? What kind of  business model depends on forcing people to buy your product because  they will not buy it if it is voluntary?   So not only is it a significant strike for freedom, it is also tax  relief for low-income folks. This ObamaCare penalty in Pennsylvania, in  my State--and I think my State is typical--83 percent of the people who  get hit with this tax penalty are in a household that earns less than  $50,000 a year. So this is more direct relief for low- and middle- income folks.   The last point I want to make--and I see my colleague from Ohio on  the floor. He did amazing, great work getting us to this point. He was  a pleasure to work with and enormously knowledgeable, and I just want  to congratulate him for where we are today.   A quick word about the deficits. Let me start with a very simple  observation. I am convinced that when we pass this legislation and it  is signed into law, the Federal budget deficits will shrink as a result  of this legislation. It is very simple. The reason I say that is the  economic growth, the response to the reforms, the very profound reforms  we are making are going to give us a bigger economy to tax, and the  extra growth, the bigger economy, means more revenue to the Federal  Government. So you could reasonably ask: Well, OK, how much more growth  do you really need, though, in order to offset the lost revenue that  comes from some of the changes you are making? Fortunately, that is a  simple exercise in arithmetic.   We know what the answer is. Whether it is Joint Tax or the  Congressional Budget Office, the nonpartisan analysis is, we will need  to average between two- and four-tenths of a percent of extra GDP  growth--extra economic growth--each year, on average, for the next 10  years. If we do that, then we will have a smaller deficit as a result  of this legislation, not a larger one.   So, for me, what this bill comes down to is a simple question: Do you  believe in America? Do you believe in the capacity of the American  people to restore the vibrant growth we used to take for granted,  decade after decade of annual growth of over 3 percent that caused  people's wages to rise and the standard of living to grow?   We have had this period that has been stagnant, and some of our  friends think, Well, that is what America is now. Just get used to it.  Accept it. That is the new normal--barely 2 percent growth, if you are  lucky. I think that is nonsense, and it is not true.   I still believe in America. I still believe in American workers. I  still believe in our system. I still believe we are capable of  restoring the kind of growth that has always been our birthright.   I think this legislation takes a huge step in that direction. It is a  direct, immediate tax cut and, therefore, a pay raise for the hard- working people I represent, and it is a series of reforms that is going  to encourage economic growth that will result in higher wages and a  better standard of living as well.   I am thrilled with the opportunity we have tonight, and I urge all of  my colleagues to support this legislation.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Ohio.   