 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds from  being used to implement the District of Columbia's Reproductive Health  Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014, or RHNDA.   This law prevents religious and pro-life advocacy organizations from  making employment decisions consistent with their institutional  mission. The First Amendment States in part that ``Congress shall make  no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free  exercise thereof. . . . ''   Without my amendment, some employers in the District of Columbia  would be forced to embrace the beliefs of the 13 members of the D.C.  Council. D.C. allows abortions until the moment of birth, but a number  of organizations in D.C.--such as March for Life, Americans United for  Life, and the Susan B. Anthony List--exist solely to protect the  sanctity of life.   The Constitution provides them the right to exercise those beliefs  just like it does those who oppose it. That is why, when the District  passed RHNDA, former D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray described it as ``legally  problematic'' saying: `` . . . the bill raises serious concerns under  the Constitution, and under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. . .  . ''   My amendment would restore religious freedom to employers inside the  District of Columbia. Those who want to have an abortion do not have to  work for employers who oppose them. They have life and the liberty to  pursue their own interests with another employer.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona  (Mr. Biggs).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, in spite of numerous requests--with all due  respect to the gentlewoman from Colorado and the distinguished Delegate  from the District of Columbia--in spite of numerous requests, no  exemptions were included in the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination  Amendment Act for either moral or religious objections. I think my  colleague from Colorado just pointed that out, that they intended no  exceptions.   RHNDA, as enacted, has no religious exemption, and legislative  history suggests it may have been passed specifically to target faith- based employers.   Nobody should be forced to take a position one way or the other, or  be able to hire them. By leaving this in place, it exposes employers to  potential lawsuits.   I would like to point out that, in regard to Congress' authority over  this issue, Article I, section 8, clause 17 of the Constitution states  that Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive legislation, in  all cases whatsoever, over the District.   Mr. Chair, I take exception to my colleague's point that it is  acceptable to infringe on the religious liberties of certain people who  actually believe in protecting life. The Constitution does not provide  for only a certain group to practice their religion, but everyone has a  right to practice his or her religion. No government interest can  overcome that constitutional right.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 20 seconds to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Chairman, I want to remind people of what former  Mayor Gray wrote in his letter: ``Religious organizations, religiously  affiliated organizations, religiously driven for-profit entities, and  political organizations may have strong First Amendment and RFRA  grounds for challenging the law's applicability to them.''   The Supreme Court in the Hosanna Tabor v. EEOC decision made it  clear--this was a unanimous decision--that organizations are free to  hire people who are like-minded and who support their views. In regard  to federalism, the Constitution gives Congress the right to legislate  over the District of Columbia.   If D.C. won't respect the rights of its citizens, then it is  Congress' duty to ensure the laws of D.C. comply with Federal law and  the Constitution.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and vote  ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.   