 Mr. President, today's vote to move forward the  President's nominee to join the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals is a new  low. It is a new low that sets a dangerous standard for judges who have  power to make critical decisions that impact the everyday lives of the  people we serve.   John Bush has a clear record--think about it. He is going to be a  judge if this place moves forward tomorrow. John Bush has a clear  record of promoting bigotry and discrimination that have no place in  our courts. We can't let this nomination slide through this body.   Mr. Bush advocated to the U.S. Supreme Court that women should be  barred from attending our military institutions--in this case, Virginia  Military Institute. Think about that. There are people in this body who  just voted on the motion to proceed--a very small majority that passed  this--they are  [[Page S4065]]  voting for a judge who says to the Supreme Court that women should be  barred from attending military institutions like VMI. He went so far as  to call the legal standard allowing women to attend ``destructive.''  And we are going to put him on the court? That wasn't 1950. That wasn't  1960. That wasn't in the 1970s. That wasn't even in the 1980s. It was  in the 1990s when he said that. Luckily, our Nation's Supreme Court  disagreed with Bush's retrograde and sexist opinion by a vote of 7 to  1.   But, alas, Bush wasn't deterred. To this day, he is still a member of  an organization that doesn't allow women to join. He has been a member  of groups that have a history of barring Jews and African Americans.  Maybe we see some signs of that at the White House, but we shouldn't be  affirming that on the Senate floor. One of these groups actually  changed its street address after the city of Louisville renamed the  street where the front entrance sits for the boxing legend Muhammad  Ali. Think about that.   Senator McConnell himself resigned from that same organization  because, according to the Lexington Herald-Leader, the majority leader  said he ``thought it was no longer appropriate to belong to a club that  discriminated, and my impression was that the club did.'' But we are  bringing to the floor a vote for a judge who still belongs.   Leader McConnell went on to reference a commonly accepted Senate  standard that Federal judges should not belong to discriminatory  organizations, saying: ``I thought if it was inappropriate for a  federal judge to belong to an all-white club, it certainly was  something a United States Senator shouldn't do.''   So I guess the logic here is that Senators shouldn't belong to a  Whites-only club, but Senators should vote for Federal judges who can  belong to a Whites-only club.   I agree with Senator McConnell that a Senator shouldn't belong, but  no Federal judge should belong to a group with a history of  discrimination, especially a recent history of discrimination.   Bush regularly contributed to a conservative blog using a fake name.  There he advocated extreme political views on issues, including  healthcare, campaign finance, LGBT rights, climate change--all critical  issues that come before this court, the Sixth Circuit serving Michigan,  Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. He even cited White supremacist sources.  We are going to vote for this man? He even cited White supremacist  sources that pushed the conspiracy theory that President Obama was not  born in the United States.    I know the President of the United States--the man who sits in the  White House--also subscribed to those birther theories, and only late  in his campaign did he say: Well, I do, in fact, believe that the  President was born in the United States. He, at least--the President of  the United States, the sitting President, then-Candidate Trump--at  least finally retracted that. Mr. Bush seems to continue to say that  President Obama wasn't born in the United States and cited those White  supremacy theorists who pushed that conspiracy theory.   He has expressed hostility toward women's rights to make their own  personal, private healthcare decisions. In a 2005 public speech--again,  not in 1965 or 1975 or 1985, but in a 2005 public speech, he cavalierly  repeated a hateful homophobic slur. I would repeat it, but I don't  think it is proper to use that language on the floor of the Senate. I  also don't think it is proper to vote for a nominee to be a judge who  feels cavalierly that he can use that term. He said Speaker of the  House Nancy Pelosi should be gagged. He has attacked Senator Ted Cruz,  our colleague in this body.   Everyone is entitled to free speech, obviously, even if they choose  to do it under a fake name. And Mr. Bush is entitled to his political  opinions, no matter how offensive. I, of course, defend his right to  say whatever he wants. I think others do too. But those opinions have  no place in a Federal court whose job it is to interpret the law fairly  and impartially.   Can Mr. Bush be trusted to put aside his personal views when  considering the law? Even according to his own words, he can't. At Mr.  Bush's hearing, my friend from North Carolina, Senator Tillis, asked  Mr. Bush if judicial impartiality is ``an aspiration or an absolute  expectation.'' Bush responded that impartiality is an aspiration--so,  in other words, not an expectation. He doesn't think he needs to be an  impartial judge; he just needs to be able to say that he tried.   To administer the law fairly and impartially is the No. 1 job of a  judge. The ability to do so is the most basic qualification for the  job. Judicial impartiality is a principle of democracy and the backbone  of our government. It is the reason African Americans and women can  vote, that segregation is part of the past, and that marriage  inequality is part of the past.   I saw dozens of Democrats and Republicans last night at the Library  of Congress listen to the words of Taylor Branch, perhaps the most  noted historian of the civil rights movement, in an interview speaking  to us about Dr. King having one foot in the Scriptures and one foot in  the Constitution as he advanced and advocated for civil rights. We know  what that means for our country. Last night, I saw Republicans and  Democrats coming together and celebrating that. Then today on the  Senate floor, we are voting for somebody like Mr. Bush, who eschews all  of those values we hold dear as a country.   The courts are the reason that women can now attend the Virginia  Military Institute. It is the difference between upholding and  oppressing the rights of the people we serve.   Think about this: The Obergefell decision--Obergefell v. Hodges in  Ohio--was the decision that guaranteed the right to marriage equality.  It came out of the Southern District of Ohio and was initially appealed  to the Sixth Circuit in Cincinnati. Imagine if a man who boldly  repeated homophobic slurs had heard the Obergefell appeal. Think about  that. He thinks it is very acceptable in public to make speeches and  use homophobic slurs, and he is now sitting on the court bench making  decisions about this.   Imagine if today an LGBT Ohioan or a Michigander or someone from  Senator McConnell's home State or Senator Alexander's home State of  Tennessee--if they faced this man, could they be confident that their  case would be decided fairly and impartially and that justice would be  served? Could we be confident that it would when we have a man who will  stand up at an event in a big city, the largest city in Kentucky, and  engage in homophobic slurs?   I have heard from both African Americans and Jewish Americans who are  absolutely outraged at this nomination, partly because he is unfit to  serve and partly because now, as Senator Whitehouse, my friend from  Rhode Island, who has one of the best judicial minds in this body, has  said, if we confirm Bush, it is going to lower the bar in the future to  where it is OK to engage in racist talk or homophobic or misogynist  talk; it is OK because Judge Bush did, and he is sitting on the Sixth  Circuit, so why not bring some more forward? Is that the standard, that  your votes today--the 51 Members of this body who voted for cloture--is  that the standard you want to set for the future?   Organizations with a history of fighting for justice and equality  have written to me opposing this nomination, including the Human Rights  Campaign, the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, the National  Council of Jewish Women, the Leadership Conference, and on and on and  on.   We have a responsibility to hold judges to the highest standard. The  job demands it. The people we serve--the people whose lives can be  forever changed by the decisions these judges make--deserve it. We  cannot allow the bar to be lowered for what is considered acceptable  behavior by members of the Federal bench because as this bar is  lowered, the faith of citizens in the courts and in this body falls  along with it. That is the tone we are setting. That is the precedent  we are setting.   I am not a lawyer. A lot of my colleagues who voted for John Bush to  be confirmed are lawyers. They understand what precedent means. They  understand what political precedent means in this body. I don't think  they want that bar lowered because they know that if we do, as I said,  the faith of citizens in the courts and in this body falls along with  it.  [[Page S4066]]    I hope my colleagues join me in opposing Mr. Bush and show the  American people that the Senate still has high expectations and that we  still stand for decency and impartiality in our Federal judiciary.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sullivan). The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   