 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Brady and  all the members of the Ways and Means staff who have worked tirelessly  in order to bring this bill forward.   I can't tell you how excited I am to be here today. My friend, Mr.  Larson, I notice he wears a pin with a picture of John Kennedy, one of  my favorite Presidents of all time.   Let me just read from a speech that President Kennedy gave on  December 14, 1962. This is 55 years ago, and he gave it in an address  to the Economic Club of New York.   ``Our true choice is not between tax reduction, on the one hand, and  the avoidance of large Federal deficits on the other. It is  increasingly clear that no matter what party is in power, so long as  our national security needs keep rising, an economy hampered by  restrictive tax rates will never produce enough revenues to balance our  budget--just as it will never produce enough jobs or enough profits.   `` . . . only full employment can balance the budget, and tax  reduction can pave the way to that employment. The purpose of cutting  taxes now is not to incur a budget deficit, but to achieve the more  prosperous, expanding economy, which can bring a budget surplus.''   Keeping that in mind--and I hear the debate going back and forth--I  would just encourage all of our Members: you are going to have a choice  today to take your voting card, and you are going to put it in the  voting machine, and you can push a green button that says ``go,''  putting this Nation back on track, making America the greatest economic  power in the world; or you can push the red button and say: you know  what, just not something I can vote for today because it is just not  exactly what I want.   Next week, 50 million Americans will travel because they want to come  home; they want to come home for the holidays; they want to come home  for Thanksgiving. This bill is a Thanksgiving bill. This is a jobs bill  because what we are telling corporate America is we want you to come  home. We want to make this a more favorable environment for you to  live, to work, to succeed, because we know that true success in  business is only a sustainable business model.   So when you tax people at the highest rate in the industrialized  world, when you regulate people that puts them in an uncompetitive  advantage on the shelf, they can't exist, and so where do they go? They  have to leave home to go overseas to find that answer.   Now, I just want to go over some things that really are important. A  friend of mine by the name of George Abraham, who is a basketball  coach--George and I were talking one day, and we were talking about the  value of winning. And George said to me: You know what, Mike, the only  position you want to be in is the number one position.   And I said: Really?   He goes: Yes. Because anything other than finishing first is you  finish with the rest.   If you were to take a survey, and Forbes did, and they said: If you  were starting a business today, where would you start that business?   And right away, I would say: Are you kidding me? It is the United  States of America because of who we are, our greatness.   And no, there are 22 other countries that people say I would rather  go someplace else than do it right here in America. That is incredible.  And when we talk about where we are as a people--where we are as a  people--listen to these figures. These are not my figures, by the way.  This is the Tax Foundation:   Cuts for Americans at every economic level;   Reduces taxes by almost $1,200 for every average-size middle-income  American family;   Reduces taxes by almost $2,000 for every average-size middle-income  family in Pennsylvania's Third District;   Grows national GDP by 3.5 percent;   Increases American wages by 2.7 percent;   Increases after-tax income for every taxpayer by 3.8 percent in the  long run;   Increases after-tax incomes for median families in Pennsylvania by  over $2,300;   Creates almost 900,000 new American jobs; and   Creates, in my State of Pennsylvania, over 36,000 new jobs.   So I say, this is a jobs bill. This is a revenue raiser for us. This  is about bringing people back home. This is about more take-home pay  for every hardworking American guy and gal who is out there who gets up  every day and gets up to do one thing, and that is, to protect their  families and work in the interest of their country.   I am just asking you today to look at this card and know that you  have within the power of your vote to unleash the greatest economy in  the world, to unshackle it from a Tax Code that makes it impossible to  compete globally, that overregulates it and forces it offshore, and  then blames them for leaving.   This is a ``come on back home.'' This is a ``don't leave home; stay  here; we are on your side; we are going to work with you; and we are  going to get there.''   I ask my friends on both sides of the aisle: Let's do what is right  for America. If it is right for America, it is right for Republicans,  it is right for Democrats, it is right for Independents, it is right  for Libertarians, it is right for America.   This is the right time to do the right thing. My friends, we cannot  stay where we are. A standpat hand is a nonwinning hand. The ability to  move forward, the ability to absolutely not just participate in a  global economy but dominate a global economy and give every single  American the faith and a future and restore the faith they need to have  in this body that we are doing the best thing in their interest every  single day that we come here.   