 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this legislation,  which I know does not surprise the chairman.   I have been here for some time. I was here in the 1990s. I was here  in the 2000s. Frankly, we took the referee off the field in the 2000s,  and we didn't put the referee as toughly on the field in the late 1990s  as we should have. Brooksley Born warned us about that, and we kept our  eyes shut, and keeping our eyes shut cost millions and millions and  millions of people their jobs, their homes, and their security.   Let us not return to the time of taking the referee off the field.  This bill does that. It is a dangerous piece of legislation. The bill  which my Republican colleagues have put forward would put the American  people at risk once again of having to bail out institutions if they  lose money on risky investments.   Let me say to my Republican friends: I share their view that  community banks should not be treated as too-big-to-fail banks.  However, having said that, this bill takes the referee off the field  one more time. It would effectively eliminate the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau that is now the American people's watchdog.   We have spent a lot of time this year in the last 5 months passing  bills under the Congressional Review Act that have reduced consumer  protections, civil rights protections, teacher protections,  environmental protections. All we are doing is spending our time taking  away protections for the American people and their futures.   Have we learned nothing, Mr. Chairman? Those who fail to learn from  history, it is often said, are doomed to repeat it. Let us not doom our  citizens to repeat it. Let us not fail to learn the lessons of 2008.  Let us not doom ourselves to repeating the mistakes of the past.   The American people, average investors, and retirees, along with  those who use our markets to save for college and purchase a home,  deserve, and now have, commonsense protections.   Nobody is seeking to punish or limit what financial firms do well,  and that is create and raise capital, but we must ensure that there are  referees on the field to protect investors and taxpayers and citizens  and, yes, our families and our children. This bill does the opposite. I  urge my colleagues to reject it.   