 Mr. President, our military and our intelligence  community grapple with intersecting issues that aren't wholly unique to  this day and age. Our national security has always been imperiled by  foreign threats, from the Revolutionary War to two World Wars, and we  previously faced a seemingly unsurmountable debt burden following World  War II.   The challenge seems to be, as it always is in a democracy, that  people of different views differ on the sense of urgency on priorities  and the means to address both those threats and our financial house in  order to be able to pay for what it takes to keep America safe. What is  unique is the range and complexity of the problems we face and their  scale.    I am reminded of a sobering quote from the former Director of  National Intelligence during a hearing just last year, former Director  James Clapper, who served 50 years in the U.S. intelligence community.  He said: ``In my time in the intelligence business, I don't recall a  time when we have been confronted with a more diverse array of  threats.'' I agree with him.   On top of that diverse array of threats, never before has our country  been at war for such an extended period of time since 9/11, and never  before have we done so much with an all-volunteer military force  stressed by repeated deployments, while at the same time defense  spending has been cut by nearly 15 percent over the last 8 years.   So the United States is at a crossroads when it comes to meeting the  diverse threats we face today, while simultaneously preparing for the  ever-evolving future threats headed our way tomorrow.   I wish to first provide a little bit of context about our lack of  readiness to meet those threats by framing the challenges our military  and our Nation faces, and then I wish to offer some thoughts about how  we can rise to meet these challenges and maintain our military  preeminence and leadership in the world.   First, there are the challenges abroad. We face a range of  adversaries unlike any other in our history. In the Middle East, even  as ISIS forces are pushed back in Iraq, their ideology spreads like a  contagion through their so-called cyber caliphate, and it continues to  permeate the West and attract the vulnerable and the disillusioned. FBI  Director Comey has said that his agency has open investigations into  home-grown jihadists in all 50 States.   Iran, under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, is a breakout  nuclear threat and remains the No. 1 state sponsor of terrorism in the  world. At the same time, it is rapidly growing its ballistic missile  arsenal and has regained much of its financial strength following  sanctions relief under the JCPOA.   Then there is Syria. Since the Syrian civil war began, 400,000 have  died in a bloody civil war, while Bashar al-Assad, a brutal dictator  known to repeatedly use chemical weapons on his own people despite  redlines drawn, enjoys Russian and Iranian support and protection.   In addition to its meddling in the Middle East, Russia has invaded  eastern Ukraine and annexed Crimea. It routinely threatens NATO member  states and has ramped up its use of ``active measures''--a program of  both overt and covert action that leverages propaganda, cyber  espionage, social media, and a sometimes gullible mainstream media both  here and abroad--to influence and undermine public confidence in the  very foundation of our democracies, which are our free and fair  elections.   In the Pacific, China seeks to advance its regional dominance by  making claims to former sandbars and reefs  [[Page S2568]]  that it has now built into strategic military bases--complete with a  10,000 foot runway--in the South China Sea.   Finally, as we learned more about yesterday at the White House in the  briefing from the President's national security advisers, North Korea  continues to develop and test its nuclear and ballistic missile  capabilities with the threat of soon being able to combine the two to  threaten the continental United States and wreak death and destruction.   Many before me have observed that American strength on the world  stage is a deterrent and a stabilizing influence, while weakness is an  invitation to our adversaries and inherently destabilizing. I think  that proposition has never been more evident than it is today.   But to address these threats--to maintain the peace and fight, if we  must--we need a capable, ready, and modern military force. But the  truth is we are not ready. While I believe America will always rise to  the challenges once roused from our national complacency, it makes a  dangerous world even more dangerous.   U.S. military readiness and modernization--already under great stress  and stretched thin around the world--has suffered 15 years of continued  operations and simultaneous budgetary restrictions and deferred  maintenance and investment. That has led to some very real consequences  for our military. Let me just illustrate a few of those consequences.   According to General Walters, the Assistant Commandant of the Marine  Corps, more than half of all Marine Corps fixed- and rotary-wing  aircraft were unable to fly at the end of 2016. Let me say that again.  That is a shocking statistic. More than half of the Marine Corps'  fixed- and rotary-wing aircraft were unable to fly by the end of 2016.  These aircraft are in constant operation overseas and are absolutely  necessary to continue the fight against ISIS and terrorism, yet half of  them are unable to take off.   The Navy fleet currently stands at 275 of the 350 ship requirement.  Law mandates an inventory of 11 aircraft carriers and has a stated  force level goal of 12. But today, the Navy requires a waiver in order  to operate just 10, currently. As we all know, these carrier strike  groups deploy worldwide, and, as the Navy likes to say, they act as  ``100,000 tons of diplomacy that doesn't need a permission slip.''   Of our 58 Army brigade and combat teams, only three are considered  fully ready for combat. These are the main building blocks of the Army  that support the majority of Army operations, and only three are fully  ready. Keep in mind, too, that our Army is smaller than at any time  since before World War II, as a result of draconian cuts in defense  spending.   Finally, when it comes to our Air Force, General Wilson, the Air  Force Vice Chief of Staff, recently testified: ``Sustained global  commitments and funding reductions have eroded our Air Force to the  point where we have become one of the smallest, oldest equipped, and  least ready forces across the full-spectrum of operations in our  service history.'' The Air Force currently has 5,500 aircraft in its  inventory. That is down from 8,600 since 1991. The average aircraft in  the U.S. Air Force is 27 years old. For example, I was at Dyess Air  Force Base in Abilene, TX, just last week, viewing some of their B-1  bombers, which is a plane first flown in 1974.   Then, of course, there is the grandpa of our aircraft fleet, the B- 52--that is still in operation--first introduced in the 1950s.   The Air Force is also experiencing a pilot shortage crisis due to the  pressure on the force, including quality of life issues and, of course,  increased demand and competition from the airline industry.   So our military faces these internal issues as well. No one would  argue that in order to keep the peace and to protect our national vital  interests, we must have a credible and modern force. But the hard truth  is that we don't currently meet that standard, and we can't afford to  ignore the problems.   So why, I ask, do we continue to do so? More importantly, the  question is this: Where do we go from here? How can we assure that our  military can maintain its competitive edge and ensure it is ready to  meet these and future challenges? I have a few suggestions.   First, we must fund our military to meet the threat environment, not  do what we can to meet the threat environment with what we funded for  the military. In other words, the threat should determine the resources  necessary to meet that threat. So I would suggest we should start by  eliminating sequestration of Department of Defense funding under the  2011 Budget Control Act. The truth is that the Budget Control Act was  never meant to cut military spending. It was meant to spur action.  Remember the supercommittee and the hoped-for grand bargain? Instead,  the BCA took a meat ax to our defense budget. Allowing the Budget  Control Act to keep making automatic cuts to our military until 2021  does not serve the national security interests of the United States. It  does the opposite. These cuts add risk not just to our national  security but also to our servicemembers and their families--who, as I  said, have been fighting the longest war in our Nation's history--and  it does so by undermining their training, readiness, and modernization.   At a time when our growing national security threats require greater  investment in technology, we are tying the hands of our military and  simply hoping for the best. So if we want to return to a strong  American military after years of stress and inadequate funding, we need  to start with ending the Department of Defense sequestration.   Of course, the next logical question becomes this: If we do away with  the defense portions of the Budget Control Act, how do we control  overspending, deficits, and unsustainable national debt, which is a  serious problem?   That brings me to my second point. A bipartisan Congress and the  Trump administration must address our budget priorities by looking at  and addressing all government spending, not just the 30 percent or so  represented by discretionary spending. Right now, about 70 percent of  Federal spending isn't even appropriated by the Congress. It simply  runs on autopilot, and it grew last year at the rate of 5.5 percent,  while discretionary spending has remained relatively flat. Until we  have the political courage on a bipartisan basis to tackle our  structural financial problems, we will never adequately fund the  military or our other national priorities.   We also need a bipartisan commitment to ending continuing resolutions  and the self-destructive drama and narrative of potential government  shutdowns.   Most importantly, perhaps, the Defense Department needs to be able to  plan, not just for the duration of the next continuing resolution, but  it needs to be able to plan long term and to spend the money that is  appropriated to it in an efficient way.   The Chief of Staff of the Air Force, General Goldfein, captured the  point well 2 months ago, when he said: ``There is no enemy on the  planet that can do more to damage the United States Air Force than us  not getting a budget.'' This sentiment is shared by all the service  chiefs, and I wholeheartedly agree.   In a Department as big, as large, and as unwieldy as the Department  of Defense, there is no doubt that there is room to streamline, improve  efficiencies, and reduce duplication. We can all agree on that. But the  truth is we need to take a hard, strategic look at our budgetary and  fiscal needs across the Federal Government. Endless continuing  resolutions aren't the answer. Continuing resolutions actually limit an  agency's ability to be efficient and flexible, and they prevent the  establishment of new programs and the retiring of the old and obsolete  programs.   At the end of the day, the only way we can rein in spending, get a  handle on our debt, and ensure our military stays ready for the threats  facing it every day is to clearly articulate our country's needs and  how we plan to meet them. That way, we can restore constitutional  oversight responsibilities to Congress.   Finally, Congress has a tremendous opportunity, working with the  Trump administration, to propose a strategy to modernize our military  and prepare for the next generation of warfighting. Both readiness and  modernization have been encumbered by the lack of a coherent national  security and foreign  [[Page S2569]]  policy strategy in recent years, in addition to the blanket  restrictions placed on defense spending.   Too frequently, modernization has simply been pushed aside by myopic  views of how to deal with our financial challenges, which place greater  risk on the warfighter and our collective security. You had better  believe that, not hamstrung by redtape and regulations or continuing  resolutions or deep cuts in defense spending or national security  spending, our enemies take full advantage of our reluctance to deal  with our challenges on a bipartisan basis. All the while, the United  States operates on platforms engineered decades ago to fight the last  generation's wars.   I can't think of a better example than our nuclear weapons program.  This is the preeminent deterrent to war. Our country is the leading  pioneer in science and technology, but instead of modernizing our  nuclear weapons to provide a safe, reliable, and dependable deterrent,  we, in effect, merely extend the service life of outdated and ancient  weapons.    Clearly, we need a coherent national security strategy from President  Trump and his Cabinet to do that. I know Congress is committed to  working with them to make that happen.   By doing away with the Budget Control Act, putting the Pentagon on a  dependable and predictable budget and developing a coherent national  security strategy, we can maintain our status as the top military in  the world. Along the way, we can deter our enemies and reassure our  allies. We don't need to rewrite the playbook. We need to go back to  the basics of government, providing for our national defense and  keeping our fiscal house in order, all in light of the challenges and  threats these times present.   My hope is that we will get out of the rut we have been in the Senate  and in the Congress for the last few years and we will actually  capitalize on this moment--and rally around a bipartisan commitment  that a strong, modern, and ready military is really a nonnegotiable  item--to lay the foundation for a modern military that will continue to  keep our Nation safe for generations. I am committed to working with  the administration and all of my colleagues in order to accomplish  these goals.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Toomey).   