 Mr. President, I rise in support of my resolution of  disapproval under the Congressional Review Act of the FCC's broadband  privacy restrictions. As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee's  Privacy Subcommittee, I have spent more than a year closely examining  this issue.   In February of 2015 the FCC, under then-Chairman Tom Wheeler, took  the unprecedented step of reclassifying broadband providers as ``common  carriers'' under title II of the Communications Act. In other words, on  a 3-to-2 party-line vote, the FCC decided that internet service  providers should be treated like telephone companies for regulatory  purposes. The decision encroached on the Federal Trade Commission's  jurisdiction to regulate ISP privacy policies, stripping these  companies of their traditional privacy regulator.   Recognizing that his actions to impose net neutrality on ISPs created  regulatory uncertainty, last spring Chairman Wheeler began to float the  idea of implementing new FCC privacy rules. The FCC decided, again on a  3-to-2 party-line vote, to move forward with the rule change just  before election day. The whole process was unsettling, to say the  least.   The FCC ultimately decided to commandeer an area of regulatory  authority for itself, without any meaningful check on this unilateral  action. Once it initiated the bureaucratic power grab, it proceeded to  establish new rules restricting the free speech of its regulatory  target.   I submitted comments to the agency expressing my constitutional  concerns about its proposed rule. I wasn't alone in doing so. Noted  Harvard law professor Larry Tribe, hardly one to be confused for a  conservative, did the same. But the rules were finalized nonetheless.   While the FCC recently took a step in the right direction by staying  the application of the privacy rules, these midnight regulations are  still hanging out there. Congress needs to repeal these privacy  restrictions in order to restore balance to the internet ecosystem and  provide certainty to consumers.   These regulations have altered the basic nature of privacy protection  in the United States. For decades, the FTC policed privacy based on  consumer expectations for their data, not bureaucratic preferences.  These consumer expectations were just common sense: Sensitive data  deserves more protection than nonsensitive data.   Unfortunately, the FCC rules dispensed with this commonsense  regulatory approach. Under the new rules, what matters isn't what the  data is but, rather, who uses it. This creates a dual-track regulatory  environment where some consumer data is regulated one way if a company  is using it under the FCC's jurisdiction and an entirely different way  if its use falls under the FTC, or the Federal Trade Commission.   This is all confusing enough, but it gets worse. In the consumer  technology sector, innovation is the name of the game. Companies are  constantly rolling out new products and competing to win over  consumers. By the same token, consumers are always on the lookout for  the newest gadget or app. But the FCC's privacy order makes it  increasingly difficult for consumers to learn about the latest product  offerings from broadband providers. Instead of being notified about  faster and more affordable alternatives for their family's home  internet needs, under the FCC's privacy order, Arizonans might get left  in the dark.   The FCC's heavyhanded data requirements restrict the ability of  broadband providers to offer services tailored to their customers'  needs and interests, and they lead to inconsistent treatment of  otherwise identical data online. When a regulation diminishes  innovation, harms consumer choice, and is just all-around confusing, it  is a bad regulation. The FCC's privacy rule for ISPs is a bad  regulation.   When it chose to impose needlessly onerous privacy regulations on  broadband providers while leaving the rest of the internet under the  successful FTC regime, the FCC unfairly picked one politically favored  industry--the edge providers--to prevail over a different industry-- broadband.   Repealing the FCC's privacy action is a crucial step toward restoring  a single, uniform set of privacy rules for the internet. The FTC's  privacy rules are the result of an ongoing, data-driven effort to  understand and protect consumer expectations. That is the FTC. The  FCC's rules, on the other hand, are the hasty byproduct of political  interest groups and reflect the narrow preferences of well-connected  insiders.   To sum all of this up, the FCC's midnight privacy rules are confusing  and counterproductive. This CRA will get rid of it, pure and simple.  But let me say what it won't do. Despite claims to the contrary, using  this CRA will not leave consumers unprotected. That is because the FCC  is already obligated to police the privacy practices of broadband  providers under section 222 of the Communications Act, as well as  various other Federal and State laws.   Both Chairman Wheeler and Chairman Pai agree on that point. Just last  week, Chairman Pai wrote to my friends on the other side of the aisle  confirming this legal fact.   This resolution will not disrupt the FCC's power, nor will it  infringe on the FTC's jurisdiction elsewhere. Neither will it affect  how broadband providers currently handle consumer data. Broadband  providers are currently regulated under section 222, and they will  continue to be after these midnight regulations are rescinded.   Passing this CRA will send a powerful message that Federal agencies  can't unilaterally restrict constitutional rights and expect to get  away with it. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution of  disapproval.   I yield back the remainder of my time.   