 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution.   I would like to start by thanking Chairman Royce, Ranking Member  Engel, and their staffs for working with me to bring H. Res. 54 to the  floor. I would like to thank my friend from South Carolina, Chairman  Jeff Duncan, who is in charge of the Subcommittee on the Western  Hemisphere and led a delegation to Argentina last March to help restart  relations with the Macri administration.   H. Res. 54 reaffirms the strong U.S. partnership with Argentina and  acknowledges their President Mauricio Macri for his efforts to make the  necessary changes and bring Argentina back into the international  community. President Macri worked hard to stimulate growth and bring  Argentina back as a powerful player in the region after years of  isolationist views from the Kirchners.   I was pleased to visit Argentina last year and see, firsthand, the  changes the new government was making, and it was refreshing to see the  progress already being made. Most importantly, we received assurances  from the Macri administration that they will restart the investigation  into the horrific 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish center in Buenos  Aires, which left 85 dead and hundreds more injured, and the untimely  and suspicious death of prosecutor Alberto Nisman, who was found dead  on the eve of delivering his explosive report which outlined the  connections between the bombing, Iran, and former Argentina President  Cristina Kirchner's efforts to cover up these links. Unfortunately, the  victims of these attacks and their families still lack answers to what  really occurred, and the troubling reports of Iran's role in the  bombing deserves thorough investigation that finally brings the  perpetrators to justice.   Argentina is a great partner and a friend, and I believe we must  continue to support our friends and continue to grow this critical  relationship. Once again, I thank my colleagues for their support of  this resolution and urge Members of the House to support H. Res. 54 to  further strengthen the great ties our country has with Argentina.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Sherman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume for  the purpose of closing.   In conclusion, let me say that the U.S.-Argentina relationship is  critical, and I stand in strong support of H. Res. 54.   Argentina's new President, Mauricio Macri, has done a tremendous job  reforming their outdated and isolationist economic policies. Most  importantly, the Macri administration has renewed its efforts to find  the long sought after justice for the bombing of the AMIA Jewish  Cultural Center, whose perpetrators are still evading justice.   His efforts have improved the lives of countless Argentines, and I  look forward to working with his government to continue building on the  progress we have already made.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution and  thank them all for their support.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   