 Mr. Chairman, here we go again. Today, we are debating a  bill that many of my California colleagues and I have opposed time and  time again on this House floor.   This bill allows Washington, D.C., politicians to pick winners and  losers when it comes to California's water. Now, that is not right.  This is a partisan bill that is opposed by both California Senators as  well as our Governor.   Now, California water is complicated. It is a lot more complicated  than healthcare. But it should be up to Californians to kind of decide  how to use our water, what we ought to do with that water.   Water is incredibly critical to our State. This isn't about picking  winners and losers. When we think about water, we have certainly got to  have storage, we certainly know we are going to have conveyance, but we  have got to do this in a California way.   Unfortunately, H.R. 23 is going to pit northern California against  southern California while overriding California's own State laws. The  bill is also going to gut environmental protections and threaten the  critical Bay-Delta ecosystem.    I fish on the Sacramento River, and salmon fishing is incredibly  important to the State of California as well as the States to the north  of us. This bill is not going to be a good bill. It is going to  devastate the fishing industry.   We also have to think about drinking water for northern California.   Folsom Dam is in my district and Folsom Lake is in my district. It  provides not only flood protection, but Folsom Lake provides surface  drinking water for a lot of my constituents. We tried to put a simple  amendment in here that would actually protect the quality of that  drinking water. Unfortunately, H.R. 23 would mandate pumping levels  that could negatively impact the Folsom Reservoir water supply. That is  going to place many of my constituents at risk.   This isn't a good bill. Let's kill this bill. Let's step back. Let  Californians decide the best way to handle California water. That is  what we ought to do.   Again, this bill is dramatic overreach. It is the Federal Government  stepping into something that the State should actually decide. I hope  my colleagues will join me in opposing this bill.   