 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, as a co-chair of the Victims' Rights Caucus,  along with Congressman Ted Poe, we have over 70 members, bipartisan, to  focus on protecting victims of crime. We also try to ensure that we  protect the VOCA funding that goes for very worthwhile efforts for  organizations throughout the country and to recognize and honor every  year those who stand out on behalf of victims of crime.   I want to commend the chairman and the ranking member for advancing  this legislation, as well as my Senate colleagues, because there is a  companion piece of legislation that is attempting to address this  horrible issue in which you have so often young athletes--Olympic- caliber athletes--some who actually have participated in the Olympics,  who, at a very young age, find themselves victims of these horrific  crimes, through no fault of their own.   Sexual assault, in any form, is a horrible crime and it leaves  lasting damage to its victims. Sadly, some victims of assault are  children who may be incapable of truly understanding what is happening  to them at the time. However, years later, when this poor child comes  to understand what happened, they are faced with the reality that  someone who is supposed to be looking after their well-being actually  betrayed them. This leaves real and very lasting damage that can take  decades, if not years, for the person to deal with.   In some instances, sexual assault victims may not discover their  injuries or the violation until adulthood, years after the abuse  happened, years after the processing of their own internal trauma,  years after feeling strong enough finally to go public.   A perfect example of this is in child pornography. How is a young  child supposed to find, process, and accuse someone of a crime that  they simply didn't even know existed?   There are legitimate constitutional debates dealing with the criminal  and civil process. We understand that. Current and future legal  scholars will debate those. I am not a lawyer; I am a farmer. But as a  farmer, I know we should be able to agree on one simple principle, and  that principle is that these victims deserve their day in court, they  deserve due process, and they deserve their time to face the person who  assaulted them and to ask their fellow citizens or a judge for justice.   It is our responsibility to do what we can to protect child victims  and to ensure that they have access to the courts. That is what this  amendment is all about.   Mr. Chairman, I want to, in the effort of comity, offer this  amendment, but I will ask to respectfully withdraw the amendment. This  is an issue that is not going to go away. I know there are different  perceptions on how we deal with this.    I yield to the gentleman.    I will accept that and continue to work with the gentleman  and Chairman Goodlatte from Virginia, because, at the end of the day,  to have some success and to move this forward, we are going to have to  have reconciliation between the Senate bill and the House bill in how  this is treated. I would hope that we would gain that agreement, and  then we could move the legislation for signature.   Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment.   