 Mr. President, yesterday in the middle of the day, the  Presiding Officer and I and the Senator from Texas and others had a  chance to meet with the President and talk about tax relief. It seemed  to me very clear that the President and those of us who are advocating  tax cuts right now are on the same wavelength, which is, let's have tax  cuts for hard-working families, and let's do the other things we need  to do in the Tax Code to ensure that those very same families have  better jobs.   As I said on the floor of the Senate last week, there are two ways to  increase take-home pay. One is to start taking less out of the  paychecks people are getting now, and another one is to give them an  even better paycheck in the future. We need to look at both of those  ways to increase the opportunity for working families and working  individuals.   We are now into the eighth year of almost no economic growth. If  there is no economic growth, there is very little incentive for your  job to be a better paying job than it was the previous year no matter  what has happened to your other costs, and we clearly see that  happening.   We are into the first year of this new administration. We are looking  at 3 percent annual growth after 8 years in which growth didn't exceed  2 percent. Anytime you begin to talk like an economist, people begin to  wonder: Well, what does that have to do with me? Let me just say that  for taxpayers generally, for working families generally, the more  growth you have, one, the more revenue that comes in that takes care of  problems like the deficit. The way you take care of those problems--the  best way--is to grow the economy. Two, people are much more focused on  keeping the workforce they have, getting the best of the workforce that  is coming on board as their workforce moves on for retirement or  relocates or does other things.   Three percent economic growth is not good enough. The post-World War  II average--that is more than seven decades now of average--is, I  think, almost 3\1/2\ percent. There are very few economic problems in  our country that wouldn't be made substantially better, including our  own Federal deficit, if we see growth exceed or even get to the 70-year  average. There is no reason to believe that can't happen.   Yesterday, the President was talking about the two ways to  immediately relieve pressures on families. One is more take-home pay,  and two is a better job that also increases take-home pay. But the  first step we can achieve immediately by the kind of tax relief we  need.   There have been 8 years of stagnant wages. Half of the families in  the country are living paycheck to paycheck. Very few families can face  an emergency that is even $500 without having to restructure what they  are doing and how they are doing it. We can do a better job at this. We  need more jobs. We need higher wages. And the two principal goals of  this tax bill should be to do exactly that--create more wages now, more  take-home pay now, and create an environment in which we are going to  be more competitive. Simplifying the Tax Code is one way to meet that  first impact, having a tax code that people understand better, that  they think is fairer.   A tax code where people think they are being treated fairly is much  more likely to be complied with than a tax code where people see that  somebody else who makes the same amount of money as they make is paying  a lot less taxes than they are paying. The American tax system is  probably the greatest voluntary compliance. Sure, there are laws that  require people to comply, but most people are never impacted by those  laws. They know they could be, but the American people have shown a  willingness to pay their fair share if they know that their fair share  is, in fact, their fair share. A simpler tax system, a more easily  understood tax system, a system that has fewer than the seven different  tax brackets that people pay today are things we can and should  achieve.    Doubling the standard deduction helps a lot when people look at the  $12,000 deduction they have now. For a couple, as they look at that  deduction and realize that deduction, that standard deduction, has  doubled, suddenly, if you are a couple filing jointly, you are not  paying any taxes on the first $24,000 you earn. If you are a single  individual, you are not paying any taxes on the first $12,000 you earn.  Keeping enough of the family-benefiting exemptions helps make the  family do what the family would like to do. What if they would like to  give to their church and charity? There is no discussion saying we  wouldn't keep the standard charitable deduction as a deduction. There  is no discussion that we wouldn't keep home mortgage as a deduction so  we are encouraging homeownership or looking at how to make the child  tax credit bigger rather than smaller.   Many of the early analyses of what this Tax Code would do say that  for a family of four, they would pay more than they are paying now up  to certain income level. Generally, that will turn out not to be the  case--certainly, at the middle-income levels and below if you factor in  the child tax credit, which hasn't been determined yet.   Our tax-writing committee will be looking at that child tax credit as  an important addition to the individual exemptions because it costs  money to raise kids. The Congress surely should understand that,  appreciate that, and factor that into the deductions. Just like we are  doubling the deduction for individual earners, we also have to look at  what that child tax credit should look like.   Tax policies that benefit homeownership, tax policies that encourage  contributing to charities and community activities and church and  synagogue and mosque--your religious activities--all would continue to  be a part of this Tax Code.   Also, when talking about sending kids to school, one way to not have  student debt is to encourage families to have ways to better prepare  for what they, in most cases, would hope would be a goal or an  expenditure their family would make. We can do things like expanding  the Pell grants for poor families, but for families who don't qualify  for that, we can do things that allow the deduction early on for  putting money in a fund that prepares people to go to school.   Keeping well-paying jobs at home and encouraging more jobs to come  here is also an important part of the goal. You can't have the highest  corporate rate in the world and expect that you are going to be as  competitive as you would be with other countries. A corporate rate of  35 percent, in 1986, was fairly near the middle when that rate was  arrived at with President Reagan and others working on it the last time  we did a tax rewrite, and right in the middle is about where we should  be. However, now the situation is we see that right in the middle is no  [[Page S6788]]  longer 35 percent; it is about 20 percent. Ireland just revised its 15  percent rate to 8 percent. Great Britain is reducing their rate to a  little less than 20 percent. They have been, I think, a little more  than 20 percent. We need to be sure the products we make here and the  jobs that are created here--that there is a competitive ability to sell  that same product anywhere in the world, with the advantage, obviously,  of being made by our great workforce but also an advantage where our  tax system doesn't work us out of the marketplace, doesn't make us less  competitive.   A territorial tax system will be one of the things we are going to  hear talked about a lot. For most of us, that doesn't seem to have any  impact. We earn our money here, we pay our taxes here, but we also want  to be sure that if American companies sell products somewhere else and  earn money there, that they can, should, and would bring that money  back to the United States to reinvest it in the kinds of things that  create jobs here.   I think this doesn't have to be all that complicated. We need to  understand what the core principles are. We need to get to those core  principles. We need to get this done this year so people are planning,  in the first months of next year, on how to take advantage of a new,  simpler, fairer, and more competitive Tax Code. This needs to be job  one of this Congress for the next few weeks. We need to get that done  so job one for the country, beginning at the end of this debate, is  what we can do to create more and better jobs and create more take-home  pay for hard-working families.   I am joined by some of my colleagues who are going to talk about this  same topic, I hope, and others. We need to be focused. I can tell, with  the President's comments yesterday, he is focused on this. We are  focused on this. This is a job we need to get done.   I yield the floor.   