 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, we debate a lot of heavy things in the  United States Senate. We make tough decisions. Decisions of the fate of  our country lie in the balance. But day in and day out, sometimes we go  an entire day or week without talking about the people who make America  work: the entrepreneurs, the employees, the employers, the people who  run the businesses, pay the taxes, and employ the citizens who make  this country go.   Today, I rise to talk about two citizens from my home county, Cobb  County. First is David Hankerson. David announced this week his  retirement after being employed by our county for 33 years. He came to  the community development department of the county 33 years ago, and 11  years later, he became the first county manager of the county and  served in that position for a record 24 years. During that time, the  county doubled, not just in its population, but tripled and quadrupled  in its revenue. It did new and different and innovative things. As tax  rates went down, productivity went up. Its popularity as a place to  locate became preeminent. He is one of the shining stars in the State  of Georgia today, in Cobb County.   I rise for a special reason to pay tribute to David Hankerson,  however, because he represents something I was a part of in 1984. At  the time he was being hired, I did not know him as an employee for the  county; I was in the State legislature, trying to change the government  for our county from an elected CEO to an appointed county manager, a  professional operator of the county. That had not been done in Georgia.  In other parts of the country, it had been done successfully. You had  continuity of leadership--someone whose job was to be a good leader,  who wasn't an elected politician, someone who could do the job.   David Hankerson was hired to do that job in Cobb County, GA. He did  one of the most remarkable jobs anyone has ever done. In fact, the  great testimony is that every year since he was there--24 years ago as  county manager--someone has tried to hire him away from Cobb County.  Every year he decided to stay because he once had said: I have made a  commitment. As long as the commitment is returned by the community to  me, I am going to stay and see it through.   On this day, as I rise on the floor of the U.S. Senate to pay tribute  to David Hankerson, I pay tribute equally to all those who make our  government work, our businesses work, our communities work, and our  country work, to the men and women laboring in the fields and toiling  in the vineyards, working in the shops, working in the offices who make  America the great country it is today, and to the great chambers of  commerce that make it happen as well.   I pay great tribute to David Hankerson and thank him for the  contribution and sacrifice he made to the people of Cobb County, GA,  and the State of Georgia.   Mr. President, I would like to pay tribute to one other Georgian, the  retiring chairman and CEO of the Cobb County Chamber of Commerce, David  Connell. This is the kind of guy you really appreciate. He worked for  40 years at the Georgia Power Company. He had 12 different titles in 40  years. He was a great employee of that company, a great member of the  community of Cobb County, a great private citizen, and great personal  friend of mine.   After 40 years of working there and retiring, the county had a big  problem. The chamber of commerce had a scandal. It couldn't find a  leader and was losing its effectiveness. David volunteered to go in as  a chamber board member and spent 1 year as chamber leader. He stayed  there 15 years and led the chamber to new heights unprecedented in our  State and in our county: an AAA bond rating in our county, new  businesses coming and relocating, and even the now-famous relocation of  the Atlanta Braves from downtown Atlanta to suburban Cobb County--one  of the rare moves a professional team has ever made smoothly and  easily. They made it because of David Connell.   David will tell you that when the chamber board found out the Braves  were interested in maybe talking about building a $750 million facility  in the county, they asked David if he would stay until that was  accomplished. He made the commitment to do so, and it took 3\1/2\  years--3\1/2\ long years. It was a lot of effort, all in a circuitous  nature because of the popularity of the Braves and what would have  happened had it gotten out as a rumor that they were coming.   David closed that deal this year. The Braves opened this season in a  new stadium. With three-quarters of a billion dollar investment having  been made, the county is more prosperous. David Connell made it happen.   He announced this week that he is retiring after 40 years at the  power company and 15 years at the Cobb County Chamber of Commerce.   I want to take a moment on the floor of the Senate to say thank you  to David Connell for what he has done for our county and our community,  for our citizens and our families, and how proud I am as one of his  friends. I thank him for a job well done.   David, thank you. We are proud of you. God bless you, and God bless  the United States of America.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Colorado.   