 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 3043, the  Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017, sponsored by the  gentlewoman from the State of Washington (Mrs. McMorris Rodgers).   This bill simply intends to bring hydropower permitting into the 21st  century by improving efficiency, accountability, and transparency  within the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and also reducing  Federal duplication.   Hydropower is a reliable and emissions-free source of electricity  that accounts for much of the Nation's total renewable electricity  generation. In fact, only 3 percent of existing dams in the United  States produce hydroelectricity. This illustrates the vast opportunity  in this country for new hydropower generation.   In the Water, Power, and Oceans Subcommittee of the Natural Resources  Committee which I chair, we have spent much of this Congress crafting  and advancing legislation to capitalize on these opportunities.  Legislation such as my bill, the Bureau of Reclamation Pumped Storage  Hydropower Development Act, is intended to promote pumped storage  hydropower development at existing reclamation facilities. Mrs.  McMorris Rodgers' bill in front of us today goes hand in hand with  those efforts.   Even our friends across the aisle agree with our efforts to promote  hydropower development. At a May oversight hearing in my subcommittee  on the challenges facing hydropower, committee Democrats helpfully  suggested that we should find ways to retrofit all nonpowered Federal  facilities with hydropower. We should all agree that improving the  permitting and approval process for these facilities would be the  easiest way to achieve this goal.   Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers again  for sponsoring this critical piece of legislation. She has been and  continues to be a champion supporter of hydropower. Just last month, my  subcommittee considered another bill authored by the Congresswoman-- H.R. 3144--that looks to provide certainty and reliability to several  Federal hydropower projects producing electricity in the Federal  Columbia River Power System that have been mired in third-party  litigation, questionable and expensive judicial edicts, and onerous  Federal regulations.   