 Mr. President, I am pleased to join with my colleague from  the great State of Maryland and to commend him for his leadership on  the Foreign Relations Committee and on the floor today, as well as his  great work with the Helsinki Commission, his tireless bipartisan work  with our committee chairman, and with many others.   We have just heard detailed, in terms of the legislation he has put  forward, the effort, the time, and the engagement he has put forward in  terms of standing up. I think it is important for all of our colleagues  and the American people to hear us working together to push back on  Russian aggression and on Vladimir Putin's regime for its interference  in our most recent election and its long and sad record of appalling  human rights violations.   In 1950, the CIA delivered a report to then-President Harry Truman  that outlined two key goals of the Soviet Government. The first goal  was ``destruction of the unity among the Western countries, thereby  isolating the United States.'' The second goal was ``alienating the  Western people from their governments so that the efforts of the  Western countries to strengthen themselves would be undermined.''   Nearly 70 years later, the regime of Vladimir Putin in Russia remains  fundamentally committed to these same two goals, but today his  government has a whole new arsenal of cyber tools and information tools  which it uses to interfere in democratic elections here in the United  States and across Europe--among the nations that are our vital allies-- to launch propaganda and misinformation campaigns that spread  falsehoods and create a climate of doubt and uncertainty among citizens  and democracies around the world.   Last week, on this floor, I rose to speak with my friend and  colleague, Senator Marco Rubio, to highlight the threat that we know  Russia poses to the American-led, rules-based international order that  has been sustained by both Republican and Democratic Presidents and  leaders in this body since the Second World War.   Just yesterday, several of us participated in a hearing of the State  and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee, chaired by Senator  Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. We heard directly from  representatives of the Governments of Ukraine, Poland, Georgia, Latvia,  Lithuania, and Estonia. All of these nations know better than any  others just how serious the Russian Government is today about  fulfilling the goals the CIA quoted and outlined in that report from  the 1950s. Russian troops today are massing on the borders of many of  these countries. In the case of Ukraine, Russia has recently invaded  and continues to illegally occupy Crimea while arming and supporting  separatists in the eastern 20 percent of the country.   Russia previously invaded Georgia in 2008 and continues to occupy  about one-fifth of its territory, backing rebels in the breakaway  regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia. The Russian Government has tried  and, in several cases, succeeded in executing cyber attacks against  these countries' governments, most famously against Estonia in 2007.  Its ongoing disinformation campaigns have created widespread doubt  about Western institutions like NATO, the European Union, the OSCE-- institutions that have helped to maintain a stable and peaceful world  for seven decades.   These Ambassadors and the Foreign Ministers who testified yesterday  before our appropriations subcommittee made clear their countries  depend on the United States not just for leadership, not just for  military strength but for leadership and our commitment to effective  foreign assistance. These are the same requests I heard last August  from Eastern European leaders, when I led a bipartisan congressional  delegation--two Republican House Members, two Democratic Senate  Members, and I. The five of us went to Ukraine, Estonia, and the Czech  Republic, and we heard exactly the same message--that they are  threatened by a constant wave of attacks of disinformation, both overt  and covert efforts to subvert their democracies and to change the  direction of their nations.   Maintaining our forms of American leadership, our support for the  democracies, the civil societies, and the military, and the strength of  these nations in Eastern Europe is not charity. A world committed to  democracy and the rule of law is a more stable world. A stable world  means Americans are safer and more economically secure. It  [[Page S1676]]  is that simple. That is why we must push back against Russian  aggression in a bipartisan way and stand up for our allies and our  values.   Conversations like this one on the floor today are important to  educate our American people about the true nature of the Russian threat  we face. The Russian Government's current strategy relies on  disinformation and propaganda in an effort to divide the American  people, both from their government and from each other.   Our discussion this afternoon makes clear that both Republicans and  Democrats in Congress haven't lost our will to highlight, to condemn,  and to fight Russian actions. Unassailable facts must serve as the  basis for a bipartisan foreign policy. A clear-eyed understanding of  Russian intentions and actions will protect us from their anti-Western  propaganda and avoid the internal divisions that Russia seeks to  leverage in an attempt to project its influence worldwide.   To that end, I am determined to support the efforts of Senator  Cardin. I am also determined to support the efforts of Senator Graham  to provide sufficient funding that specifically targets the Russian  Government's subversive actions. I will also continue to work with my  colleagues, such as Senator Cardin, to see that his bill, S. 94, the  Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act, is marked up this work period so  the full Senate can consider this important legislation. As Senator  Cardin commented, there are 10 Democrats and 10 Republicans who have  already cosponsored this important bill.   Why is this bill, the Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act, so  important? It will make sure the Russian Government pays a price for  breaking the rules by supporting sanctions for its occupation and  illegal annexation of Crimea, for its egregious human rights violations  in Syria and elsewhere, and, most importantly, for directly interfering  in our election. This bill would prevent the lifting of sanctions on  Russia until its government ceases these activities that caused those  sanctions to be put in place in the first place. The bill would also  support civil society, pro-democracy, and anti-corruption activists in  Russia and across Europe.   Today Vladimir Putin has a whole array of powerful modern tools that  he intends to use to undermine democracy and promote his brand of  authoritarianism, but as that 1950 memo to President Harry Truman made  clear, Russia's goals haven't changed. Russia's goals are to oppose us,  our vision, our values, and our democracy. We must make it clear that  America's vision of a freer, safer, and more democratic world hasn't  changed either.   I thank Senator Cardin for organizing this discussion, thank Senator  Menendez for everything he has done to support these important efforts,  and thank Senator Graham for hosting yesterday's important hearing. I  look forward to working with all of my colleagues to continue with this  fight.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Jersey.   