 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I want to talk about the healthcare bill,  the healthcare issue, and talk a bit about how we can find a solution  and then what the solution should look like.   For the last 2 days, as a member of the Armed Services Committee, I  have been in our markup. In that markup, we considered somewhere in the  neighborhood of 250 to 300 amendments. Of those 250 amendments,  approximately 210 of them were either compromised--an agreement was  worked out between the proponents of the amendment and those who had  reservations--and they were either withdrawn or became part of the bill  by unanimous consent. Of the 25 or 30 that were left for votes,  however, we had good debate. The members talked about their point of  view. The people who opposed them gave their points of view. We had a  vigorous discussion and debate and then we voted. The important thing  to me--and I am pretty sure I am right about this, I kept a mental note  as we went through the votes--I don't believe there was a single party- line vote in the Armed Services Committee on any amendment. The votes  were sometimes more Republicans, more Democrats, but there wasn't a  single party-line vote. In other words, the process worked as it was  intended to work, as it should work, and as it can work.   So I have a radical suggestion for those who are seeking a solution  to this healthcare issue; that is, submit a bill and put it before the  requisite committees, have hearings, have debates, have information,  get information from around the country, from experts, from people who  know about the topic, and that is how we make good laws. A bill that  doesn't go through any of that process, that is concocted in secret and  sprung on the Congress at the last minute, almost by definition will  not be a good bill. Bad process--bad bill, and that is what we had  happen in this case.   I think this is a time--we are going into a recess at the end of this  week. Let's take a deep breath, and instead of trying to tinker around  and attract a few extra votes and find something that will barely pass  by the skin of its teeth, let's step back and submit this issue to the  Finance Committee and the HELP Committee. Let's try to work through to  find a real solution involving both parties, involving all of the  wisdom that has been accumulated in this country on this incredibly  complex and difficult and incredibly important issue. We don't have to  try to do it in the dark. Let's do it in the light of day. Let's have  open hearings and considerations, votes and amendments, discussion and  debate, and then as our system is designed, we can come to a good  result.  [[Page S3816]]    Let's talk about the bill that is currently before us. I guess it is  before us. It hasn't really been submitted to any of the committees,  but I am told it is coming to the floor. It was going to be this week.  Now it is going to be the week, I guess, after the recess--at least  that is what we were told yesterday.   Why is this a bad bill? I have been watching some of the commentary  on this bill, and there is a lot of discussion about the Congressional  Budget Office analysis: Is it correct, did they use the right baseline,  are they good at projecting how many people are going to sign up for  healthcare, and all of those kinds of questions. People are questioning  the Congressional Budget Office. I happen to think they tend to be  pretty nonpartisan, straightforward, good, scientific, and quantitative  analysts of these kinds of issues. They issued their report saying 22  million people lose their healthcare. This is about people. It is not  about ideology. It is about real people.   There is a really easy way to cut through all of the questions about  whether they analyzed it properly and who is going to lose and who is  going to win; that is, to look at a simple chart that is on, I think,  the third page of the Congressional Budget Office analysis. This is  really all you need to know about this bill: Medicaid loses $772  billion over the next 10 years, and the tax credit and selective  coverage provisions--that is the ACA--loses $400 billion. It is $1.1  trillion out of the healthcare system. You cannot take $1.1 trillion  out of the healthcare system and not hurt people. You can't do it. We  don't have to argue about how many here, what age, and all of that kind  of thing. We are talking about a massive cut to the support that is  enabling American people to get healthcare.   In Maine, if you cut all these numbers back, as near as I can tell,  it is about $400 to $500 million a year. I was the Governor of Maine. I  know that $400 and $500 million a year is huge. People talk about:  Well, we are going to cut Medicaid back. We are going to trim the  growth rate. We are going to lower the way it is calculated and make it  a per capita cap, all of these things, and we are going to give the  States flexibility. The magic word ``flexibility''--as if the  flexibility enables you to somehow conjure up $1 trillion. What you are  really giving the States is the flexibility to decide between the  elderly and the disabled or children. That is what this is all about.   There is another option, by the way. The States can always raise  taxes to make up for this difference, and that is one of the most  frustrating things to me, again, as a former Governor. We are talking  about this reduces the Federal deficit by $330 billion over 10 years.  Yes, because you shifted almost a trillion dollars to the States. That  is nice work if you can get it. That is balancing the Federal books on  the backs of the States. If we want to make the Federal budget look  better, why don't we just let the States pay for the Air Force? That is  a Federal expenditure. Shift that to the States. That will help us with  our budget deficit, but it is a fake balancing of the budget because  you are simply shifting the cost over to somebody else--another level  of government.   The shorthand for that is shift and shaft. That is what we are  talking about, either the State government is going to be shafted  because they are going to have to raise taxes or the people who are  going to lose the support are going to be shafted. We are talking about  real people.   Let me talk about Medicaid for a minute. Medicaid is sometimes  characterized--and I have even heard some of my colleagues use Medicaid  and welfare in the same breath, as if Medicaid is a welfare program. It  is not. It is a critically necessary support for healthcare for people  who need it, many of whom are not welfare people--as we would denote  them--not welfare recipients. They are getting a lifeline, a true  lifeline that is actually keeping them alive.   In Maine, 70 percent of the people in nursing homes are on Medicaid.  Nationwide, the number is 62 percent. So when you talk about Medicaid  and cutting Medicaid, you are talking about Aunt Minnie in the nursing  home. You are not talking about some welfare recipient who is ripping  off the system. You are talking about your relatives who are in nursing  homes, and 70 percent of the people in nursing homes are being  supported by Medicaid. In Maine, we call it MaineCare.   So you can't shrink this amount of money and think it is not going to  have impacts on people, and that is why this bill is so pernicious.  Here is what the bill is all about: a one-half trillion-dollar tax cut  to the top 2 percent of wage earners in America. Let's be clear what is  going on here. There is an equation of one-half trillion dollars of tax  cuts and more than one-half trillion dollars of cuts to benefits--money  to the wealthy; healthcare away from those who need it. That is the  equation. That is what this bill is all about. This isn't a healthcare  bill. This is a tax cut bill dressed up like a healthcare bill, and it  is also an ideological bill because people don't like Medicaid.   Here is the problem: Our healthcare system is the most expensive in  the world. We pay the most per capita for healthcare as anyone on the  planet, by far--just about twice as much as most other countries. If  you do the math and you take the annual healthcare bill and divide it  by the number of people in America, you get about $8,700 a year per  person. That is what we spend on healthcare. So for a family of four,  that is $35,000 a year. That is what healthcare costs us. By the way,  that is the real problem. When we are talking about Medicaid and  Medicare, Anthem and private insurance, and all of those things, we are  really talking about who pays. The deeper issue is how much we are  paying. The problem is--and the reason we need Medicaid and the reason  we need Medicare and the reason we need the Affordable Care Act-- American people can't afford it without help. It is as simple as that.  They can't afford it. The government has to provide some support. If it  doesn't, it would break every family in America. We have to have the  support. Right now, in the private sector, it is breaking our companies  that are trying dutifully to keep up with the increase in costs of  healthcare.   Don't fall for this idea that somehow the Affordable Care Act caused  all the increases. I remember--again, harking back to when I was the  Governor of Maine in the late 1990s, early 2000s--healthcare costs were  going up 6 percent, 8 percent a year--10 years before the Affordable  Care Act went into place. The private--the individual market for health  insurance was already on a drastic upward climb. So to blame it somehow  on the Affordable Care Act just doesn't wash in terms of the history.   The deep problem, as I say, is the overall cost of healthcare. We  have to start talking about that issue. That is a separate issue from  what we are talking about here as to who pays. We have to talk about  different kinds of delivery systems. We have to talk about a huge  increase in preventive care. We have to talk about helping people stay  out of the hospital, stay out of the medical system. The cheapest  medical procedure of all is the one you don't have to perform. So many  of our diseases--our chronic diseases like diabetes--are based upon the  choices people are making and their lack of adequate care early in the  disease. That is a separate discussion. I think that is one we really  have to look at. However this debate is resolved in the next few weeks  or few days, we have to talk about the deeper issue of the overall  cost. If we don't get a handle on that, then all of this other stuff is  going to be--it is not going to solve the problem because the deeper  issue is the enormous cost we pay in this country, which is almost  twice as much as anybody in the world per capita.    You could say: But we have the best healthcare in the world. Yes, we  do, for the people who can afford it. But for millions of people who  can't afford it, who have either no or skimpy care, it is not the best  healthcare system in the world.   There are no statistical indicators that tell us we are doing very  well. On things like longevity, prenatal care, infant mortality, we are  way down. We are like 17th, 20th. You would think that if we are  spending the most money in the world, we ought to have great results.  We don't. So that is something we have to talk about.   The cost of pharmaceuticals, the cost of drugs is higher here than  anywhere else in the world. Why is that? That is a problem we have to  discuss.  [[Page S3817]]    I had a tele-townhall Monday night. It was sponsored by the AARP of  Maine. At the peak, they tell me there were 10,000 people on that call.  I took questions, and the questions from seniors in Maine were full of  concern--``fear'' may be too strong a word, although in several cases  it wasn't, but very deep concern about what the effect of this will be  on them, on their mothers, on people who are depending on Medicaid for  their care.   One lady who called pays $8,000 a month for her chemotherapy drugs.  If it weren't for her support under the Affordable Care Act and  Medicaid, she said on the phone, ``I'd be dead.'' That is what we are  talking about here. We are talking about real people.   The final sort of general point I want to make before I talk about  some of the people who are going to be affected by this is that I hear  sometimes the proponents saying: The free market is going to solve this  problem. The free market is miraculous; it can solve all problems.   I am a huge believer in the free market. I am a thoroughgoing  capitalist. I started a business. I ran a business. I understand the  free market. The problem is that healthcare is not a free market. If  you go to buy a car, that is a free market. You can go online and  compare. You can test drive. You can find the prices at the four  dealers that are in your neighborhood. You can do all of those things.  That is a free market. You don't have that in healthcare.   No. 1, you don't know the price. You call your local hospital and  say: What will it cost me to get my knee replaced? Nobody can tell you.  You don't know the price.   No. 2, it is very hard to compare products. You can do it if you can  really dig and get word of mouth on who is a good doctor and who isn't.   No. 3, you don't say what you want; the provider tells you what you  need. Imagine going into a car dealership and the car dealer saying: I  am going to tell you I think you need this Mercedes over here. I think  that is what you need, and by the way, you pay for it.   Our system is set up such that providers are paid for delivering a  service, not keeping you well. They get paid by procedures, fee-for- service, not for keeping you well. There is no money in prevention. We  have to change that. We have to change that.   Now let me talk about people. These are some people I have talked  about before, and I just want to sort of go through them.   You know who this is. This is a Maine lobsterman. This is a guy; his  name is David Osgood. The ACA gave them a chance to get insurance. It  gave them an opportunity to get insurance where before it was  practically impossible. He said it has given them some comfort, some  reassurance. He said: ``We'll be okay.'' That is the Maine way. ``We'll  be okay.'' This is one of the most independent, toughest professions  there is in this country, but he is not part of a big corporation, and  he doesn't have somebody to pay part of his healthcare. He has to make  it work, and the ACA gave him an opportunity that he didn't have before  to give some confidence to his family and to his life.   By the way, there are about 75,000 people in Maine just like him who  got coverage under the ACA, many of them for the first time, and those  are the calls we are getting in my office.   This is Jonathan Edwards and Jen Schroth. This is sort of a funny  story; it tells you what Maine is like. I know Jen's mother. I worked  with Jen's mother in the early eighties. Maine is a big small town with  very long roads. We all know each other. And it just happens that here  we are, 25 years later, and I have become acquainted with Jen.   She and her husband are farmers. They are small farmers in coastal  Maine. She thinks it is irresponsible to go without health insurance,  especially when you have a family, but it was so expensive, they  couldn't get it. They couldn't acquire health insurance in the  individual market because they are not a member of a big corporation.  The ACA gave them access to insurance for the first time--real  insurance that covers what they need, not skinny insurance that only  covers certain things and doesn't cover other things and just gives you  the illusion of coverage until you go to make a claim.   Jonathan Edwards and Jen Schroth are farmers in Brooklin, ME--that is  the real Brooklin, by the way, Brooklin, ME. Forget about that place in  New York; this is Brooklin with an l-i-n. They are farmers in Maine to  whom the ACA gave an opportunity to get insurance for the first time  for their family.   Cora and Jim Banks from Portland raised four boys. This is amazing.  They raised four boys, and every single one was an Eagle Scout. That is  amazing. I mean, to be an Eagle Scout is a real achievement in this day  and age. Cora worked at her home. She developed Alzheimer's in her late  fifties. That is a tragic disease. When Jim could no longer care for  her safely at home, she went to a nursing home, and Medicaid helped her  be there. Medicaid helped her be there. If you start taking away  Medicaid, what will become of Cora? What will become of Jim? He took  care of her as long as he could. If she has to go home, if she has to  leave that home, that will be a tragedy for her and for her family.    Again, as I mentioned before, 70 percent of the residents in nursing  homes in Maine are on Medicaid. That is the kind of difference it makes  in real life.   Here is Dan Humphrey. Dan Humphrey is a young man with autism who  volunteers at local soup kitchens and delivers Meals on Wheels in  Lewiston, ME. He depends on a Medicaid waiver to support his  independent living. If it weren't for Medicaid, Daniel would be in an  institution, or he would be with his parents. They wouldn't be able to  work because he would need care 24 hours a day. He does need care and  support 24 hours a day. Under Medicaid, he is able to lead a real life  and feel good about it. You can tell he is a great guy; look at his  smile. Medicaid is a lifeline.   I talked about Dan 2 or 3 weeks ago, and since then, I have had an  outpouring from people across the country and especially in Maine,  people who have children or relatives or friends with disabilities, on  what this has meant for them and how terrifying it is that anybody  wants to take three-quarters of a trillion dollars out of Medicaid,  which is providing an opportunity for Daniel to lead a decent life. Why  would anybody want to do that? I don't get it. I don't get it.   Of course it can be made more efficient. Of course the ACA can be  made more efficient but not three-quarters of a trillion dollars more  efficient. That is a huge amount--$450 million a year in Maine.   Daniel waited 8 years, under the current program, for the services he  gets now. And if we put in caps and block grants--that sounds good in  Washington: We are going to put in caps. Caps mean Daniel may not get  his services next year or the year after or another guy like Daniel in  Peoria or Philadelphia or San Francisco. That is a tragedy. These are  real people. We are not talking ideology; we are talking real people.   Here is Lydia Woofenden. She lives near where I live. She just  graduated from Mount Ararat High School in Topsham. Two of my boys  graduated from Mount Ararat. She even has a job she was offered after  years of volunteering. Everything she has achieved has been  accomplished with help from her family and dedicated teachers and  therapists almost exclusively funded through special education in the  public schools and Medicaid.   By the way, having a child with disabilities has nothing to do with  your income. You could be high income, low income, middle income. It  has to do with the luck of the draw. It has to do with bad fortune, and  it could hit anybody. So, again, this idea that Medicaid is some kind  of welfare program is just not true. It is not true.   So, Mr. President, the reason I am here is because of these people.  The reason I am here is to stand up for these people because they can't  be here to do it themselves.   We can do better. The failure to get the votes to vote on this bill  this week gives us all a chance to take a deep breath, to step back and  say: Sure, there are things wrong with the Affordable Care Act. There  are things we can debate. There are things we can argue about. We can  have amendments. We can do what we did in the Armed Services Committee  over the last 2 days and have a real discussion and debate. I know it  is possible because I sat there and saw it happen. It can be done, and  we can do it here.   Let's take a week not to try to browbeat and push and make special  deals  [[Page S3818]]  to try to get 51 votes or 50 votes and then the Vice President breaks  the tie. It goes to the House, and they don't even look at it--they  will pass it. And then we will be embarked on a path that is really  going to hurt the American people.   We have to have help. Healthcare is too expensive, and regular people  in this country can't afford it. We have to have help, and this is the  place where people are looking to find that help. Let's try to work  together. I am certainly willing to work with anybody who will listen.  But if they are starting from a premise of gutting Medicaid and giving  somebody else a huge tax cut, that doesn't work. Let's talk about the  real problem. You want to talk about healthcare, let's talk about it.  Let's talk about how we can lower the cost of healthcare, how we can  lower the cost of deductibles, how we can lower premiums, and how we  can provide new options to people in the health insurance system. But  let's not talk about what we are going to do that is going to have such  tragic results on individuals and families and on the fabric of our  society.   Mr. President, I believe we can do better. I believe we can do  better, and we have an opportunity to do so. It sort of dropped into  our laps this week. We have 10 days to work on this, to think about it,  to try to come up with a solution or at least begin the process of a  solution. There is no deadline here next week, but let's begin the  process.   As we begin, I have this radical idea of referring these bills to  committees here in the Senate, having hearings, getting expert  opinions, listening to the country, listening to the hospital  association that says this is a terrible bill. The American Medical  Association says this bill violates the basic principle of the medical  profession: First, do no harm. This bill will do harm.   There is no group whom I have heard of who is for it--only people who  have an agenda to cut Medicaid because they don't like Federal support  or people who have an agenda to change the Affordable Care Act because  it has Obama's name on it. That is not a good enough reason to strike  at the heart of our people, our communities, and our society.   One final point. I have been talking about people; let me talk about  jobs. In Maine, in 8 of our 16 counties, the hospital is the largest  employer. I talked to a hospital director an hour ago. They are  desperate about what is going on down here because it is going to make  it difficult for them to survive and serve their communities--the rural  hospitals especially. I have met with them across Maine--in Farmington,  Bridgton, Skowhegan, Lincoln. Maybe you haven't heard of those towns  because they are small towns in Maine, but they have a hospital that is  the heart of the community and the biggest employer in the  community. They all told me the same thing. This idea of this bill,  this approach, is going to kill them. It is going to cause them to at  least shrink their services or close. In Maine, because we are a rural  State with far-flung communities, that means people are going to be a  long way from available care--1 hour, 2 hours--and that is a tragedy  for our communities in terms of economic development, in terms of jobs,  but mostly, as I keep saying, because of people.    People say: Why are you so impassioned about this, Angus?   It is because this is what the people of Maine sent me to do. They  sent me down here to help them, not hurt them. They sent me down here  to speak for them, not stifle their voices. They sent me down here to  do the right thing, to do the ethical thing, to protect them when  nobody else will. That is why I am here, and I believe that this  Senate, this Congress, this government, can do better, and I hope we  will.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Toomey). The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   