 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time on  the King motion be extended until 4:30 p.m. today, with all other  provisions of the previous consent remaining in effect.    Mr. President, as an outsider to this process in this  body, when we get to a major issue like this, I really become very  troubled. What we are trying to do today is historic. What we have been  trying to do all year--this process has been under debate all year--is  historic. I agree with my colleagues across the aisle, but I am going  to use another word, a six-letter word, that I believe characterizes it  the best.   We absolutely have a debt crisis. There is no doubt about it. In the  year 2000, the last year under President Clinton, this country had a $6  trillion Federal U.S. debt. At the end of George Bush's Presidency, we  had a $10 trillion debt. Now, at the end of President Obama's  administration--we added $10 trillion to the debt, such that today we  end up with $20 trillion of debt on about a $19 to $20 trillion  economy. Now, Mr. President, there are countries under World Bank  fiscal watch that have stronger balance sheets than we do today.   My concern is this. It is that both sides fight each other over this  issue depending on who is in the White House and who has the majority  in this body. The American people are fed up with it.   But I have to say that this bill, what we are talking about doing  today, is a con on the American people. Let's talk about what a con is.   Over the last 100 years, we have had three political supermajorities.  That is where one party or the other has a 60-vote majority in this  body, where they can do basically what they want. Sixty times they have  had that--I am sorry. We have had three of those in the last 100 years,  all Democratic. The first gave us the New Deal; the second, the Great  Society; and the third, Dodd-Frank and ObamaCare.   Now, I am just a simple business guy, Mr. President. I have run small  businesses. I started working on an hourly wage. I worked my way  through college. I ended up running a pretty big company. So my point  here is that I can lay at the feet of those three supermajorities most  of the responsibility for this financial catastrophe we have in the  United States. It is a full-blown crisis. It didn't just start this  year. The annual deficit--they talk about deficits. I talk about debt.  That is what we owe the rest of the world.   This year, this President, President Trump, inherited a budget that  this year will produce a $666 billion shortfall between revenues and  expenses. Yet we will collect a record sum of tax this year, the  highest in our history. Last year we collected the most we have ever  collected. The year before that, the most. So this has not been a  problem of raising taxes, Mr. President. Our problem is very simple:  The  [[Page S7531]]  size of our Federal Government has exploded.   In the year 2000, the last year under Bill Clinton, the size of this  Federal Government was $2.4 trillion. The size of our government last  year--under two administrations, one Republican, one Democratic--it was  almost $4 trillion. That cannot continue. Yet, since 2009, because of  sequestration and the Budget Control Act, the size of our discretionary  spending has declined from $1.5 trillion a year to $1.1 trillion a  year, and $250 billion of that cutback has been on the back of our U.S.  military at the very time when we face more threats and the world is  more dangerous than at any time during my lifetime.   So I am here today to talk about the con of all cons, and it is the  fact that the Great Society and all those sweeping programs--tens of  trillions of dollars behind the world poverty--have failed. Today, the  poverty rate in the United States is exactly the same as it was in the  late sixties when that was signed into law.   Mr. President, doing nothing--the proposal to do nothing is the con  of all cons. The con that bigger government has the solution for the  American people has been proven over and over again to fail.   Look at ObamaCare. Both sides are now agreeing that it has failed.  Now what we do about it is the issue. The Veterans' Administration was  a cesspool of performance. Obama's $1 trillion stimulus package back in  2010 and 2011 gave us nothing in terms of economic development.   As a matter of fact, the con of all cons is that we are coming out of  the slowest, lowest economic growth in the United States history--230  years. Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae are bankrupt. The U.S. Postal Service  is another bastion of success. Amtrak is bankrupt.   I think the greatest thing that we have to do today is get past all  that. There are no innocent parties up here. Both sides are guilty when  it comes to the $20 trillion problem. The $20 trillion is a  manifestation of Washington's unwillingness to get its fiscal house in  order and do what every other American has to do; that is, to live  within their means.   Doing nothing is simply not an option.   In the last 8 years under President Obama, we borrowed as a Federal  Government 35 percent of everything we spent. What that means is that  every dime we spent on our military, on our Veterans' Administration,  and on all domestic discretionary programs is borrowed because every  dime of the $3.5 trillion that we got in last year was spent on  mandatory expenses.   Doing nothing is not an option.   When President Trump took office, though, he said that job one was to  grow the economy. Why? Why is growing the economy important? Well,  growing the economy is important because it is one of the several steps  you have to employ to get at this debt crisis. Yes, there are going to  be some tax cuts for individuals--we will get to that in a second--but  primarily this is to be a stimulative package to get the economy  growing.   There are three pieces to it. One, lower the corporate tax rate. I am  sorry, anybody can debate this and win. We have to become competitive  with the rest of the world. In Asia, the corporate tax rate is 18  percent. In Europe, it is in the low twenties. Getting to 20 percent in  a dynamic situation where everybody is going down, like the UK--which  next year will go to 17 percent, Mr. President--this is the least we  can do. Getting our passthroughs to have parity is also critical. But  we have to first roll back Federal regulations. That is the first  piece.   The second piece is, we have to then push out our energy potential.  We just talked about a few of those. The Keystone Pipeline this year,  the Clean Power Plan, and ANWR are all moving along.   But the three pieces of this--lowering the corporate tax rate,  eliminating the repatriation tax, and then a tax cut for working  Americans--will actually get this economy going.   The other side says: Well, wait a minute. You are going to add $1.5  trillion to the debt.   OK. I look at it as an investment. As we just heard from my good  friend from Pennsylvania, four-tenths of 1 percent will more than pay  for that. Well, let's look at history. History says that over the last  100 years, 3.5 percent is our average on GDP. But more important than  that, in the last seven decades that we have enjoyed this economic  growth in America, only one decade have we had lower growth than 2.5  percent and that was one decade where we had 2.3 percent. At 2.3  percent, we more than pay for what we are talking about now. My  projection is that we will do a lot better than this, and there are  many other people out there, including noted economists, who say the  same thing.   Remember, we have $7 trillion not at work in this economy today  because of fiscal policy, not monetary policy. At the very time that  the Fed added $4.5 trillion to the balance sheet--the largest in  history--we got 1.9 percent GDP growth over the last 8 years. Mr.  President, you can only look at one place--and that is fiscal policy-- that would generate that kind of anemic growth in our history. So what  I am looking at right now is freeing up that $7 trillion, and this tax  package is one of several steps we need to employ that will begin to  unleash that capital power.   We have several trillion dollars on the bank balance sheets of  smaller and regional banks. We have a couple trillion dollars on the  balance sheets of the Russell 1000 because of uncertainty coming out of  Washington. And we have almost $3 trillion overseas in unrepatriated  U.S. profits because of our archaic repatriation tax.   Changing this Tax Code is not only necessary, the rest of the world  needs us to do this.   I will say this: Under President Trump's leadership and driving  force, I believe things are already beginning to happen, and that is  why we see reflections in the bond market and the stock market that  reflect a moving economy. This economy wants to move. I have watched  consumer confidence my entire career.   Right now, this is what is happening: So far this year, 2 million  jobs have been created. Some 860 rules and regulations have been  reversed, and most of these are onerous things that are sucking the  very life out of this free enterprise system. Illegal border crossings  are down 60 percent. Five hundred people--we voted 97 to 2 in this  body, in the U.S. Senate, where people say nothing is happening--in a  bipartisan vote, we voted 97 to 2 to allow the head of the Veterans'  Administration to deal with it like any other entity in the country;  that is, to be able to fire people for performance. Since that time,  over 500 people have been removed from the Veterans' Administration  because of lack of performance. Neil Gorsuch was confirmed to the  Supreme Court. Consumer confidence is at a 16-year high.   Things are moving, but this body is still gridlocked, and that is  what we have to break through. What we have here is a historic  opportunity to change the direction of our country. This is why I ran  for the Senate--to be a part of trying to add some influence into a  future direction for our children and grandchildren.   Mr. President, do you realize that our children--this next generation  is the first generation in the history of our country that faces a  lower economic prospect than their predecessors? That is unacceptable.  We are the richest country in the history of the world. We have the  most dynamic worker base in the history of the world. We have a growing  economy again. This is not necessary.   So these changes that we are talking about--and I have heard all the  rhetoric today, even just in the last hour: Oh, this is all going to  the rich. This is all going to those mean old greedy corporations, and  by the way, nothing is going to the little guy. Well, let's talk about  the reality.   A family of four--this is a real-world example--earning a median  income of $73,000, in this bill, will get a 60-percent tax cut. A  single mom with one child, making $41,000 a year--which is a median  individual income--will get a 75-percent tax cut. I don't consider  those rich. I don't consider those big corporations. Those are  individual examples of what this tax bill is intended to do.   But more than that, for 6 million people who pay taxes today, under  this bill, next year, their tax rate will go to zero. Six million  Americans will find  [[Page S7532]]  that they will not be paying Federal income tax next year. But the  person who gets the biggest benefit from this entire plan is that  person who gets a job. That is not the half of it.   Our 35 percent nominal tax rate, the top rate for corporations, is  the most onerous penalty on the American worker that has been  perpetrated by politicians in Washington over the last 50 years by both  Republicans and Democrats. This is insanity. The other side talks about  insanity. When the rest of the world is almost at half of what our  corporate rate is, how in the world are we going to defend foreign  companies from coming and buying U.S. companies, and using the tax  arbitrage to pay for it? That is what is happening now. We can end  that.   This repatriation tax will free up almost $3 trillion. This is  extremely stimulative in the market. It will improve capital again. I  believe that on the back of an aggressive trade policy, we will get  exports growing again.   There is no good reason not to be for this bill today. All the false  accusations from the other side are simply just not true. Yes, there is  an investment here, but every time I bought a piece of equipment in  business, I had to pay for it. I paid for it upfront, and I got a  benefit from it. It is called a return on investment. That is exactly  what this is. For the American worker and the American people, this is  an investment, and I expect a return on investment from which they will  benefit.   This Tax Code is so archaic that it is embarrassing to talk about. I  will not even get into it because it is 2.4 million words. It is so  ridiculous. One of the intents here is to simplify that for the average  taxpayer. I believe we have accomplished that.   There are clear problems with this current plan--with this Tax Code  and its problems today--and this plan takes clear steps to address  those. It is an investment in our future. It is a rejection of the idea  that 1.9 percent is the new norm.   The other side, a few years ago, tried to convince us that was the  case. If we do nothing from today forward with the current budget under  which we are operating--which is the last budget President Obama left  with us--we are both guilty. This is not a partisan comment. But if  nothing is done, $11 trillion will be added to a $20 trillion debt.  That is unacceptable. That is not an option. It is not possible.   This issue is bigger than partisan politics. It is bigger than self- interest. It is bigger than anyone in this body. This is about our  children and our grandchildren. This new tax direction will allow  workers to compete again on a level playing field with the rest of the  world and win.   Not only is our economic security at risk, but I believe our national  security is definitely in danger because of this debt. Both sides are  commenting on that today. Don't take my word for it. Almost 200 outside  groups have come out in support of this bill. That is historic in its  own right, when you do something that is this big, to have that many  people support it. I believe that what both sides of the aisle need to  do is to back up and look at what is best for the American people long  term.   There are two ideologies at war here. One side believes we need to  give more money to the Federal Government, have more big programs like  the Veterans' Administration, the Postal Service, and all those things,  instead of putting it back in people's pockets and investing in our  economy.   This is a historic moment of opportunity for us this week to change  the Tax Code and finally to help American families and businesses  compete with the competitors around the world. This standard of living  that we have taken for granted for 70 years is the greatest expansion  of economic exercise in the history of humankind. We can turn this  around, but only by getting back to the fundamentals of economic  opportunity for everybody--fiscal responsibility, limited government,  and individual liberty.   I believe we will do it. I believe the American people want us to do  it. This President's agenda will work. He comes from the business  world. I come from the business world. That is what this is about. We  have an understanding of what it takes to compete globally, and that is  what this bill does, finally, for the American workers.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Madison Lynn,  a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of  the day.   