 I would like to thank my friend, the Senator from Florida,  my colleague on the Foreign Relations Committee and on the  Appropriations Committee. I would like to answer his question by  saying, it seems clear to all of us on the Foreign Relations Committee  who have had the opportunity to travel to Eastern Europe to visit with  our NATO allies that Vladimir Putin has a world view and an agenda that  is in sharp contrast with our own.   Vladimir Putin dreams of returning Russia to the days of the Russian  Empire, to reexerting influence over a broad geographic region from the  Baltic Sea and Poland and Ukraine to the Caucasus and Central Asia. He  has internally used the West and NATO as a scapegoat for Russia's  internal economic woes. He has, as we know, launched invasions or  extended his influence through forces and supported illiberal and  separatist fighters in Georgia and Ukraine and Moldavia, former Soviet  republics, and has launched cyber attacks and propaganda campaigns and  coordinated the use of all his tools of state power against our NATO  allies in the Baltic region and Central and Western Europe.  [[Page S1533]]    All of these things suggest a very different world view, a different  set of values than we have in the United States and a different set of  values in a way that really worries me. As my colleague from Florida  has suggested, when Foreign Minister Lavrov talks about a world order  defined by sovereignty, he is challenging us. He is challenging what  the West really stands for, what we in America stand for.   I believe what we stand for is the universal values on which we  forged the Transatlantic Alliance more than 70 years ago, a  Transatlantic Alliance that has been a force for stability and good in  the world, a Transatlantic Alliance that has secured peace in Western  Europe, North America ever since the close of the Second World War but  a Transatlantic Alliance that is rooted in values, values of freedom of  speech, freedom of press, rule of law and democracy, and in opposition  to authoritarianism.   We support American leadership because a stable and prosperous world  makes us safer and more economically secure. So I would ask my friend  from Florida what he views as the agenda or the objective of Russia and  whether we can be hopeful, in any way, that Vladimir Putin's Russia has  an agenda that is harmonious with ours, that can be put in the same  direction as ours or whether it is fundamentally at odds.    We have worked together on a number of bills in this area.  Let me respond to my friend the Senator by saying it is clear that  Vladimir Putin's Russia has been a serial human rights violator. When  we talk about human rights, we talk about things that belong to  everyone, and they are necessary as a check on state power. When  nations break these rules, we believe they should be held accountable.   Russia continues to engage in efforts, as my colleague said, that  undermine democracy in free elections throughout Europe. We have shared  concerns about the upcoming elections--the Dutch elections, French, and  German elections--where there are overt actions and covert actions by  Russia to influence the outcome of those elections, but part of why  they are doing that, part of why they are violating these norms around  Europe is because they are seeking to distract from their brutal rule  at home.   The reality is, many of the critics of Putin's regime end up dead or  incapacitated.   Boris Nemtsov, a Russian politician who supported the introduction of  capitalism into the Russian economy and frequently criticized Vladimir  Putin, was assassinated 2 years ago, on February 27, on a bridge just  near the Kremlin in Moscow.   Vladimir Kara-Murza, a Russian politician and journalist, was  apparently poisoned last month, the second time in recent years. He had  been actively promoting civil society and democracy in Russia.  [[Page S1534]]    Back in September of 2012, Putin threw USAID out of Russia  altogether, claiming that U.S. efforts were undermining Russian  sovereignty when, in fact, we had been working in Russia since the  nineties, supporting human rights, independent journalism, and  promoting fair elections.   Most importantly, in my view, Russia doesn't just violate the human  rights of its own citizens, it exports brutality.   Russia's support for Bashar al-Assad's murderous regime and brutal  war in Syria continues. Their military has targeted hospitals, schools,  and Syrian first responders. They have blocked the provision of food  and medicine to starving families and children. Russia's diplomats have  vetoed any efforts at the United Nations to act to stop the suffering  in Syria. Also, Russia, having illegally invaded Ukraine and annexed  Crimea, continues to promote violence and instability in eastern  Ukraine, in the Donbas region, leading to the deaths of thousands.   All of these human rights violations within Russia and in countries  around its sphere of influence, in its region, suggest to us that they  need to be held accountable for these violations of basic human rights.   Like the Senator from Florida, I led a codel to Eastern and Central  Europe. Mine was not last week. It was last August, but with two  Republican House Members and two Democratic Senate Members, the five of  us went to the Czech Republic, to Ukraine, and to Estonia. We heard  widespread concern about this record of human rights and a disrespect  for democracy in Russia and about this aggressive hybrid warfare  campaign that threatens Ukraine's very stability and existence, that  puts Estonia, our NATO ally, on warning, and that is putting at risk  Czech independence and Czech elections all across Central and Western  Europe.   We have heard from Ambassadors, experts, those who have testified in  front of committees on which we serve, about a Russian campaign--a  brutal campaign--to undermine human rights within Russia and to  undermine democracy throughout Western Europe, with a larger strategic  goal of separating the United States from our Western allies and  undermining the Transatlantic Alliance that has been so essential to  our peace, security, and stability for 70 years. We cannot let this  stand.   There is no moral equivalence between Russia and the United States.  If we believe in our democracy and if we believe in our commitment to  human rights, we must stand up to this campaign of aggression. So I ask  my colleague what he believes we might be able to do on the Foreign  Relations Committee, on the Appropriations Committee, or here in the  Senate, what we might do, as voices working in a bipartisan way, to  stand up to these actions undermining democracy and human rights?    Well, briefly, if I could. Two bills that are currently  gathering cosponsors--and which I hope our colleagues will review and  consider joining us in cosponsoring--one is S. 341, the Russia  Sanctions Review Act of 2017, which currently has 18 cosponsors. The  other is S. 94, the Counteracting Russian Hostilities Act of 2017, that  has 20 cosponsors--10 Republicans and 10 Democrats. In both cases, we  are proud to have a very broad range of both Republicans and Democrats  engaged in this important legislation, which ensures that Russia pays a  price for breaking the rules. It starts by taking action to support the  sanctions against the Russian Government for its occupation, its  illegal annexation of Crimea, for its egregious human rights violations  in Syria, and for meddling in the U.S. election. It prevents the  lifting of sanctions on Russia until the Russian Government ceases the  very activities that caused these sanctions to be put in place in the  first place. It supports civil society, pro-democracy, anti-corruption  activists in Russia and across Europe to show that many of us are  determined, as members of the Foreign Relations Committee, as members  of the Appropriations Committee, as Senators--not as partisans--that we  intend to fund the tools that will enable the United States and our  NATO allies to push back on Russia's aggression. Most of these tools  come from the international affairs budget: State Department and  foreign assistance accounts.   I want to commend you, Senator, for giving a strong and impassioned  speech on the floor today about the importance of our keeping all of  these tools in our toolkit so that as we confront our adversaries  around the world, we have the resources and the ability to partner with  and strengthen our allies as well.   We have no quarrel with the Russian people, but we are here because  there is nothing Vladimir Putin's regime would love more than to see  his actions divide us in this Chamber and divide us in this country  from our vital allies in Europe and divide the whole North Atlantic  community that for seven decades has brought peace and stability to  [[Page S1535]]  Europe, has brought prosperity to the United States, not as an act of  charity but as an investment in the best interests of security.   We are here to say with one voice that we will stand up to Russian  aggression that undermines democracy and violates human rights.   I am grateful for my colleague, for the chance to join him on the  floor today, and I look forward to working together with any of our  colleagues who see these issues as clearly as my friend and colleague,  the Senator from Florida.   