 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, the consideration of Federal judges with  lifetime appointments is perhaps the most important and long-lasting  work this body will do between now and the end of the year.   Every Senator--Republican and Democrat--took an oath to perform this  duty. Nobody took an oath to outsource this duty to any outside  organization. Unfortunately, some of my colleagues on the Senate  Judiciary Committee are apparently willing to hand over their voting  cards to the American Bar Association, based on the claim that the ABA  is an unbiased, indifferent umpire that just calls balls and strikes.   The American Bar Association is not neutral. The ABA is a liberal  organization that has publicly and consistently advocated for left-of- center positions for more than two decades now. The ABA has no right to  special treatment by Members of this body.   It is pretty simple. If you are playing in the game, you don't get to  cherry-pick who the referees are.   Take, for just a moment, a look at the amicus briefs they have filed  in recent years.   In the District of Columbia v. Heller, the ABA supported denying an  individual their constitutional right to keep and bear arms.   In Christian Legal Society v. Martinez, the ABA supported forcing  Christian organizations on campuses to accept members that reject their  faith.   In Medellin v. Texas, the ABA supported forcing States to recognize  the judgments of the world court in order to stop the execution of a  gruesome murderer.   In United States v. Windsor, the ABA supported the recognition of  same-sex marriage through judicial fiat rather than through legislative  debate.   In Arizona v. United States, the ABA supported a constitutional ban  on State and local law enforcement assisting in enforcing Federal  immigration laws.   The list goes on. In each of these cases, the ABA decided to weigh  into divisive and contentious issues. This is their right, indeed, but  it is definitely not neutral. In each of these cases, and many more,  the ABA took what can only be described as a left-of-center position.  In each of these cases, the ABA was picking a side.   Again--to be clear--they are absolutely allowed to do this. It is  what makes this country great. But it is laughably naive to suggest  that they are an objective and neutral organization. They are not.   The ABA cannot make liberal arguments to the nine members of the  Supreme Court, and then walk across the street and seriously expect  that the 100 Members of this body in the Senate will be treating them  like unbiased appraisers. That is essentially what Attorney General  Bill Barr said in 1992 when the ABA first began to openly take pro- abortion positions--which, by the way, led to thousands of members  quitting in protest because those members knew that the ABA claims to  neutrality about political issues were no longer even possibly  defensible.   Then-U.S. Attorney General Bill Barr commented on the ABA's pro- abortion advocacy at the time by saying: ``By adopting the resolution  and thereby endorsing one side of this debate, the ABA will endanger  the perception that it is an impartial and objective association.''   Twenty-five years later, Barr's words were right. His words ring  true.   Again, I want to be perfectly clear. The ABA is allowed to have any  view that its members want to have, and they are allowed to advocate  and to protest on behalf of those views and on behalf of their members.  This is America, and that is exactly what the First Amendment is about.  That is fine. But what is not fine is that the ABA, which is a liberal  advocacy organization, would masquerade as a neutral and objective  evaluator of judicial candidates.   The ABA cannot take blatantly liberal positions on the one hand, and  then masquerade as a neutral party on the other, and then demand a  special seat at the table in the Senate Judiciary Committee and in the  Senate--in this body--to try to tell us who is and isn't supposedly  qualified to be a judge.   Just as the ABA has every right to advance its liberal policy  positions, every Senator has the right--and indeed, the duty--to give  our advice and consent on judicial nominees. If Senators decide that  they like and value the ABA's policy positions and they like and value  the ABA's rating, they are free to give them due deference and  consideration, but don't hide behind it.   Don't pretend that the ABA is something that it is not. Do not ignore  the facts of what the ABA has become. The American people deserve  honesty, not thinly veiled partisanship.   Thank you.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Rhode Island.    Will the Senator from Maine yield for 30 seconds?    Will the Senator from Maine yield for 30 seconds?    Will the Senator from Maine yield for 30 seconds?    Will the Senator from Maine yield for 30 seconds?    Will the Senator from Maine yield for 30 seconds?    Will the Senator from Maine yield for 30 seconds?    Will the Senator from Maine yield for 30 seconds?    I would just like to associate myself with your comments,  sir, in praising the ranking member.   Senator Reed went through a long list of people who have gotten the  NDAA across the finish line for more than half a century in a row.   As a newbie rookie in this body, I have to say that serving with the  two of you on the Armed Services Committee is a real privilege and  honor. Much of the body doesn't work very well right now, but that  committee works incredibly well.   So I want to agree with the Senator from Maine that the ranking  member is a huge part of why the Armed Services Committee works so  well.   Thank you, sir.    I thought you were buying time.    I thought you were buying time.   