 Mr. President, I would like to respond briefly to the  majority leader, who touted what he claimed would be great benefits  coming from the Republican tax reform bill.   Colleagues--and I say to the public that is following this--this  isn't tax reform at all. What this is, is a grab bag full of special  interest goodies for multinational corporations, powerful political  supporters, and lots of people who are in the position to have vast  amounts of influence to sway the Tax Code their way.   The fact is that the independent tax umpire, which is called the  Joint Committee on Taxation, has just told us that 37 million middle- class families are going to pay more in taxes in 2027. Those are the  consequences of the Republican bill that writes into black letter law a  double standard--permanent breaks for the multinational corporations  and, of course, temporary breaks for the working class.   I believe we will have more to say today on analyses that are being  done by the Joint Committee on Taxation, but already we have seen a  variety of reports indicating that this proposal is going to produce  negligible growth and big deficits. That is why Republicans are talking  about how they would like to have some kind of trigger to deal with  this proposal.   Well, what has been in the bill is the Republicans' wildest dream,  which says a lot about their priorities. If their wildest dreams about  magical growth come true and this bill causes Federal revenue to  skyrocket, multinational corporations would get yet another automatic  tax cut. They already go from 35 to 20.   By the way, when we had our bipartisan bill, Senators Coats and Gregg  didn't insist on going to 20 or spending hundreds of billions of  dollars more that could go to the middle class, beyond what the  bipartisan bill called for.   Then, on top of that, the trigger says that if the Republicans get  their magical unicorn mathematics about growth--if the growth fairy  arrives--multinational corporations will get yet another tax cut.   I would like to respond briefly to what the Republican leader said,  because this does not resemble the kind of tax reform Ronald Reagan and  Democrats wanted.   I will close just by way of saying that it did not have to be this  way. Seventeen Democrats, led by Senators Manchin, Kaine, Donnelly,  Heitkamp, McCaskill--a big group, with a tremendous outpouring of good  faith, said: We would like to have a bipartisan bill. They asked me to  come because I have written a bipartisan bill.   I want to show the contrast between what Ronald Reagan did in 1986  with Democrats and what has happened, unfortunately, here. In 1986,  Bill Bradley--someone I have talked about a bit on the floor, a  Democrat who served on the Finance Committee, committed to good  government, to growth and innovation--flew all over the United States  to work out with Republicans the various provisions of tax law that  would make the bill bipartisan. So in 1986, Democrats flew around the  country to meet with Republicans to get bipartisan reform.   This year, Republicans have not been willing to walk down the  corridor to discuss specific provisions about how we can move forward  on a bipartisan tax reform bill. That is why our moderates are so  concerned that we are missing a great opportunity.   The multinationals are awash in cash. By the way, look at the first  letter from the Joint Committee on Taxation. We could be looking at  interest rates that will make it hard for people  [[Page S7509]]  to buy a house or buy a car because of what this bill produces.   This bill is not tax reform. It is a grab bag of goodies for special  interests. It embeds into the tax law a double standard with breaks for  the multinationals and vanishing benefits for the middle class--and,  most importantly, it didn't have to be, and it still doesn't have to  be. There is another alternative. That is what 17 moderate Democrats  expressed, and I was proud to join them.   We will have more debate on this over the course of the morning. But  since the leader did talk about how this was sort of a textbook case of  what tax reform ought to look like, I wanted to make sure that we  started this morning by injecting a little bit of reality with respect  to what is actually on offer.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, just to respond briefly to the chairman,  the chairman, I think, said about eight times that what really ought to  be the focus here is working together. I so share that view.   As we start voting today, I would just like for the public to  understand that this side was never given the chance on this tax bill  to work together--never once. The majority leader announced, right at  the outset, that the most partisan process would be used. It is called  reconciliation. It means that it is our way or the highway, that we  have the votes, and that is the end of it.   I appreciate what the chairman has said about emphasizing our working  together, but that was taken off the table by the majority leader when  we started, when it was declared that we would use the reconciliation  process.   There are other areas that I will just touch on.   The chairman made mention of the fact that everyone over here is for  socialized medicine. Right now, what we are trying to do is to ensure  that we don't have upheaval in the private insurance marketplace  because of the majority's effort to unravel the Affordable Care Act.  The Affordable Care Act is not socialism. It focuses on private sector  choices through the exchange. What the challenge is going to be is, if  you further hammer this effort to increase choices in the private  sector marketplace, you are just going to cause more problems for our  people and make it more difficult for us to hold down the costs of  medicine.   I will close this section of the discussion simply by clarifying  again this point about the middle class, because Senator Brown was  right with respect to the number of families who are going to get  hammered under the Republican bill, but when the Republicans said that  is a partisan group, the figures Senator Brown talked about are  supported by nonpartisan organizations as well.   The Joint Committee on Taxation, which is composed of the people who  are our independent tax referees, has indicated that by 2027, more than  50 percent of middle-class persons are going to see a tax hike. That is  not a Democratic group; that is not a Republican group. That is an  independent group.   I think that this has been instructive this morning. I am one who has  dedicated my time in public service to trying to find common ground. I  see Senator Cornyn and Senator Toomey, both of whom I have talked with  about bipartisan tax reform--and, again, the chairman, whom I very much  enjoy working with. Yet this tax bill has really been an anomaly; it  has been so different from everything else. It is important that the  public knows that when there was discussion about working together, the  majority leader took that prospect off the table. It was ruled out--not  going to happen. This was going to be a partisan bill. This would be  just the opposite of what Democrats and Ronald Reagan would have  wanted.   That is why 17 moderate Democrats, earlier this week, made one more  plea, as we will continue through the day to talk about, that if you  want to do tax reform right, it has to be bipartisan in order to bring  certainty and predictability to the private sector. It is not about  socialism. It is about certainty and predictability for private sector  growth.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I first want to respond to the Senator  from Texas, and then I am going to pose a question to the Senator from  Ohio.   The Senator from Texas talked about how everybody on this side was  obstructing bipartisan tax reform. I am a little puzzled by that,  having written the only two bipartisan tax reform bills that have been  before the Senate. Maybe the Senator from Texas will bring his  bipartisan tax reform bills over and we could look at them at some  point.   One of the keys to that bipartisan proposal--and it relates to the  point made by the Senator from Pennsylvania--was our cosponsor, Senator  Gregg. Our former colleague, who is very knowledgeable about economics,  said that what he wanted to do was to make it more attractive to do  business in the United States. The heart of that bipartisan bill was to  make it more attractive for small businesses and businesses of all  sizes to create red, white, and blue jobs.   This bill does just the opposite. It makes it more attractive to do  business overseas. It is not what the bipartisan bill was all about. It  is not what our former colleague, Senator Gregg, signed onto when he  went onto our bipartisan bill.   I think I would like now to pose a question to my colleague, a  valuable member of the Finance Committee, about why the patriot  corporation legislation is so important. I think my colleague believes  that it is so important--as I did with Senator Gregg, the Republican  from New Hampshire--that we ought to make it more attractive to have  red, white, and blue jobs. Is that really what my colleague is working  on here?    I very much appreciate what you and Senator Durbin are  seeking to do because not only have you tried to generate bipartisan  support for it--I was there at the White House when you handed it to  the President. That was what the moderate Democrats tried to do again a  couple of days ago, to say: Look, we want to show enormous good faith  behind the cause of bipartisanship. I sure wish the Republican leader,  Senator Cornyn, had stayed on the floor because he was attacking  Democrats for obstructing the cause of bipartisan tax reform. He knows  full well that I have written two bills.   By the way, Republicans said, as part of that bill--unlike this one-- that they want everybody in America to get ahead, not just the folks at  the top. The senior Republican, Senator Gregg from New Hampshire,  Republican chairman of the Budget Committee, made the agreement with me  to make it attractive to create red, white, and blue jobs, not to make  it more attractive to ship jobs overseas.   So I want to give my colleague the last word with respect to the  importance of this, but people ought to understand, A, Democrats have  been showing for months--for months--how strongly we feel about doing  this in a bipartisan way; B, my colleague on this particular issue,  patriot corporations, handed this proposal to the President asking for  bipartisanship, and we have had a bipartisan proposal for years.  Senator Cornyn has never had a bipartisan tax reform proposal.   I would like to let my colleague finish up.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Will my colleague yield?    I think my colleague is making an extremely important  point. I think what is important in his projection is that we have seen  this movie before. Isn't this what happened in the Bush tax cuts and so  many of these other projections? They get the sugar high by running the  big deficits up by the breaks to the multinationals and the donors and  the like. Then, they don't get the jobs. Then, they get these big  deficits. I think what the Senator is talking about is that, then, they  come back and go after the hunger programs, Medicaid, and Social  Security.   Is that what my colleague is talking about?    We can see if we can work this out. Senator Thune has been  very gracious. Would it cause great  [[Page S7534]]  consternation over there to give Senator Sanders 3 minutes, myself 5  minutes, and then go right to Senator Thune?    Mr. President, I brought with me to the floor a copy of  the just-released analysis by the Joint Committee on Taxation. These  folks are the independent tax referees for the Congress. I pushed very  hard for several weeks in order to get this dynamic score for the  Republican tax bill because, as the ranking Democrat on the Finance  Committee, I have heard my colleague say week after week that all we  need to do is to get the dynamic score, and people will see the value  of our bill. So we got the score.   The score ends the fantasy about magical growth, about unicorns and  growth fairies, suddenly showing that tax cuts pay for themselves.   In fact, this report showed that this bill would lose more than $1  trillion even with the dynamic score. It slows the growth of the  American economy after 2025. It is the total opposite of what was  promised. Even with the dynamic score, what we are seeing is that the  sponsors of this bill are spending $1 trillion and not helping those  who need the help.   The numbers are now in. This is the hard evidence that this bill  basically isn't much more than a holiday bonanza for multinational  corporations and powerful interests.   I have heard a number of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  already criticizing the analysis by the Joint Committee on Taxation. I  am sure they are unhappy because this certainly unravels all of their  projections, and they continue, despite the fact that the hard evidence  is in. They are still saying that their tax plan is going to produce a  magical unicorn and rainbow fantasy of economic growth.   The facts are now in. The Republican plan loses $1 trillion. This  Republican plan slows economic growth. The growth fantasy is over. It  is over--    As soon as I have a chance to finish my statement.    I am happy to extend the courtesy that sometimes I don't  get from the Senator, but I am happy to do it.   The growth fantasy is over with this projection.   I am happy to yield to my colleague.    What I would say is this. Sure, there is what amounts to  negligible growth, but this slows the growth of our economy after 2025.  That is not what we were promised.   In fact, let me just recap a little bit the Republican promise.  Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said this bill would generate so much  growth that it would take care of the $1.5 trillion and generate $1  trillion on top of it.   What a difference between Steve Mnuchin's projection of $2.5 trillion  and the number that I have on this sheet from the Joint Committee on  Taxation--$407 billion worth of revenue.   I appreciate my colleague asking that. It helps us to clear up a  little bit more of what is at issue.   I appreciate Senator Thune being so gracious and giving me the extra  time.   Mr. President, I have a UC request, if I could.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Franken, myself,  and Senator Nelson be added as cosponsors to amendment No. 1720.    I want to thank the Senator from South Dakota for  indulging me.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, before he leaves the floor, I would like to  thank Senator Cardin for his leadership on so many finance issues and  especially for highlighting today, as part of this major debate on tax  reform, the importance of infrastructure. The fact is, you cannot have  big-league quality of life with little-league infrastructure.   My colleague has made the point that repatriation would be a natural  as one of the two bookends for infrastructure. It would ensure that we  would have some funds we could count on, some publicly available funds,  and I think it would be a natural fit with the kind of bonding that  Senator Hoeven and I and others have been interested in.   I am here to talk on another subject, but before he leaves, I would  like to thank my colleague for his comments.   Mr. President and colleagues, it is fair to say that it is throwback  Thursday here in the Senate. It is also a big day for the Treasury  Secretary, Steve Mnuchin--not only because we are dealing with taxes,  not only because there is another glamorous photo shoot with a big  sheet of dollar bills, but this is also the 1-year anniversary of what  has come to be known as the Mnuchin rule.   It was November 30, 2016, when news broke that Mr. Mnuchin was the  likely nominee to head the Department of Treasury, and that morning,  the Secretary-to-be went on TV and delivered what sounded like a very  sweet promise. Here is what he said about the Trump administration's  ideas for the issue we talk about tonight, tax reform. I am going to  quote Steve Mnuchin directly. He said: ``Any reduction we have in  upper-income taxes will be offset by less deductions so that there will  be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.'' In case anybody missed  that last part of his statement, he said ``no absolute tax cut for the  upper class.'' And he didn't stop there. He went even further in hyping  big plans he had. He said: ``When we work with Congress and we go  through this, it will be very clear: This is a middle-income tax cut.''   This is all part of the anniversary, to kind of refresh everybody's  memory.   After that pledge, I talked about this matter with Mr. Mnuchin during  the Senate Finance Committee. He smiled. He was thrilled that I was  recalling the pledge he made.   When I brought it up, I said: Well, we could just call this the  Mnuchin rule.   Mr. Mnuchin, at that time, thanked me, and he said: There would be  great esteem in having the Mnuchin rule with both the Buffett rule and  the Volcker rule. He said: I take that as a great compliment.   So here we are a year later, and what a difference a year has made.  The Mnuchin rule is now a broken promise for the history books.   This week, Republicans scramble to pass a tax plan that reaches into  the pockets of working people in the middle class and showers trillions  of dollars in handouts to multinational corporations, high-flyers, and  the politically connected.   I think it is also important to remember that the Mnuchin rule was  [[Page S7547]]  just one part of the sales pitch. Now there is a whole lot more to the  con job.   Republicans have said time and again that the tax cuts would pay for  themselves. Time and time again, we heard about the unicorns. We heard  about the growth fairy. The magical growth will be so powerful that new  revenue is going to come pouring in, and the tax cuts are going to be  fully paid for.   In addition to that, I think it is important to recognize this on the  special anniversary. The Secretary went even further. He said that the  tax cuts wouldn't just pay for their $1.4 trillion cost, they would  bring in, on top of the $1.4 trillion, an additional $1 trillion. Well,  today--after pushing and making sure that we could get it before we  actually had the key final votes--we were pleased to receive from the  independent referee on taxation, the Joint Committee on Taxation, the  official dynamic scoring analysis that they did of the Republicans'  plan. Let's be clear, folks. Now that we have heard from the  independent tax umpires, we can say officially that the magical growth  fantasy is over.   I say that also in the context of bipartisanship, because in the  course of writing the two bipartisan bills that I authored--first with  Senator Gregg, second with Senator Coats--I said that I happen to  believe that behavior matters. I believe a good, bipartisan tax reform  bill will generate some revenue. And the Congressional Budget Office  agreed with me. But it is not going to be fantasy land-type growth.   The reality is, after Mr. Mnuchin said that what was going to happen  was that the Republican plan would pay for the $1.4 trillion cost and  generate another $1 trillion on top of it, what we now know as a result  of what I was sent today is that the Republican tax plan, even with  dynamic growth factored in, actually loses more than $1 trillion.   There is other bad news on top of that. The Republican tax plan,  according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, slows down economic  growth after 2025.   So you put the kibosh on two major selling points that we heard about  month after month after month from Republicans in selling this plan.  The tax cuts don't pay for themselves, and there is no new wave of  growth headed our way.   The party of Reagan is on a mad dash to run up the deficit by $1  trillion, slow down the economy, and raise taxes on more than half of  the middle class. And the only analysis Republicans can get to back up  their tax plan is either cooked up by the in-house staff at 1600  Pennsylvania or is based on revenue-neutral tax bills that don't even  exist.   By the way, there is more news a year into Mr. Mnuchin's work. The  Secretary promised a comprehensive analysis from the Treasury  Department that would prove his claims, prove that there would be more  growth, more jobs--red, white, and blue opportunities--for our people;  that the tax cuts would pay for themselves or, as he said, would  generate much more revenue than that. The Secretary of Treasury  promised us that. He promised us that repeatedly, that we would get  that analysis of what this bill would do for growth and jobs and  improving the quality of life for our people. Let me tell you, that was  another broken promise, yet one more in a chain of broken promises over  the months and a particularly important one because the Treasury  Secretary made some especially surprising projections, and, in effect,  we asked him to back them up. He said he would, and now we know that  not only is he not going to do it, apparently he had no intention to  ever do it. Based on the news that broke this morning, as far as I can  tell, Secretary Mnuchin never even asked his Department to do the  comprehensive analysis of the bill that he promised. On top of that,  his Treasury Department buried a recent paper that showed that the  overwhelming beneficiaries of corporate tax cuts aren't workers, they  are shareholders. They said it didn't agree with the Department's  current thinking.   Let me be clear. I think it sounds like another part of the coverup  at the Treasury Department.   Colleagues, a year ago, Secretary Mnuchin told the American people  that there would be no absolute tax cut for the upper class. ``It will  be very clear: This is a middle-income tax cut.'' Then he said that the  tax cuts wouldn't just pay for themselves, that a trillion new dollars  of Federal revenue would come pouring in. Not a single word of that has  turned out to be true. The Mnuchin rule is the most expensive lie since  George W. Bush stood on an aircraft carrier and said that the mission  in Iraq was accomplished. And the idea that these tax cuts will pay for  themselves isn't just a little off the mark, it is a trillion-dollar  misfire.   What we have here is a con job on the middle class, and Secretary  Mnuchin and his allies have covered it up every single step of the way.   My Democratic colleagues and I have said over and over again that we  agree that the Tax Code is broken. We share our colleagues' view that  there ought to be an opportunity for a bipartisan bill. And every  single time I have spoken on this subject, I made it clear that it  doesn't have to be this way.   In the beginning of the week, I joined 17 moderate Democratic  Senators. Senator Donnelly said it very well--I mean, really an  outpouring of enthusiasm for taking a bipartisan approach to do tax  reform right. A bipartisan approach is not just some kind of pie-in- the-sky happy-talk; bipartisanship is what gets you the certainty and  the predictability you need to grow private sector jobs that are good- paying and are driven by innovation. And I know it can be done.   I am glad to see that the Presiding Officer of the Senate here  tonight is from the State of Indiana. One of the two bipartisan bills  that I wrote was with one of his former colleagues, Senator Dan Coats,  who is not just a very well-liked Member but is somebody who believes  deeply in sensible economic policy. He was on the Finance Committee. We  worked on this for a substantial amount of time.   You know what. It is not easy to write a bipartisan tax reform bill.  You have to have some give-and-take. Senator Bradley would fly all over  the country to work with Republicans to try to find common ground.  Right now, we can't get people to even walk down the corridor to help  put together a proposal.   It didn't have to be this way. We had opportunities for  bipartisanship. It is something I feel very strongly about because I  spent literally hundreds of hours with two very fine, very conservative  Republican Senators in order to put together two actual bills--bills  with bill numbers, bills that were proposed in the Senate.   But what a difference between that approach and what we have seen  from Secretary Mnuchin--not a single effort--not one--from Secretary  Mnuchin to talk specifics about what it would take to get a bipartisan  approach.   Then we had, as I have noted tonight, these promises--promises of  making sure the focus would be on the middle class, making sure it  would generate additional revenue. It has been a trail of broken  promises, when it could have been an opportunity to bring everybody  together and to give everybody the opportunity to get ahead.   Well, one of my very favorite phrases is from the late Israeli  diplomat Abba Eban, who said: Americans always get it right. He paused  and said: After they have tried everything else. Well, my hope is that  Secretary Mnuchin will see the error of his ways, see why the policies  I have described aren't right for the American people, see why it is  important for the administration to change course and push for what  Democrats here have called for, a bipartisan approach, which our  moderates eloquently spoke to this week. We have bills that can help  guide us. I hope, in the future, we can break with the kinds of  policies I have had to describe on the 1-year anniversary of the  Mnuchin rule and decide that we are going to change course, have a tax  policy that focuses on the middle class, puts money in their pockets,  gives everybody a chance to get ahead, and that the Secretary will  recognize that his claims about what the Republican tax bill is all  about are not borne out by the facts.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I call up a motion to commit at the desk on  behalf of Senator Nelson.   