 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Payne for his leadership on  the Homeland Security Committee and also for his hard work on this  legislation, which, again, has been closely watched back home in  Connecticut and on the other side of Long Island Sound, as Mr. Zeldin  indicated as well, in the State of New York.   Again, I rise in strong support, with my colleague, for passage of  H.R. 2182, the Plum Island Preservation Act. This has been an effort  that has been ongoing since Congress, unfortunately, took, I think, a  wrong turn when they enacted legislation in 2009, with the goal of  trying to create funding for the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility  in Kansas; but in the process of doing that, it set up a truncated sale  of this property, which really deviated from the normal GSA process of  trying to exhaust other beneficial uses before putting it up for sale  to the highest bidder.   Again, that has been the struggle for people on both sides of the  Long Island Sound, who have been frustrated by the fact that, because  Congress mandated a sale without any other options, the incredible,  pristine environmental quality of this precious piece of property was  basically pushed down the food chain in terms of, again, the way the  Federal Government was operating.   Again, I think it is important to recognize--and my colleagues from  New York, Mr. Donovan and Mr. Zeldin, understand this--this still is  the most densely populated area of America. The boat traffic, the  maritime traffic that flows through Long Island Sound, again, is the  busiest in the country. And to have a piece of property that is this  precious and this pure--which Mr. Zeldin visited, and I think he can  attest to that personally, and I have sailed past it--is really an  opportunity that really we just cannot possibly allow to go to a  developer that would make that quality forever lost.   So this legislation, which stops the 2009 process in its tracks, has  GAO step in and do a full complete analysis across the board in  evaluating all options. In particular, the options of preserving this  unique environmental asset is the right move for our country, and,  again, it will be to the benefit of generations to come.   Again, I want to congratulate Mr. Zeldin for his persistence. Again,  we did get it through the last Congress, the 114th.    I think getting this done early in the 115th Congress  will hopefully allow us the opportunity to get some bandwidth in the  Senate's floor schedule to finally get this to the President's desk,  and, again, forever protect an asset for generations to come.   Mr. Speaker, again, I urge strong support for this measure.   