 Mr. President, a couple of months ago, I felt we had  entered an important moment in the history of this country. We were  finally beginning to listen to women about the ways in which men's  actions affect them. The moment was long overdue. I was excited for  that conversation and hopeful it would result in real change that made  life better for women all across the country and in every part of our  society.   Then the conversation turned to me. Over the last few weeks, a number  of women have come forward to talk about how they felt my actions had  affected them. I was shocked. I was upset, but in responding to their  claims, I also wanted to be respectful of that broader conversation  because all women deserve to be heard and their experiences taken  seriously. I think that was the right thing to do. I also think it gave  some people the false impression that I was admitting to doing things  that, in fact, I haven't done. Some of the allegations against me are  simply not true, others I remember very differently.   I said at the outset, the Ethics Committee was the right venue for  these allegations to be heard and investigated and evaluated on their  merits; that I was prepared to cooperate fully and that I was confident  in the outcome.   An important part of the conversation we have been having the last  few months has been about how men abuse their power and privilege to  hurt women. I am proud that during my time in the Senate, I have used  my power to be a champion of women and that I have earned the  reputation as someone who respects the women I work alongside every  day. I know there has been a very different picture of me painted over  the last few weeks, but I know who I really am.   Serving in the U.S. Senate has been the great honor of my life. I  know in my heart that nothing I have done as a Senator--nothing--has  brought dishonor on this institution, and I am confident the Ethics  Committee would agree.   Nevertheless, today I am announcing that in the coming weeks, I will  be resigning as a Member of the U.S. Senate. I, of all people, am aware  that there is some irony in the fact that I am leaving, while a man who  has bragged on tape about his history of sexual assault sits in the  Oval Office, and a man who has repeatedly preyed on young girls  campaigns for the Senate with the full support of his party, but this  decision is not about me; it is about the people of Minnesota. It has  become clear that I can't both pursue the Ethics Committee process and,  at the same time, remain an effective Senator for them.   Let me be clear. I may be resigning my seat, but I am not giving up  my voice. I will continue to stand up for the things I believe in as a  citizen and as an activist, but Minnesotans deserve a Senator who can  focus with all her energy on addressing the challenges they face every  day.   There is a big part of me that will always regret having to walk away  from this job with so much work left to be done, but I have faith the  work will continue because I have faith in the people who have helped  me do it.   I have faith in the dedicated, funny, selfless, brilliant young men  and women on my staff. They have so much more to contribute to our  country, and I hope that as disappointed as they may feel today,  everyone who has worked for me knows how much I admire and respect  them.   I have faith in my colleagues, especially my senior Senator, Amy  Klobuchar. I would not have been able to  [[Page S7906]]  do this job without her guidance and wisdom. I have faith--or at least  hope--that Members of the Senate will find the political courage  necessary to keep asking the tough questions, hold this administration  accountable, and stand up for the truth.   I have faith in the activists who organized to help me win my first  campaign and who have kept on organizing to help fight for the people  who needed us--kids facing bullying, seniors worried about the price of  prescription drugs, Native Americans who have been overlooked for far  too long, working people who have been taking it on the chin for a  generation, everyone in the middle class, and everyone aspiring to join  it.   I have faith in the proud legacy of progressive advocacy that I have  had the privilege to be a part of. I think I probably repeated these  words 10,000 times over the years, Paul Wellstone's famous quote: ``The  future belongs to those who are passionate and work hard.'' It is still  true. It will always be true.   Most of all, I have faith in Minnesota. A big part of this job is  going around the State and listening to what people need from  Washington, but more often than not, when I am home, I am blown away by  how much Minnesota has to offer the entire country and the entire  world. The people I have had the honor of representing are brilliant  and creative and hard-working. Whoever holds this seat next will  inherit the challenge I have enjoyed for the last 8\1/2\ years, being  as good as the people you serve.   This has been a tough few weeks for me, but I am a very, very lucky  man. I have a beautiful, healthy family whom I love and who loves me  very much. I am going to be just fine.   I would just like to end with one last thing. I did not grow up  wanting to be a politician. I came to this relatively late in life. I  had to learn a lot on the fly. It wasn't easy, and it wasn't always  fun. I am not just talking about today. This is a hard thing to do with  your life. There are a lot of long hours and late nights and hard  lessons, and there is no guarantee that all your work and sacrifice  will ever pay off. I won my first election by 312 votes. It could have  easily gone the other way. Even when you win, progress is far from  inevitable. Paul Wellstone spent his whole life working for mental  health parity, and it didn't pass until 6 years after Paul died.   This year, a lot of people who didn't grow up imagining they would  ever get involved in politics have done just that. They have gone to  their first protest march or made their first call to a Member of  Congress or maybe even taken the leap and put their names on a ballot  for the first time.   It can be such a rush, to look around at a room full of people ready  to fight alongside you, to feel that energy, to imagine that better  things are possible. But you, too, will experience setbacks and defeats  and disappointments. There will be days when you will wonder whether it  is worth it.   What I want you to know is that even today, even on the worst day of  my political life, I feel like it has all been worth it. ``Politics,''  Paul Wellstone told us, ``is about the improvement of people's lives.''  I know that the work I have been able to do has improved people's  lives. I would do it all over again in a heartbeat.   For a decade now, every time I would get tired, discouraged, or  frustrated, I would think about the people I was doing this for, and it  would get me back up on my feet. I know the same will be true for  everyone who decides to pursue a politics that is about improving  people's lives, and I hope you know that I will be fighting alongside  you every step of the way.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Fischer). The Senator from Alaska.   