 Mr. President, yesterday the chairman and the ranking  member of the HELP Committee came to a bipartisan agreement on a  package to stabilize our healthcare law and to lower premiums. It was  the product of months of difficult negotiations. Like all good  negotiations, both sides gave some and both sides got some. The product  is something that neither side is completely happy with but that both  sides can move forward with. That is what a good, fair compromise looks  like. It took work, and, at a time when bipartisanship is desperately  sought after, this was not even just a flicker but a nice flame of  bipartisanship burning brightly.   Then, a few minutes ago, President Trump tweeted: I am supportive of  Lamar as a person, and also of the process, but I can never support  bailing out insurance companies who have made a fortune with ObamaCare.   There are many reasons to be vehemently strongly upset about this  tweet and how wrong it is. First, frankly, the President doesn't know  what he is talking about in the compromise.   It doesn't bail out insurance companies. It helps people who are sick  and who need healthcare. It keeps their premiums low. It allows them to  go to a doctor or get a medicine that they need.   Senators Alexander and Murray made sure that, in the provisions they  were writing, the money would not go to the insurance companies but  rather would go to millions of Americans who need help because they  couldn't afford healthcare on their own.   The President ought to know what he is talking about when he tweets  about bills because on this one, he had no understanding of what it is  about. This helps millions of people. This keeps premiums down. This  allows Americans--working class, middle class, many of whom are in  rural areas in red States--it allows them to go to the doctor, go to  the hospital, get medicine. Nothing bothers Americans more than when  they can't get healthcare they desperately need for themselves or a  loved one.   So, first, the President ought to know what the bill is about before  he tweets. Clearly from this tweet, he doesn't.   Second, this President keeps zigging and zagging, so it is impossible  to govern. Two Thursdays ago, the President called me in the gym and  said: Let's work on a bipartisan solution on healthcare. It was his  initiation. He first talked about, let's repeal and replace; I told him  that is off the table. But I then said that Senator Alexander and  Senator Murray are working on a compromise--and I outlined the basic  compromise they were coming up with, that each side got something--and  the President suggested that he call Senator Alexander and I call  Senator Murray and encourage them. I called Senator Murray; he called  Senator Alexander. And he called Senator Alexander, from what Senator  Alexander told me, several times to encourage him.   Yesterday, he called the Murray-Alexander deal a ``very good  solution.'' Now, this morning, he says he can't support it. He can't  support bailing out insurance companies that have made a fortune with  ObamaCare. He is wrong on the facts, as I mentioned, doesn't know what  the bill is. We should have a President who actually knows the facts of  bills he talks about.   Second, he is totally inconsistent. He is for it one day, against it  the next day.   Mr. President, you cannot govern a country, you cannot keep America  great if you don't know what is in the bills and don't have a  consistent policy about them.   But he keeps zigging and zagging. Our only hope is that maybe  tomorrow he will be for this again.   Finally, a word in general: We all know there are extremes in  America. The hard right has a lot of power here. If every time the hard  right says ``jump,'' the President says ``how high,'' his Presidency  will be a failure. Yet that is what has happened repeatedly.   The hard right doesn't represent America on healthcare. Eighty  percent of the people did not like the TrumpCare bill that the hard  right supported--80 percent. The majority of Americans, by a  substantial margin, want to see ObamaCare strengthened, not repealed.  The hard right doesn't; they want to get rid of it.   If the President simply is responding to them, it is not leadership.  He did the same thing on DACA. Leader Pelosi and I met with him. It was  clear what we sought--approval of the Dream Act. He agreed, provided  there was border security, explicitly no wall. The next day, the  rightwing attacked him. Laura Ingraham or one of those radio  commentators said he should be impeached. I think Breitbart News called  him Amnesty Trump. And he totally reversed himself.   That is not leadership, Mr. President. That is blatant fear.  [[Page S6494]]    We all understand political forces. They push us all around. When you  are President, you have an obligation to lead. And this Presidency has  been so unsuccessful in accomplishing things--he can blame Mitch  McConnell, which the President has done, or the Republicans in the  Senate. He can blame the Democrats. But really the reason that we are  not getting anything done and his Presidency has been so bare of  accomplishment is that this President is embracing a hard-right,  extreme position that is very far away from what Americans want. His  Presidency will continue to fail, continue to be a failure, if he  continues to do that.   So I would say to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, going  back to the agreement, the agreement is fair, and it is down the  middle. As I said, each side gave. Let's move forward. Let's get a  large percentage, a large number of Democrats and Republicans to  sponsor this legislation. Let Leader McConnell have the good sense and  the courage to put it on the floor. I would bet my bottom dollar it  will pass. Let Speaker Ryan do the same, and we will have shown that we  can get something done in a bipartisan way.   Lamar Alexander is not obstructing. Patty Murray is not obstructing.  The President is obstructing at the moment. We should overcome that  obstruction and work together. That is what the American people want.   I hope the President rethinks his position. He has rethought it  several times already. I hope he actually reads and learns what is in  the bill. And I hope we can get this done--not for any party's sake or  any individual's sake but for the American people's sake, the millions  and millions of Americans who can't afford high premiums, who  desperately need healthcare and medicine, and who are praying for us to  do something to help them.   Mr. President, on the budget, yesterday the Republican majority voted  to start debate on a budget resolution that would increase the deficit  by $1.5 trillion--so much for the deficit hawks. It would slash  Medicare and Medicaid by $1.5 trillion--so much for the many people who  don't want to cut it, who promised not to cut it, including the  President. It blows a huge hole in the deficit--as I said, deficit  hawks. Finally, it favors the very wealthy.   My friend here was once head of the Club for Growth. I salute him. He  states his position. He believes tax cuts on the very wealthy and on  big corporations will create jobs. We can have that debate. It is  called trickle-down economics. But he is honest about it.   Some of the others--our Secretary of the Treasury, our advisers to  the President, many in this Chamber--are saying this is a middle-class  tax cut. When 80 percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent, when  we remove the estate tax, which doesn't apply to anyone whose estate is  less than close to $11 million, it is a tax cut for the wealthy. Some  people believe that is a good way to exercise policy. The American  people don't. But let's debate it that way.    Our Republican colleagues, just like on healthcare, are ashamed of  this bill. They can't debate it on what they really believe, and so  they put up these chimeras. They sort of make it up: Oh, no, we won't  have a deficit; there will be huge growth. I think the Secretary of the  Treasury said that it will decrease the deficit by a trillion dollars.  That was laughable. Oh, it will go to the middle class, not the  wealthy. When they lower the top rate, raise the bottom rate, get rid  of the estate tax, and allow passthroughs which will mainly go to very  wealthy individuals to reduce their tax rate to 15 percent--that is in  the outline.   So today we begin the process of shining light on this awful  proposal, of telling the truth. That is what the amendment process will  be today.   Today we are going to vote on a Democratic amendment to strike the  trillion dollars of cuts in Medicaid. If our colleagues don't want to  cut Medicaid, they should vote for this. If our colleagues are OK with  a trillion dollars of cuts in Medicaid, let them vote against the  amendment, but believe me, the American people will know exactly how  each Member of this Chamber feels when it comes to dramatically cutting  Medicaid.   We will also propose an amendment to strike the cuts to Medicare.  Now, in the healthcare bill, in one of the reiterations, we debated  cutting Medicaid. We haven't debated cutting Medicare, but now we will.  Some $473 billion of cuts are in the exact budget our Republican  colleagues wish us to vote for. And it will shine a light on what  really is in this bill, not what is said.   How many of you on the Republican side have mentioned that this bill  cuts Medicare and Medicaid, this budget proposal? Are you going to  start mentioning it today, or are you going to try to hide it? Because  it does. By the way, the idea that this doesn't count because it is  just in a budget that we can ignore is belied by the fact that there is  statutory pay-go--statutory, not rules--and it says that Medicare is  cut 4 percent if there is a deficit in terms of tax cuts. OK? Are you  going to cut Medicare 4 percent? We don't want to do that. We hope you  don't. But this budget would require that under the pay-go rules, and  that is law.   So we are going to have amendments. Do you want to cut Medicaid or  not? Yes or no. Do you want to cut Medicare or not? Yes or no. Do you  want to vote for a $1.5 trillion deficit or not? Yes or no. And do you  want 80 percent of the tax cuts to go to the top 1 percent, to the very  wealthy, while middle-class taxes are raised for many people? Yes or  no.   Today begins the process of truth. Today begins the process that  shines light on all of the misrepresentations by Secretary Mnuchin and  Gary Cohn and by the President himself, who says he is just going to  cut taxes on the middle class, not on the wealthy.   This process will be going on for a while. There is going to be a  very bright light shining on our Republican colleagues in the House and  Senate. It is going to take them a while to come up with a bill. It is  not easy writing a massive tax bill. And all the while, while they are  writing it--and certainly once it comes out--that bright line of truth  will produce, in my judgment, the same result we had on healthcare. The  more the American people see, the less they will like it.   A CBS poll on Sunday said that 58 percent of the American people  believe that the Trump bill is tax cuts for the wealthy; only 19  percent believe it is for the middle class. That number is going to get  worse, my colleagues, just as the healthcare thing got worse. The  American people turned against you as we Democrats shined a bright  light on what it really did.   You cannot govern from the hard right. As wealthy as they are, as  much as they threaten you with primaries, it is not going to work. We  still have a foundation of democracy. There is still a foundation of  honor and truth. And when honor and truth and sunlight hit this bill,  it will crumble.   Now, I say to some of my colleagues that we want to work with you on  a good tax reform bill, one that is revenue neutral, one that doesn't  favor the wealthy. We believe small businesses should get tax breaks.  We believe money from overseas should come back and be used to create  jobs. There are lots of things we can do on common ground without  blowing a hole in the deficit, without cutting Medicare and Medicaid,  without favoring the rich. Defeat this bill, we will work with you,  just as we have on healthcare. We said: If you defeat that bill, we  will try to come up with a bipartisan compromise, and we have--one that  the President is flip-flopping on, zigzagging on, saying yes one day  and no the next. But we have come up with a compromise, and the same  thing can happen on taxes.   Today is a beginning turning point in the tax debate, the day that  what is really in this Republican bill will come to light, and the  American people, as they learn about it, will not like it.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Pennsylvania.   