 Mr. President, I rise to oppose S.J. Res. 13, which is a  Congressional Review Act resolution to undo the regulations which  protect title X health centers. I believe this resolution, although  well meaning, will have the opposite effect of its intention.   I particularly want to discuss the organization known as Planned  Parenthood, but, more generally, these women's health centers, these  title X health centers, No. 1, provide many healthcare services to  women, particularly low-income women. They are the choice of those  women. They are a place they have chosen to go to receive their  healthcare treatment.   I do think that one of the problems with this whole debate is the use  of the term ``funding'' of Planned Parenthood. What we are talking  about here is not funding, as in a budget line or a budget provision  that says: Planned Parenthood gets $58 million or $100 million or $10,  whatever it is. That is not the way it works. What we are talking about  is reimbursement for women's healthcare services provided on an  individual, case-by-case basis, and this does not include abortion. It  does not include abortion.   These organizations in Maine--Planned Parenthood, for example, serves  10,000 people. Ten thousand women choose to get their healthcare  services from Planned Parenthood.   The other piece of this debate I have never understood is why those  who are opposed to abortion would be so opposed to organizations that  allow women to make choices about pregnancies and provide contraception  and contraception advice, which statistically we know reduces abortion.   In Maine, because of the access to organizations like Planned  Parenthood and other women's healthcare clinics, we have seen our teen  pregnancy rate drop 58 percent in the last 20 years or so--58 percent.  That is a significant reduction, and it is attributable, at least in  some significant part, to the availability of the services provided by  these organizations.   It has always struck me as ironic, in the extreme, that someone who  says they are against abortion should be against an agency that  provides contraception and family planning services that prevent  pregnancy and therefore prevent abortion.   I subscribe to President Clinton's formulation that abortion should  be safe, legal, and rare. It should not be something that is chosen  just casually--and of course it isn't. This is a terribly difficult  decision for a women, but that is not the subject today. The subject  today is curtailing the reimbursement for women's healthcare services  to an organization or organizations that may also provide abortion  services.   It is contrary to the very idea of trying to prevent abortion, but it  is also denying healthcare services of choice to thousands of women in  Maine and millions across the country.   I have sat in this body for 4 years and heard people talking about  how consumers and patients should be able to choose their physicians,  they should be able to choose their healthcare options. This was a  basic principle. It is one of the arguments we have heard as we have  been discussing other healthcare  [[Page S1529]]  issues in this body. This Congressional Review Act provision would take  away that choice. I think that is a great disservice to those citizens,  many of whom are low income, many of whom are covered by Medicaid, many  of whom do not have private health insurance. To take this step that  this resolution would entail would be very shortsighted, and I believe  it is a violation of the rights of those people to choose their  healthcare providers.    It also does not achieve the ends that the sponsors want to achieve.  That is why I believe that this resolution--although it may be  denominated as something to do with being anti-abortion, I think it is  just the opposite. If this resolution passes and these healthcare  centers under Title X, including Planned Parenthood, are unable to  deliver these services, there will be more unwanted pregnancies and  more abortions. I think that is a sad and unfortunate outcome to be  perpetrated by people who say they are trying to oppose abortion.   Planned Parenthood provides women's healthcare services. It provides  contraceptive services. I know the people in Maine who work for this  agency, and I know this is a terribly controversial issue, but I  believe that if what we want to do is minimize the number of abortions,  then it makes no sense whatsoever to somehow indiscriminately strike  out at the funding of the agencies that provide healthcare services.   Nobody in this body is talking about Federal funds for abortion. That  is not what the issue is. If that were the issue, this would be an  entirely different debate. The issue is taking reimbursement away from  the Planned Parenthood clinic or Title X clinic for mammograms,  cervical exams, or other women's healthcare services. Why would we want  to do that in the name of achieving some other goal that won't even be  achieved? In fact, it will be made a more widespread issue.   I hope the Senate will realize that whatever the motivation behind  this provision is, it just makes no sense. It makes no sense from the  point of view of preventing abortion. It makes no sense in terms of the  taxpayers. Preventive services, contraceptive services, cost about $200  a patient; a Medicaid birth costs about $10,000. If it is a Medicaid  patient, those are taxpayer dollars. We are talking about saving  taxpayers money.   This goes to the healthcare system in general: Why would we want to  undo prevention, whether prevention of unwanted pregnancies or  prevention of a disease? Prevention is part of the solution to the  healthcare crisis in this country because of the excessive cost.   Here is a specific case. Again, we are not talking about funding  abortions. We are not talking about funding Planned Parenthood. We are  not talking about funding these Title X health centers. We are talking  about protecting them in terms of their reimbursement for women's  health services delivered. That is what this vote is about. If you vote  for this, you are voting to take away reimbursement for health services  that are necessary to protect the health and well-being of women across  this country.   I hope my colleagues will vote no on this resolution, and I believe  it will serve the public and it will even serve those people who are  concerned most deeply--and I understand--about abortion. If you want  fewer abortions, fund Planned Parenthood. It seems to me that is a  fairly clear correlation, and it is one we should respect. But we also  should respect the rights, needs, and choices of those millions of  women who rely on these clinics for their healthcare needs aside from  the issue of reproductive rights, just straight healthcare needs. That  is what this vote is all about.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   