 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for  yielding. I am thankful that Mr. Garamendi has taken out this Special  Order and that so many colleagues have come out to express their views  on this travesty of a tax bill that was passed by the House today and  that appears to be on its way to the President's desk.   Speaking of the President and how much he will benefit from that, I  am sure my colleagues have heard the saying that he campaigned like a  populist and is governing like a plutocrat.   Wouldn't you say this bill is a pretty good exhibit A with respect to  that?    It is, indeed. But the Russian role  model seems alive and well as we look at the development of the  American economy and where we may be going.   Mr. Speaker, I am sure my colleague will agree that our Republican  friends know this is a very, very unpopular piece of legislation. It is  striking, isn't it? They decided that they were going to go into the  hole $1.5 trillion, forget about revenue neutrality. They are going to  go into the hole and borrow $1.5 trillion. Even with that, they have  not been able to write a bill that most of the American people feel a  benefit from. It is extraordinary.   Well, the fact is that most of the American people won't benefit from  this bill. I think they are on to that. The latest polling shows that  Americans oppose this bill by a margin of 2 to 1. That is, of course,  before they have even felt the effects of this bill.   I think Republicans know that this opposition is only going to get  stronger the more people figure out what is in this bill. That may be  why they have rushed this thing to passage in the most chaotic  legislative process I can ever remember.   They released thousands of pages of text on this bill last Friday and  expected to vote on it today, of course.    Maybe that is the reason why they held no hearings. The less people  know, the better.   Maybe that is why we have had almost no debate.   Maybe that is why they won't even allow for a complete scoring of the  bill by the Joint Committee on Taxation or the Congressional Budget  Office.   Maybe that desire to cover up the consequences of this is the reason  they have added these questionable provisions, to provide a fig leaf of  coverage for hesitant Members, skittish Members who want to be able to  explain this vote back home.   Mr. Speaker, I have heard for years Republican colleagues decry  fiscal irresponsibility, a lack of regular order in these Chambers and  a lack of orderly, responsible procedures. They have talked about tax  reform that simplifies the Tax Code, that benefits hardworking  families.   Well, what we have seen today and what we have seen in recent days as  this bill came to the floor is just a total contradiction of all that  they have professed to stand for all these years. These words are  nothing but lip service and false promises. They have sloppily drafted  this bill behind closed doors. They plan to raise taxes on 86 million  middle class families, and they plan to add $1.5 trillion to the  national debt.   Despite claims that this bill will benefit the middle class, 83  percent of the tax cuts go to the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans.   And they have also taken aim at healthcare, as if the tax travesties  weren't enough. By eliminating the so-called individual mandate, the  GOP tax scam will explode premiums, and it will add 13 million  Americans to the ranks of the uninsured.   The bill is a windfall for large corporations that want to ship  American jobs overseas. They want to cut staff. They drive down wages  and salaries. This bill will facilitate that.   Plain and simple, the Republican tax scam asks hardworking families  and future generations of Americans to foot the bill for huge tax cuts  for corporations and for the wealthiest.   And we haven't seen the end of it yet. Do you know what is coming  next? You can bet that, once this bill passes, Republicans are going to  pivot. They are going to pivot in a heartbeat to pose as the guardians  of fiscal rectitude.   Having abandoned any pretense of revenue neutrality in this bill and  having added $1.5 trillion to the national debt and having triggered a  $25 billion Medicare sequester cut, they are, all of a sudden, going to  sound the alarm: Poor us. We are broke. Our country is broke. We have  got to squeeze Medicaid now. We have got to squeeze Medicare. We have  got to squeeze Social Security. We have got to squeeze investments in  transportation, housing, education, and research.   You can see it coming. We have seen this bad Republican movie before,  although never on such an epic scale.    Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is absolutely  right. This has been in Republican budgets forever, this war on the  kind of safety net provisions that so many of our fellow citizens  depend on.   Fiscal rectitude, indeed. They are willing to go $1.5 trillion in the  hole,  [[Page H10238]]  willing to borrow that money, to take the national debt to dangerous  levels.   But it is a matter of being able, then, to say: Poor us. Our country  is broke. We can't afford to invest in our people. We can't afford to  build our infrastructure. We can't even afford to leave intact the  safety net that people have spent their lives depending on.   It is a travesty. This tax bill is not just about taxes. It is about  keeping faith with the American people; and that faith, this very day,  has been broken by the Republican Party.   Mr. Speaker, I should say this. They had an opportunity to do this  the right way. This wasn't inevitable. This wasn't written in stone.  They could have worked with Democrats in Congress in a bipartisan way  to figure out how to grow the economy and how to simplify our Tax Code.   Do you remember that? Simplify the Tax Code and file it on a  postcard. This bill makes the Tax Code far, far more complicated. It is  a dream bill for tax lawyers and accountants.   So no more simplification. That has been forgotten.   They were going to lower the tax burden for middle class families. We  could have figured out how to do that without exploding the debt. There  are many, many things we could have achieved together.   We have, here, a once-in-a-decade opportunity, and they have blown  it, they have squandered it, and that is a source of great regret. In  fact, the Republicans have jeopardized our economic future to give tax  cuts, tailor-made, for corporate lobbyists and, as they have actually  said, to make their donors happy--to make their donors happy.   Mr. Speaker, we hope against hope that the Senate might yet do the  right thing, and when they have to clean up this bill to bring it back  to the House for yet another vote, that our House colleagues--it was a  narrow vote. It was a narrow vote. It would be wonderful to turn it  around. But we certainly need to make sure that there is no mistake how  this has happened, what has happened, and we must start, this very day,  to figure out how to make our economy and our country whole and to make  it work for all of our people.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for this opportunity. This is  very, very useful to be able to have this kind of extended discussion.  Even though the subject matter is not happy--we have had a very bad day  here in the House of Representatives--it is important for us to pick  up, move ahead, and realize the task that lies ahead.    