 Mr. President, I came to the floor to talk about other  matters, and I will get to those in a moment. I can't help but be  struck by the Democratic leader's sudden interest in addressing  healthcare reform.   It is a fact that even if Hillary Clinton were elected President of  the United States, we would be revisiting the failed promises of the  Affordable Care Act. For example, premiums, since 2013, have gone up  105 percent in the individual market. Those are people who don't have  employer-provided coverage or aren't on Medicare or Medicaid. Small  businesses and individuals who have to go out and purchase their  [[Page S3256]]  healthcare have seen premiums go up 105 percent.   We hear stories every day--and I will recount some of those from  Texas--where people say they have zero choices. For example, in Iowa,  we learned there are no insurance companies that are willing to sell  health insurance on the individual market. That isn't because of  anything that President Trump or the Republican majority have done.  These are the failures of ObamaCare.    President Obama made extravagant promises about ObamaCare, none of  which has really proven to be true. He said he would bring down  premiums $2,500 for a family of four. Well, these folks in the  individual market have seen their premiums go up 105 percent since  2013. He said that if you like your policy, you could keep your policy.  That proved not to be true because unless you bought the government- approved healthcare policy, insurance companies couldn't sell it on the  exchanges. He said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.   But as people found out when their policies changed, frequently the  doctors in the network they could see changed. People saw premiums go  up. They lost coverage they liked, and they lost the doctor they had  confidence in.   So the suggestion of the Democratic leader that somehow this current  situation is a result of President Trump or congressional action is  ludicrous. I think people understand that, but I just couldn't resist  responding a little bit to what he had to say, because sometimes when  people don't respond they assume there isn't a response, and clearly  there is.   