 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding me  time.   Mr. Chairman, we have just heard a very familiar theme from the  Democratic side of the aisle. It is a theme they have sounded for the  past decade and goes a long way to explain why America's prosperity has  been stagnating. It has literally been on hold during these past 8  years.   God forbid there should be more jobs to support struggling families  in this little community. God forbid our roads should ever be used to  get products to people who desperately need them.   Now, it is hard for me to understand how a one-lane gravel road is  going to accommodate all of that commerce. What it is going to  accommodate are people who desperately need access to the neighboring  city of Cold Bay.   Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of this bill, Mr. Young's H.R.  218, on behalf of the people of King Cove, Alaska.   I want you to imagine being a resident of that tiny little community.  Its only outside access is by a gravel airstrip and a little tiny  harbor. It is just 20 miles from the city of Cold Bay. Cold Bay has got  a regional airport, they have got medical facilities, but there is no  road connecting that little town with the life-sustaining civilization  just 20 miles away.   We all know of the exceptionally harsh weather conditions in that  area; they routinely prevent air and sea travel out of King Cove. If  you are in trouble in that weather, there is help just down the road,  but there is no road.   Why is there no road? Well, we have just heard a sampling of why. It  is not because of natural barriers. It is not for lack of need or  financing. It is because a national wildlife refuge in a section of the  Alaska Peninsula National Wildlife Refuge is in between these  communities and the Federal Government and leftwing environmental  activists just won't hear of it.   For over 20 years, the people of King Cove have begged for this  lifesaving road for their safety--not a major interstate, not a  parkway, just a one-lane road. It requires only 206 acres out of the 59  million acres of designated Federal wilderness in Alaska.   Just in the last 4 years, this has been pointed out, 55 emergency  medical evacuations have been made, a number of which required Coast  Guard involvement or extended patient waiting times or both.   Mr. Westerman has told us just last year of the King Cove woman in  her seventies suffering from heart issues medevaced from King Cove to  Cold Bay by Coast Guard vessel after high winds prevented an air  ambulance from landing at King Cove. In the end, it took the woman over  7 hours to reach a hospital in Anchorage.   A road between King Cove and Cold Bay would go a long way to  preventing similar situations from recurring, and it would provide a  potentially lifesaving evacuation route for King Cove citizens in the  event of an emergency. And if it helps provide additional jobs for that  little community, well, I say so much the better.   Congressman Young has tried for more than a decade to get this done,  but it has been stymied by leftwing environmental activists and by  ideological zealots in the bureaucracy. During  [[Page H6123]]  our hearing on the bill, opposition came not from any of the  communities involved, but from environmental activists hundreds of  miles away from King Cove, although they seemed to have mouthpieces  here in this House.   In exchange for use of the 206 acres of Federal land for this road,  the State of Alaska is willing to transfer 40,000 acres of State land  to the Federal Government. This bill facilitates that transfer and,  after two decades, finally gives permission for this little road to be  built. It is long overdue.    I salute Congressman Young for his persistent pursuit of justice for  the long-suffering people of King Cove.   Mr. Chair, I ask for speedy adoption of this bill by this House.   