 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to this  amendment and urge my colleagues to reject it.   Some Republicans in Congress and the Trump administration are engaged  in a steadily escalating campaign to tear down the Congressional Budget  Office and anyone else who does not tell them what they want to hear.  This amendment is a direct assault eliminating half of CBO's budget.   The CBO is our impartial referee. Its vigorous work has been  indispensable for Congress as we consider legislation that impacts the  lives of the American people. This amendment is not good for democracy,  and it is not consistent with the principles of good government.    Republicans claim to care about fiscal responsibility, but this  amendment would destroy the office we rely on to help us meet that  standard.   My Republican colleagues are willing to compromise the integrity of  this House solely because they cannot defend the bill repealing the  Affordable Care Act. They cannot effectively explain to their  constituents why they voted to leave more than 20 million Americans  uninsured and dramatically increase the cost of insurance for millions  more.   They are unable to justify cutting $1 trillion from Medicaid and  jeopardizing care for seniors in nursing homes, children, and families  struggling to make ends meet. What they are doing in all of this is to  provide cuts for the wealthiest Americans.   This amendment is a clear attempt to divert attention from that  reality and to hide the truth from the American people. It will set a  dangerous precedent.   As students, we would all like to grade our own papers, but we can't  do that in Congress. We have to have somebody impartial who will grade  them for us and tell us what this means to our budget and to the  American people.   Congress created CBO to give us our own sense of budgetary  information and expertise so we would not have to rely on  administration estimates. CBO improves our ability to protect the power  of the purse. For more than 40 years, the CBO has steadfastly fulfilled  its mission providing impartial analysis and expertise to inform our  decisionmaking.   The CBO Director and all personnel are appointed to their positions  without regard to their political affiliation, solely based on their  ability and qualifications. They show no allegiance or deference to any  political ideology or party when preparing their analyses.   It is all too easy these days to take refuge in information that  tells us only what we want to hear. But that does not lead to sound  policy. CBO does not exist to give us the information that we want to  hear. Its job is to give us the information that we need to make  informed, responsible decisions. It is one of few institutions in  Washington that serves that role.   It is beneath the Congress to attack the CBO which is only doing its  job. It should be embarrassing to my Republican colleagues that they  are launching these attacks simply because they do not have the courage  to defend the damaging effects of their plan to repeal the Affordable  Care Act. This needs to stop.   