 Madam President, I wish to express my opposition to S. 89  because it exempts certain vessels--actually one specific vessel called  the Delta Queen--from current fire retardant construction standards  and, according to the U.S. Coast Guard, represents ``an unacceptable  degree of fire safety risk. . . . ''   Maritime history has numerous examples of catastrophic on-board fires  followed by the passage--or attempted passage--of laws designed to  improve safety and protect passengers and crew.   In response to the sinking of the RMS Titanic, in 1914, the  International Maritime Organization, IMO, prescribed emergency  equipment and safety procedures IMO-flagged ships were required to have  in place.   The 1934 fire on the SS Morro Castle prompted the adoption of  multiple Federal safety regulations, including the use of fire  retardant construction materials.   A series of fires aboard international passenger ships in the early  1960s prompted the U.S. to enact the Safety of Life at Sea Act, SOLAS,  which mandated that ``no passenger vessel of the United States shall be  granted a certificate of inspection [. . .] unless the vessel is  constructed of fire-retardant materials.''   Congress delayed the implementation of the SOLAS mandate first until  1968, then until 1970, then again until 1973, but only for U.S.  passenger vessels operating on inland rivers.   In 1973, Congress again delayed the effect of the mandate, but this  time EXPRESSLY for one ship--the Delta Queen--and only for one 5-year  period ``while a new [overnight passenger] riverboat is being  constructed.''   Despite the clear intent of Congress in 1973, the various owners of  the Delta Queen successfully secured exemptions from SOLAS for the  Delta Queen in 1986, 1991, and 1996.   Their attempts to seek a 10-year extension in 2007 and a 15-year  extension in 2013 were unsuccessful, so they made another run in the  114th Congress and now in the 115th Congress with S. 89.   Current law requires passenger vessels with overnight accommodations  for 50 or more passengers to be constructed of fire-retardant  materials, unless an exemption is made, but in the case of the Delta  Queen, the U.S. Coast Guard has consistently opposed legislation to  provide the Delta Queen an exemption to remain in service as an  overnight passenger cruise vessel.   A Coast Guard Special Inspection Report on the Delta Queen in 2008  found ``an unnecessary and unacceptable accumulation of combustible  fire load.'' In a January 8, 2016, letter to Senator Bill Nelson, the  Coast Guard's then-Assistant Secretary of Legislative Affairs wrote  ``the Department of Homeland Security is resigned to oppose  continuously any legislation that would provide any form of statutory  relief for the steamer Delta Queen.''   S. 89 is contrary to public safety. It is contrary to the Safety of  Life at Sea Act regulations which have been in full force in the U.S.  since 1966, and it is contrary to the guidance of the U.S. Coast Guard.   The Delta Queen is an old ship made of wood. The boilers are original  and open to the wood superstructure. There are no structural boundaries  to contain a fire and only one means of egress.   I understand that supporters of S. 89 are concerned about the  historic preservation of this ship and the economic opportunities that  operation of the ship could bring to its homeport.   We should first and foremost be concerned with the safety of the  people who will work on the ship and vacation on the ship and that they  can have the same opportunities and experiences on a ship that is  compliant with the reasonable safety standards that have been in place  in this country for more than 50 years.   