 Madam President, I rise today to talk about the dire  humanitarian situation in Puerto Rico and to challenge this country to  end a century of discrimination against the Puerto Rican people.   While the fleeting media attention may have waned, the desperation of  the people of Puerto Rico has not. The lackluster response from the  Trump administration is an outrage. It has been more than a month since  the hurricane, and 80 percent of the island's electricity is still out.  Roads and bridges have collapsed. Homes have been destroyed. Of the 67  hospitals that are open, less than half of them are operating with  electricity. Families are searching far and wide for clean drinking  water, and some have been drinking water from wells at a Superfund  site.    This kind of inhumane response would never ever be permitted in a  U.S. State. But one doesn't even have to look at other States to  evaluate this response; we can look abroad. Within 2 weeks of the  earthquake in Haiti, there were 17,000 U.S. military personnel on the  ground in that country. Two weeks after Hurricane Maria made landfall  in the United States, the United States had deployed only 10,000 troops  to respond to the disaster in both Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin  Islands.   News broke yesterday that the state-owned electric company on the  island, PREPA, refused to operationalize mutual aid agreements with  electric companies on the U.S. mainland. That is a standard step in  normal disaster response. Fault lies with PREPA, but how on Earth did  FEMA and the Trump administration allow that to happen, leaving  millions of Puerto Ricans in the dark and in danger for almost a month?  It is beyond comprehension, and it speaks to the failure of the U.S.  Government's response.   The truth is that Hurricane Maria exposed far more than just  immediate physical damage; the hurricane also laid bare a very simple  truth that is plain to every resident of the island and every Puerto  Rican living in my State. The truth is this: The United States has been  screwing Puerto Rico for over 100 years, and this is just the latest,  most disgusting chapter.   There is an undercurrent in the discourse about Puerto Rico that is  as pernicious as it is ahistorical. You will hear people, like  President Trump, say that Puerto Ricans are wholly responsible for the  financial mess they find themselves in and that Puerto Rico should just  pull itself up by its bootstraps. The rewriting of history ignores the  fact that the Federal Government and Congress have had our hands  tightly wrapped around those very bootstraps since 1898.   The United States acquired Puerto Rico from Spain through the Treaty  of Paris in 1898, when the United States defeated Spain in the Spanish  American War. Puerto Ricans didn't ask to be part of the United States;  we acquired the island. A century ago, Congress extended U.S.  citizenship to Puerto Ricans. In 1950, Congress recognized the island's  limited authority over internal governance, and Puerto Rico became  formally known as the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.   Being a commonwealth or a territory is permanent second-class status.  Without access to the same healthcare reimbursement, the same  infrastructure funding, the same education dollars as other States,  Puerto Rico starts every single race 50 feet behind the rest of  America. These built-in disadvantages are designed to hold Puerto Rico  back. They have been in place for 100 years to keep Puerto Rico from  being a true economic competitor with the mainland.   Believe me, the Puerto Rican people have done everything they can to  overcome this discriminatory treatment. There is an entrepreneurial,  never-say-die spirit in Puerto Rico. I know this because no State has a  greater percentage of residents with Puerto Rican roots than  Connecticut. But despite the strength of the Puerto Rican people, they  are stuck because Washington has tied their hands behind their backs by  taking away the right to vote in Federal elections, virtually  guaranteeing that Puerto Rico's economic disadvantage will never ever  be remedied. It is a black hole from which Puerto Rico and the other  four U.S. territories can never escape.   Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens--despite the fact that recent polling  suggests that half of Americans don't know this--but they can't vote  for President. They have no voting representation in Congress. Think  about it this way: Americans with a mainland address can vote if they  move to Mongolia or Sierra Leone, but if they temporarily take up  residence in a U.S. territory like Puerto Rico, they miraculously lose  their right to vote.   There are real, practical consequences to this lack of  representation. We are watching the most egregious example right now.  Do you really think that if Puerto Rico had two U.S. Senators, 80  percent of the island would still be without power a month after the  hurricane? By the way, Puerto Rico has more citizens than 21 States  that have a total of 42 Senators in this body. Do you think a President  would denigrate and insult Puerto Rico the way President Trump has if  it had electoral votes?   The botched response to Maria is just the latest attack on the  island, perpetuated by a Congress that can afford to ignore a big part  of the United States that has no voice in Congress to object.   For over six decades, the U.S. Navy pummeled the island of Vieques,  just off Puerto Rico's coast, with ordnance, using it as a bombing  range for military exercises. Those weapons allegedly contained  uranium, napalm, and Agent Orange. Today, people who live on Vieques  are eight times more likely to have cardiovascular disease and seven  times more likely to die of diabetes than others in Puerto Rico. Cancer  rates on Vieques are much higher.   If you want to know why Puerto Rico has been in a decade-long  recession, look no further than Congress. More than 50 years ago, the  U.S. Government launched several initiatives to help spur economic  growth on the island. It was a good thing. Ironically enough, the  initiatives were collectively called Operation Bootstrap. One of the  tools that were used to spur economic growth was a tax break to allow  U.S. manufacturing companies to avoid corporate income taxes on profits  that were made in Puerto Rico. Manufacturers descended on the island in  droves, and the entire economy in Puerto Rico became oriented around  those companies. But what Congress gives, Congress can take away,  especially if the entity you are taking from has no meaningful  representation in Congress. In 1996, Congress phased out the tax  breaks. Guess what. It sucked the island's tax base away, cratering  Puerto Rico's economy for the next two decades.    It is worth noting that Puerto Rico is not blameless for the  financial situation that it is in. There definitely has been a fair  share of mismanagement on the island. Bad decisions have been made.  Saying that Puerto Rico is only a victim of schemes of the mainland is  not true. But the same can be said of fiscal mismanagement and bad  decisions in other U.S. States. But a century of underinvestment in  Puerto Rico has been a big part of the story as to how they arrived at  this situation. And unlike all those other U.S. States, Puerto Rico has  no way of rectifying the past misdeeds because its toolbox to reckon  with its past is limited to what Congress sticks in the toolbox, and  that toolbox doesn't provide access to the Bankruptcy Code.   As a result, Congress passed PROMESA, which created this financial  oversight board on the island. Puerto Rican bondholders on Wall Street,  who bought the bonds for pennies on the dollar, are now challenging the  current oversight board's legitimacy, with the hope of being paid  before the island gets relief. These practices of the bondholders, who  have been circling the island for years, are made more menacing because  they are spending boatloads of money lobbying Congress. Just watch TV  at night in Washington, DC, to see their ads. They know that the people  of Puerto Rico have no voice here, have no votes here.  [[Page S6793]]    Now it looks as though other predators are circling. News came out  this week that a small, two-person company in Whitefish, MT, somehow,  some way, got a no-bid $300 million contract to restore power in Puerto  Rico from the island's power authority--the same power authority that  refused the help of experienced electric companies that actually know  how to turn the power back on. How does something like this happen? It  turns out that the little town in Montana is the home of the new  Secretary of the Interior.   Get ready, because this is just the start. President Trump and his  billionaire cronies are going to use this disaster to enrich  themselves. The Whitefish power contract given to a friend of the  Secretary of Interior--with two people employed at that company--is  just a scratch on the surface of what is to come.   Puerto Rico has been getting screwed for decades. None of this is  new. None of this is unpredictable. If you think this is just one  century-long string of rough luck, you are ignoring the last critical  aspect of Puerto Rican history.   Back in 1901, when the U.S. Supreme Court decided that even though  residents of the territories lived in the United States, they shouldn't  be able to enjoy full constitutional protections, the Supreme Court was  pretty explicit about why these citizens in places like Puerto Rico  deserved this second-class treatment. Justice Henry Brown, who authored  the separate but equal doctrine, held that Puerto Rico and the other  territories didn't need to be afforded full rights under the  Constitution because the islands were ``inhabited by alien races,  differing from us in religion, customs, laws, methods of taxation, and  modes of thought.'' That, my friends, is racism defined. And it is both  past and present when it comes to the rationale for the historical and  continued mistreatment of the people of Puerto Rico.   It is time for that mistreatment to change--not just by doing right  by Puerto Rico at this moment, at their hour of need. Yes, it is time  for President Trump to command that FEMA and the U.S. military and the  powers that be in Puerto Rico turn the lights back on right now.  Congress should give Puerto Rico every cent they need.   I am glad that we came together this week to approve the latest round  of emergency aid, but it is long past time that we addressed the  second-class treatment we have given the people of Puerto Rico for  decades. Even that racist 1901 Supreme Court decision contemplated that  the territories' unequal status could only be justified temporarily. It  is time to untie the hands of the Puerto Rican people and ensure that  they have full economic and political rights.   I hope my colleagues will join me in this conversation in the coming  months. It is just as important as the one we are having on emergency  response because if anything good can come from the disaster of  Hurricane Maria, maybe it is that.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from New Mexico.   