 Mr. President, I want to talk tonight about a once-in-a- generation opportunity we have in this Senate tonight to help middle- class families, to help grow our economy. I am going to talk about the  facts. I am not going to be making stuff up. I am going to talk about  the real middle-class tax cuts that are in this legislation. I am going  to show you charts that indicate not just what kind of tax relief is  going to be there for you and your family but who is going to pay,  where the burden is.   Despite what you are hearing on the floor tonight from some on the  other side of the aisle, the burden of taxation actually increased in  this tax bill for the wealthiest Americans. In terms of defending the  status quo, which is a situation now where jobs and investment are  going overseas, I think it is an outrage that this body has sat and  watched company after company go overseas because of our Tax Code. To  say we shouldn't fix it, I don't get that. If we don't lower the rate  on businesses and workers who are competing every day when you have the  highest rate in the industrialized world and you have an international  system that rewards revenues being kept overseas--$2.5 trillion to $3  trillion of earnings overseas instead of bringing that back--that  status quo is not acceptable.   We can engage in all kinds of rhetoric here tonight, but if we stick  to the facts, I think we might be able to see why this legislation is  not only going to pass tonight but why so many Americans who are  struggling because they are living paycheck to paycheck are going to be  happy with this legislation. The proof is in the paycheck. People say  the proof is in the pudding. The proof is in the paycheck when people  see their withholding changing--less money being taken out of their  paychecks for taxes--when they see they have a little more take-home  pay and the family's budget is a little healthier, when they see the  economy begin to take off, and when they see the end of this exodus of  U.S. companies going overseas. In the last 13 years, 4,700 American  companies have left our shores and gone overseas--being bought by  foreign companies--that would not have gone if this Tax Code we are  promoting tonight had been in place. That is based on an Ernst & Young  study. Check it out. It is a big accounting firm. So 4,700, and when  they leave our shores, guess what, they take their jobs and investments  with them.   You might wonder why wages have been flat in this country for the  past couple of decades. It is because people who are supporting the  status quo and don't want to change this Tax Code are leaving workers  in America with no opportunities to get ahead because not only are  wages flat but expenses are up. That is called the middle-class  squeeze. It is very real, and it is happening.   I would ask folks, when they are thinking about what you are hearing  tonight on the floor, remember, one side is supporting the status quo.  The status quo is not working. It isn't working for people in America  and people in my State of Ohio who tell me: Rob, I am working hard. I  am playing by the rules. I am not getting ahead.   The statistics bear that out. Yes, some people are getting ahead, but  it is not the guy or the woman working on the shop floor in a factory  in Cleveland, OH, or Columbus, Toledo, Dayton, or Cincinnati because  their wages have been pretty darn flat. Again, their expenses are up,  especially healthcare, which is the largest single one of those  expenses. They want some help.   This legislation gives them that help in two ways: One, real middle- class tax cuts. We will talk about that in a second. Second, letting  them be competitive instead of competing with one hand tied behind  their backs because they are competing in a global economy, and they  know that.   Give them a chance. Give them a tax code that actually is up-to-date  and competitive and lets them have the opportunity to build a better  life, not just for themselves but for their kids and their grandkids  because that is what they really care about.   Again, I am happy to talk about that opportunity we have tonight, and  it is a rare opportunity because we have not reformed this Tax Code in  any substantial way in 31 years. Think about that. I celebrated my 62nd  birthday today. That means we have not reformed the Tax Code in 31  years. That is half of my life. By the way, 31 years ago, Ronald Reagan  was President. Pete Rose was still playing for the Cincinnati Reds.  ``Top Gun'' was at all the box offices. It was a big hit. That is how  long ago that was. During that time, I will tell you that every other  country we compete with, all of them, have reformed their Tax Code,  except us. We have sat back and had this debate. We have had this  gridlock, partisan gridlock, in Washington because we can't get our act  together.   By the way, if you are a worker trying to get ahead, you can't do it  on your own because the Tax Code has you competing with that one hand  tied behind your back. Only this place, Washington, Congress, a  President, can propose, develop, and sign legislation that can help  address this problem. This is our job. I sure hope we will do it.    In 1986, when that tax reform was passed 31 years ago, it led to two  things: one, more economic growth. In the 1980s and 1990s, we did have  economic growth--3, 3.5 percent, even 4.5 percent growth. Think about  that. We are now living, over the last 10 years, with growth, on  average, at about 1.5 to 2 percent. That is a big difference. The  second thing it did is, it got wages up. Wages actually increased  during that period after that tax reform.   We need to do it again. Our economy needs a shot in the arm again,  not just to improve the economy but to improve take-home pay. That is  what this tax reform proposal is designed to do.   We have heard, on the other side of the aisle, how this has moved too  quickly, somehow there hasn't been enough thought put into this. I  think it is long overdue. I think we should have done this years ago. I  also know, from being involved in these issues over the past couple of  decades on the House Ways and Means Committee and now in the Senate  Finance Committee, there has been a lot of thought put into this issue.  Just since I was elected to the Senate in 2010, there have been 70  hearings on tax reform.   Chairman Hatch is in the Chamber tonight. He will tell you, 2 years  ago we had five bipartisan working groups covering every part of the  Tax Code. The bipartisan working group that I cochaired with the  Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, focused on the international side. Do  you know what we decided? We decided we have to have a lower business  rate because it has to be competitive; otherwise, we will continue to  lose jobs in investment overseas, and we decided we have to have an  international system that is competitive and bring back some of that  $2.5 trillion to $3 trillion that is stuck overseas back to this  country for more jobs and investment. Guess what. It was bipartisan  then, and it is in the tax bill now.   Those are the ideas that are in this tax bill before us. They make  sense. In fact, for years, there has been a bipartisan agreement that  our Tax Code is broken, and it is Congress's responsibility to fix it.   I would like to commend tonight Speaker Ryan; Leader McConnell;  Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch, who is on the floor; Ways and Means  Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, who has been a strong and fair  negotiating partner with the Senate. I also want to thank my colleagues  who have spent so many hours on this effort: Senator Toomey, whom you  heard a little while ago talking about the economic benefits, as he  does so well, Senators Scott, Thune, Cornyn, Enzi, and Murkowski. They  were all on the conference committee, but many others too. Senators  Collins, Johnson, Rubio, Corker, who all helped us get to this point  and improve the legislation.   The bill that passed the House earlier today, and we are going to  vote on tonight, is the result of years and years of research and  debate. It makes good on the promise we have made to create a tax code  that provides tax relief to hard-working families but also positions  America for leadership in the 21st century global economy.   While we have seen some improvements in the economy recently, we have  seen better economic growth  [[Page S8119]]  numbers. Again, a lot of people I represent are not seeing the benefit  of that. That is why we have to pass this bill.   For years, colleagues on both sides of the aisle have called for  middle-class tax cuts to help ease the burden. This legislation will  finally actually deliver that middle-class tax relief. We have the  opportunity to provide it tonight. Starting January 1--less than 2  weeks from tonight--that tax relief goes into effect. People are going  to see how this tax reform helps them as soon as the IRS can adjust  withholding in paychecks, which I would hope would happen before the  end of February. Again, the proof is in the pudding. The proof is in  the paycheck. People are going to see it.   People can go online now and use a tax calculator to see how it will  affect them and their families. This is going to happen, and it is  going happen soon if we pass this legislation tonight.   Again, the most immediate benefit is for working families and for the  middle class. This bill doubles the child tax credit. It also increases  the refundability of the child tax credit. For those families with  kids, you have the opportunity now to save a little more money to deal  with the expenses of raising a child. It doubles the standard deduction  from $12,000 per family to about $24,000 per family. This, in effect,  creates a $24,000 zero income tax bracket for families and simplifies  the Tax Code. Probably 90 to 95 percent of Americans are going to take  that doubling of the standard deduction, I am told, and that will  simplify their returns but also give them tax relief right away. It  lowers tax rates for families across the board, with the largest  proportional benefit going to those at the lower end of the income  ladder, those who need it the most.   In fact, the combination of these tax cuts for lower income Americans  means that at least 3 million Americans who have income tax liability  now are going to pay nothing in taxes. They will be off the tax rolls  altogether.   I have a letter from the Joint Committee on Taxation that affirms  that. At our meeting last week of the conference, you can see where the  Joint Committee affirmed that again. Over 3 million are going to pay no  income taxes at all who pay income tax now. For those who say there is  no benefit there, talk to those 3 million people. They feel the  benefit. In fact, those people are going to be off the tax rolls  altogether because of the tax relief we are passing tonight.   As this chart shows, every income group will receive a tax cut. This  one is for the year 2019, so it is a year after the tax cuts are put in  place, which starts in just a couple of weeks. We have heard a lot from  opponents that the top end, those making $1 million or more, as we just  heard a little while ago, get all the benefits. It is simply not true.  This shows that the biggest percentage cut is among folks making  between $20,000 and $30,000 a year. That is the biggest, a 16.3-percent  cut.   It also shows that the smallest percentage cut is among those making  $1 million or more, a 5.9-percent cut. Again, there is tax relief  across the board here, but the bigger benefit is among folks at the  lower end of the economic scale. In fact, when you look at who pays the  income tax, you will see that those at the top are going to pay a  slightly bigger share of the tax burden under this bill. Today, those  making between $20,000 and $50,000 a year pay 4.37 percent of the  income taxes. Under this bill, they are going to pay a little less, 4.1  percent of the income taxes.   Those who make over $100,000 will go from paying 78.7 percent of the  tax burden to 79.1 percent of the tax burden. If you make over $100,000  a year, you are paying 78.7 percent of the tax burden today, and that  is going to go up. Your share of the burden is going to go up. The Tax  Code is pretty progressive right now, and it gets even more progressive  under this tax legislation.   These are not my numbers. These are the numbers from the Joint  Committee on Taxation, which is the nonpartisan group that scores these  things. Check out the numbers yourselves. Go on the Joint Committee on  Taxation's website, jct.gov, and check it out.   When you don't consider not choosing to buy healthcare insurance to  be a tax increase, which is how the Joint Committee on Taxation scores  ending the individual mandate, every income group of taxpayers gets a  tax cut under this plan every year, for the next 8 years, during the  time this tax cut is in place. Yes, it does expire, as did the tax cuts  in 2001 and 2003. Congress took those up, and for 95 percent of  Americans, we extended that tax relief. I hope we will do that again--I  expect we will--but during these next 8 years, this is real tax relief,  and it is needed.   I reject the premise that choosing not to buy healthcare insurance  under the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate is somehow a tax  hike, and I think most Americans do too. Take a look at the Rules  Committee's website at rules.house.gov, and you will see how a typical  family of four at the median income level will save more than $2,000 a  year on its taxes as a result of this plan. The median-income family in  Ohio--and in your State wherever you are--is going to be saving more  than $2,000 a year on its taxes.   Some have told me, as I walk down the halls here, that is not much  money. Do you know what? For families who are living paycheck to  paycheck, that is a lot of money, and it does help. It can be used to  pay for healthcare, to buy gas, to buy groceries, to maybe add a little  more to one's retirement.   Of course, beyond the middle-class tax cuts that are in this  legislation, families and workers are going to benefit from more jobs  and higher wages, as we talked about earlier. This is going to be  because there will be new investment and because there will be more  productivity, which is the thing that is really lacking in our economy  right now. Our productivity is weak. All of the economists agree on  this whether they are right, left, or center. You have to do something  to boost that productivity because that is going to result in higher  wages, and more competition for workers is going to result in higher  wages. That is going to happen because this Tax Code is focused on  increasing wages through more investment.   We have talked about how companies are going overseas now and how the  status quo is not working. It is crazy that Congress allows that to  happen, and fixing it is long overdue. We have talked about the $2.5  trillion, $3 trillion that is stuck overseas right now. We want to  bring that home. We want to add more jobs and investment in this  country.   We did a study in the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations--a  bipartisan effort. We studied these companies that go overseas through  what is called inversions or by being purchased by a foreign company.  What happens? Do they just move their headquarters overseas? No. We  found out they also move jobs and investment.   This is real. It is happening now. We can fix it. That is what this  bill is intended to do, and I believe you are going to see not just  middle-class tax relief to help with the take-home pay and the family  budget, but you are going to see this increase, finally, not just in  economic growth but in wages. That also makes the family budget a whole  lot more healthy.   I see Senator Cassidy has just come to the floor. Let me address an  issue that has been misrepresented on the floor this afternoon.   I heard one of my colleagues say this bill gets rid of the historic  tax credit. It does not, thanks to the efforts of some of us who  strongly support it, including Senator Cassidy. We actually retain the  current 20-percent credit in the Senate-passed bill and in the final  legislation. By the way, this historic tax credit has been very  helpful. It has been instrumental in generating more private funds to  restore historic buildings across my State of Ohio, including in my  hometown of Cincinnati, as well as in Cleveland, Columbus, and  elsewhere.   We also preserve the important tax credit for urban redevelopment  through the new markets tax credit and the private activity bonds,  which are still in this legislation just as they are in current law. In  Ohio, again, these tax incentives have leveraged a lot more private  sector dollars, spurred economic growth, job creation, affordable  housing, and I think have ultimately increased the tax revenue because,  as people are working and as you get these buildings up and going,  economic growth is generated, and so is tax revenue. They pay for  themselves, in my view. I have shared some  [[Page S8120]]  of those success stories in my home State throughout this process, and,  again, we have successfully maintained those provisions in our final  bill.   The result is, we have a good tax reform bill that achieves the  things that Republicans and Democrats alike have long supported--tax  cuts for the middle class and a more competitive Tax Code for American  workers and companies.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle tonight have talked  about this being bad for the deficit. I just have to tell them I  respectfully disagree.   The most important thing we can do right now to get the deficit down  is to get this growth back because economic growth results in more  revenue. One point in economic growth alone puts $2.7 trillion more in  revenue into the coffers of the Federal Government. That is based on  the numbers from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. Think  about that--$2.7 trillion more with just one point of economic growth.   The budget score we were forced to use for this legislation estimates  a very conservative level of economic growth--at a weak 1.9 percent  over the next 10 years. That was the last 10 years. We don't want to  repeat that. We don't have to repeat that. The average economic growth  over the past 30 years has been more than 2.5 percent, and over the  last two quarters, we have had economic growth of 3.1 percent and 3.3  percent. The Federal Reserve's and private forecasts are both above the  CBO's growth projections for next year, as an example, to show you why  I think the CBO's numbers are way too small, too weak.   That 1.9-percent growth is not only wrong, but I believe it is  unacceptable. It cannot be the new normal. With the strength of our  economy right now, paired with the pro-growth changes in this tax  reform plan, I believe economic growth will surpass this relatively low  projection that we are forced to use by increasing economic growth at  just 0.4 percent more than this 1.9 percent, this weak projection. In  growing the economy at about 2.3 percent rather than at 1.9 percent, on  average, there is sufficient revenue to pay for all of the tax relief  in this plan plus to begin to pay down the debt.   That is what I believe will happen if you do the right kind of tax  reform. It has to be the right kind. It has to be pro-growth. I believe  what we have done in this bill is exactly that. There is no question  that we are going to have more economic growth and more investment in  America. The current Tax Code is so broken that it is pretty easy to do  that, honestly--to create a more efficient and effective and productive  Tax Code. I believe a more confident America, with rising wages and  stronger economic growth, by the way, is much more likely to address  the very real fiscal challenges we face as a country.    This tax reform bill is not just about dollar amounts and bottom  lines, though; it is about the investment we are making in American  families, American workers, and American businesses. We are giving  families the freedom to spend more of their own money how they see fit,  we are putting faith in American entrepreneurs and workers to compete  and win in the global market, and we are creating a fairer tax system  that levels the playing field and creates jobs and investment here in  America rather than overseas.   Our constituents deserve this; they deserve better than the status  quo. They deserve more than just hollow promises; they deserve a  brighter future. I believe the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will reopen our  economy as the best place in the world to do business and create that  brighter future for all Americans.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). The Senator from Utah.   