 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member of our  subcommittee, the gentleman from Illinois, for his leadership and hard  work on the subcommittee and for yielding me this time.   Mr. Chairman, I want to express a few concerns with the bill before  us. But first, let me say that I support hydropower and believe it must  be maintained as an important part of our generation mix.   Hydro is an excellent source of reliable, zero-emissions electricity  generation. In order to address climate change and increase clean  energy production, it is, indeed, critical that we make licensing and  relicensing of these projects feasible.   This is an important issue for my home State of New York. Hydropower  resources produce 19 percent of New York State's total electricity  generation in 2016. The average age of New York's hydropower facilities  is over 50 years, and many projects are expected to go through the  relicensing process in the next 15 years.   I want to reiterate that Members on both sides of the aisle want to  see these projects developed within reasonable timelines. I understand  the current challenges in relicensing and the desire to bring greater  certainty to the process. However, I do not think the bill before us  would address those concerns in a balanced approach, which takes into  account the legitimate concerns of State and Tribal governments and  environmental stakeholders.   The process that produced this bill was flawed from the beginning.  The committee failed to hold a hearing to understand the concerns of  State and Tribal governments or Federal resource agencies. These  entities would be those whose authorities may be limited by FERC under  this legislation.   The bill enables FERC to set a schedule that may limit State and  Tribal governments and other Federal agencies from having the time to  fully consider and, yes, set conditions on license applications.   An enforceable FERC schedule, outside the control of these agencies,  may create a perverse incentive for applicants to slow-walk their  responses to information requests from other agencies and State  governments, effectively running out the clock and preventing  conditions from being required on the application.   Our water resources are precious. Different stakeholders have a  variety of expectations and demands--power generation, recreation,  wildlife and fish habitat, drinking water, and agriculture. Managing  these resources effectively is about balancing those often-competing  interests.   The Democratic alternative addresses the schedule concern by allowing  stakeholders to be involved in the creation of the schedule-setting  process. But I also believe FERC has some of the necessary tools  already in the underutilized Integrated Licensing Process which  encourages all stakeholders to engage in a robust, information sharing  process up front.   Now, finally, to set the record straight, I listened intently as the  gentlewoman from Washington State, the sponsor of the bill, spoke to  the fact that the Standing Rock Sioux were, indeed, represented at  hearings, that they had a witness at the FERC hearings. They were there  to discuss pipelines and not hydro.   Mr. Chairman, so I am opposing this bill today, but I hope we can  move forward with a truly bipartisan process in the future to improve  the licensing process while respecting the needs of all stakeholders.   