 Mr. President, it is probably not surprising but,  unfortunately, so far Democrats have shown little disposition to work  with Republicans on tax reform legislation, despite the fact that parts  of our plan, like lowering corporate tax rates and switching to a  territorial tax system, have been supported by Democrats as well as  Republicans.   One particular aspect of the Republican plan that Democrats have been  taking aim at lately is our plan to repeal the death tax. They complain  that it is not something to really worry about, since, they claim,  relatively few estates actually have to pay the tax.   One of my Democratic colleagues released a report detailing some of  the ways people try to avoid the death tax. From the tone of the press  release and report, one would think that anyone trying to avoid the  estate tax was a multibillionaire and a tax cheat--and greedy, to  boot. But I can tell you, the actual situation is very different.    Of course there are wealthy individuals who try to reduce or  eliminate their death tax liability. After all, who wants to be taxed a  second or third time on money they have earned during their lifetime  that they could be passing down to their children or grandchildren?   There are also a lot of small business owners and owners of family  farms and ranches who have to spend tens of thousands of dollars a year  trying to avoid the death tax in order to preserve their family  business for another generation. Many of the farmers and ranchers in my  State know that without careful and costly planning, the  [[Page S6526]]  Federal Government will come around after their death demanding a  staggering 40 percent of their estate and that their children won't  have the money to pay without risking the farm or ranch.   How does that work? Well, farming and ranching is a cash-poor  business. Farmers and ranchers may own valuable land, but they are only  earning cash on the crops they grow or the livestock they raise on that  land. Thus, while their overall farm or ranch may have a substantial  value, the amount of money they have coming in is relatively small and  subject to the swings in the market from year to year.   Frequently, when farmers and ranchers die, the vast portion of their  estate is made up of their land, while actual cash or liquid assets are  a very small part of it. If they don't take measures to avoid having  their family hit by the death tax, the family will have no choice but  to sell off the land to pay the government, which means losing income- generating property or the family's farm or ranch overall.   Family-owned businesses across the country face the same situation,  where the value of the estate is tied up in the business.   The threat of the death tax is a constant burden hanging over the  heads of farmers and ranchers in my State who want nothing more than to  be able to pass on the family farm or ranch to the next generation.   That brings me to a larger point--the need to simplify our current  Tax Code, which is one of the five principles guiding Republicans' tax  reform efforts.   Our Tax Code is long, and it is complicated. It is almost twice as  long as it was in 1985 and nearly six times as long as it was in 1955.  The instructions for the basic 1040 form alone are more than 100 pages  long, and it is no surprise. The Tax Code is full of deductions,  exemptions, and special rules, all of which amount to unnecessary  complication and, too often, confusion.   Take education tax benefits, an area of concern for middle-class  families. Currently, there are more than a dozen separate tax  provisions relating to education, from the American opportunity tax  credit to 529 savings accounts. Of course, these provisions come with  approximately 100 pages of IRS instructions, special forms, and  schedules, not to mention the professional tax preparer whom too many  families have to hire to figure it all out.   Then there are small businesses, which have to navigate a bewildering  mass of tax provisions and regulations but often don't have the money  to hire the professional help they need. I think it is fair to say that  a big reason some small businesses fail to get off the ground is  because they lack the resources that would enable them to deal with the  Tax Code,   Then, of course, as I mentioned before, there is that other bane of  small businesses and family farms and ranches; that is, again, the  death tax. The death tax forces farmers and ranchers to invest a  significant amount of time and money in complex estate plans,  insurance, and expensive tax professionals so they can preserve their  farm or ranch for their children.   According to a recent survey by Family Enterprise USA, of those  indicating that they undertook estate-planning efforts, the average  planning cost in 2016 was more than $170,000, and that doesn't include  the average cost of insurance to pay for the death tax, which was  $75,000 a year. Those are simply wasted resources that could be used to  reinvest back into the business, create new jobs, and increase wages-- all of which would help us achieve the kind of economic growth we have  been lacking for the past 8 years.   Republicans don't think farmers and ranchers should have to spend  tens of thousands of dollars a year to preserve their farm or ranch for  their children. We don't think families should have to hire a tax  preparer to file a basic income tax form. We don't think it should cost  small businesses between $15 billion and $16 billion each year to  comply with the Tax Code. We don't think you should have to be an  accountant to figure out what tax deductions, exemptions, or credits  you qualify for. We don't think the Tax Code should prevent Americans  from starting a small business or expanding an existing business to  provide more jobs or higher wages for their employees. So the  comprehensive tax reform bill we are currently drafting will simplify  the Tax Code. It will eliminate loopholes and special rules and  dedicate those savings to easing the tax burden on hard-working  families and small businesses. It will drastically ease the tax return  process, with the hope of making it as easy for Americans to file their  taxes as it is to fill out a postcard. It will eliminate the death tax  so that family-owned businesses, farms, and ranches in my home State of  South Dakota and around the country can focus their dollars on growing  their businesses, not paying for tax professionals to preserve it.   Our bill will simplify and streamline tax benefits so that you don't  need to hire a tax professional to figure out which education or home  ownership or other tax benefits you qualify for. So it is disappointing  that our Democratic colleagues are so hostile to the idea of working  with Republicans that they are passing on the chance to join us to  provide the American people with unprecedented relief from our  antiquated and overgrown Tax Code.   The single most important thing we can do for Americans struggling  with stagnant wages and a dearth of opportunities is to pass  comprehensive tax reform. By reforming our Tax Code, we can provide the  American people with more and better paying jobs, fairer taxes, and  bigger paychecks. Most importantly, we can do this for the long term.   I hope Democrats will rethink their opposition and join us as we work  to provide the American people with the relief that they have been  waiting for and that they deserve.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   