 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for  everything he is doing to lead this bill on the floor today. I would  like to also thank the ranking member from Minnesota for his good-faith  effort and his work. We worked in a collaborative way to address his  concerns.   Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank my colleague from Columbus,  Joyce Beatty; and my other colleague from Columbus, Pat Tiberi, for  their work in a bipartisan fashion for making this bill better, helping  this bill pass the House. I hope we can get it passed in the Senate  here shortly as well.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak today in support of the bill that  will designate the National Veterans Memorial and Museum being built in  Columbus, Ohio, as America's National Veterans Memorial and Museum.   The National Veterans Memorial and Museum will serve as a civic  landmark to honor, connect, inspire, and educate all Americans about  the service and sacrifice of our Nation's 22 million veterans. It will  be the only public museum of its kind that exists for the exclusive  role of sharing the experiences of veterans across all eras, conflicts,  and branches of military service.   You might ask: Why would we want to do this in Columbus, Ohio?   Well, first and foremost, Ohio has the sixth largest veterans  population in the United States, and it is easily accessible to almost  anyone in the United States. We are within a 10-hour's drive of almost  60 percent of the veterans in the United States.   I believe that it is going to be a great opportunity to have not  everything in Washington, D.C., but have it out in the rest of the  country.   Ohio is a great place of military history. Ohio was recently selected  to be the future home of the United States Veterans Affairs National  Archives in Dayton, and that will make sure that military records  dating back to the Revolutionary War are kept there.   Ohio is the birthplace of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and that is  one of the earliest adopted veterans service organizations.   This museum will also be, and is, supported by veterans service  organizations around the country, and we want to thank them for that.   A lot of veterans have worked hard to make that happen. For example,  Colonel Tom Moe, a Vietnam veteran and a POW who flew 85 missions, is  leading Veterans' Outreach for the National Veterans Memorial and  Museum, and he is part of the Veterans' Advisory Committee working  closely with the VSOs across the country to make sure this museum is  truly a national reflection of veterans and their stories.   Additionally, the Columbus Downtown Development Corporation is  managing this project. They are a 501(c)(3) that will operate, fund,  and manage the museum, led by a national board of directors, including  veterans, veterans service organizations, and the families of America's  veterans. This 501(c)(3)'s mission will remain focused on ensuring that  the museum conveys the reverence owed to our veterans of yesterday and  today, as well as tomorrow.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Chairman  Roe for his leadership in this legislation and allowing this to go  through regular order through the Veterans' Affairs Committee. There  were hearings. It was a collaborative process, and we worked to address  some issues from the other side of the aisle. We worked in a good-faith  effort.   I think we came up with a good solution that ensures that this museum  will have the highest standards and will be representative of the  national designation in a way that we can all be proud of.   I am convinced that both the minority and majority staff wanted to  make this museum the greatest it can be, and I want to thank them for  all their efforts.   We were able to hear from VSOs testifying in support of this museum  that included The American Legion, the VFW, the Paralyzed Veterans of  America. I believe that through their testimony and our work, there was  a lot of great information that was exchanged, and we are excited to  move forward with the National Veterans Memorial and Museum.   One last point is that this museum was funded with private donations.  It requires no Federal funding to open the doors. I believe that is  another competitive advantage.   Again, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Roe, Ranking Member  Walz, Chairman Bilirakis, the members of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee, and, most importantly, my co-lead and colleague on this  effort, Joyce Beatty and Pat Tiberi from Columbus.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation.   