 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose the  passage of the so-called Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2017, H.R. 21.  Let's not get it twisted. This is a mundane area that we are in,  administrative review processes and how we are going to deal with  regulations coming out of Federal agencies. This is a mundane topic,  but it has real world implications.   The bottom line is this is not a jobs bill. The American people sent  Congress here to work on jobs and to work on economic security for  Americans, and the first item of business out of this brand-new  Congress is to gut the House Office of Congressional Ethics. Now, why  would they want to do that? It was because they liked the idea of the  fox guarding the henhouse. They wanted to put themselves in control  over the henhouse once again, and the American people called them on  it, and so they had to withdraw it.   So what do they do? Today they come back with not a jobs bill but a  regulatory bill, an antiregulatory bill, something that protects the  health, safety, welfare, and well-being of Americans--little ones,  elderly, workers, people who are consumers. They want to gut  regulations.   Now, what regulations do they want to gut? They will tell you, by the  way, that gutting regulations helps to enhance job creation, but  nothing can be further from the truth when you consider that under the  last 8 years of President Obama, where we have had regulatory regimes  established under the Affordable Care Act and also Dodd-Frank, we have  created 15.6 million new jobs over 81 straight months of private sector  job growth. Unemployment is now approaching 4 percent, which is  basically full employment. And wages are going up for Americans. And so  despite the Affordable Care Act and Dodd-Frank, you have got Americans  that are prospering.   What do the Republicans want to do? They try to trick you into  believing that they are going to create more jobs by removing  regulations. What regulations do they want to do away with? It is the  Affordable Care Act and Dodd-Frank. So they want to reward their  campaign contributors, Wall Street fat cats, with this legislation that  will enable them to create conditions that will be similar to the ones  that President Obama inherited when he walked into the Presidency 8  years ago. And you can't fail to remember how bleak and bad the economy  was.   The economy was in the tank. President Obama brought it back. Dodd- Frank brought it back. And millions--20 million more Americans now have  health insurance than they had back then. And the cost of premiums for  working people who had insurance through their jobs, the rate of  increase has gone to the lowest level over the last 50-plus years. That  is real benefits.   What the Republicans want to do, they have said they are going to  repeal and replace ObamaCare. They don't have anything to replace it  with. They just simply want to repeal it, and that is the regulation  that they seek to get at with this bill, H.R. 21, Midnight Rules Relief  Act of 2017. This is an attempt to bring the standard of living that  Americans have come to enjoy to a halt. It is going to impact  negatively our ability to be secure in our personal finances.   New data from the American Community Survey indicates that the number  of uninsured Americans continues  [[Page H78]]  to decline every year. What happens when our rural hospitals close and  when all the people from throughout the State have to converge on the  emergency rooms of the urban hospitals, and it is uncompensated care?  Who pays for it? You pay for it.   Let's not get this legislation twisted.    This is an attack on your ideals. I ask that  my colleagues vote against this legislation.   