 Mr. Speaker, I voted against H.J. Res. 123, a stop-gap  resolution that keeps the government open for another two weeks,  through December 22, 2017. Once again Republicans, who control both the  House and the Senate, cannot get their work done. Instead they continue  to kick the can down the road.   The resolution keeps funding transportation at last year's levels  rather than the higher funding levels provided by the FAST Act for  2018, meaning it cuts the mandated increases in transportation  investment by more than $950 million for Federal-aid highways and  almost $200 million for public transit investment. As a result, this  bill withholds $1.2 billion from Federal highway, public transit, and  highway safety investments--preventing States, local governments, and  public transit agencies from making critical investments, letting  contracts, creating good-paying jobs, and working to relieve the  Nation's crippling traffic congestion.   A two-week resolution gives Republicans more time to complete their  massive tax scam bill, which benefits corporations and the wealthy at  the cost of middle class workers, seniors, students, and our national  debt. Paul Ryan has said after the bill passes, Republicans will move  to cut Medicare and Medicaid benefits.   Further, the resolution does not reauthorize the Children's Health  Insurance Program (CHIP). Instead, it includes a technical fix to  ensure no state runs out of CHIP funding in December. If Congress does  not reauthorize CHIP by December 31st, Oregon will not have enough  funds to fully fund CHIP on January 1, 2018.   The resolution does not include a permanent fire borrowing fix or  additional disaster aid for communities devastated by wildfire or other  natural disasters. Oregon suffered through one of the worst fire  seasons in decades. Congress has twice provided USFS emergency funding  to repay non-wildfire accounts this year. Without a permanent fire  borrowing fix, USFS will continue to have to rob forest management  accounts to pay for fire suppression--meaning our forests will continue  to be overgrown and infested with insects and disease, powder kegs  waiting to burn next year.   Finally, the resolution does not include any solutions for the  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. Roughly 800,000  law-abiding individuals are at risk of deportation otherwise. Congress  must work together to ensure that individuals who were brought  illegally into this country as children, through no fault of their own,  are not targeted for deportation.   