 Mr. Speaker, I support the passage of H.R. 3731 today  to strengthen the resolve of our men and women in the Secret Service to  continue performing their essential duties in protecting the President  while receiving the appropriate compensation for their efforts which go  beyond normal working hours. This legislation ensures that a pay cap is  no longer a barrier to paying Secret Service agents who stand watch at  all hours of the night, often racking up significant overtime. The  current pay cap restricts the Secret Service from paying their  employees what is due to them.   Director Alles believes this legislation to be such an important  initiative to pass that he personally came to discuss it with me as  Chairman of the Judiciary Committee with oversight of the Secret  Service. I am glad that we are, in a bipartisan way, enabling the men  and women of the Secret Service to now receive the necessary  compensation for the significant overtime work they perform.   The GAO reporting requirement in the legislation will also provide to  Congress important analysis of how well the Secret Service has  implemented the recommendations of the Protective Mission Panel.  Knowing these results will help in conducting crucial oversight of the  agency.   I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Rutherford) that the House suspend the  rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3731, as amended.   The question was taken.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds  being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.    Mr. Speaker, the Stopping Abusive Female Exploitation,  or ``SAFE,'' Act addresses the internationally-recognized human rights  violation of female genital mutilation (FGM). The Center for Disease  Control estimates that approximately 500,000 women and girls in the US  have undergone the procedure or are at risk of having it inflicted upon  them, and it has only grown in prevalence over the last two decades.  FGM provides no health benefits for women and girls, and has long- lasting and harmful physical and psychological consequences.   While FGM is rightly a federal crime under current law, the current  penalty is insufficient. It does not reflect the barbaric and medieval  nature of the crime; nor does it reflect the harm caused to these young  girls. That is why we are considering the SAFE Act today.   As a father and grandfather, I can think of no more important work  than protecting our children from those who seek to do them harm.   I commend Representative Dave Trott, an alumnus of this Committee,  and Representative Carolyn Maloney, for introducing the SAFE Act and  for their tireless efforts on behalf of FGM victims. I urge my  colleagues to support this important legislation.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Rutherford) that the House suspend the  rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3317, as amended.   The question was taken.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds  being in the affirmative, the ayes have it.   