 Madam President, in the fall of 2015, when I first spoke  on the Senate floor, I gave Nebraskans and every Member of this body my  word that I would speak up when a Republican President exceeded his or  her powers. At that moment, the Democratic President had taken to  himself powers the Constitution had not given him. My opposition was  not that President Obama was a Democrat but rather that our brilliant  Constitution intentionally separates executive and legislative powers.   I gave my promise then because, despite the lazy, partisan rhetoric  of this city, not everything is actually a blood feud between  Republicans and Democrats. That is because American politics at its  best is acutely aware of the difference between justice and strength.  That is because when our body is working well in the Senate, we take  seriously our history, our duties, and our unique place in the  Constitution's architecture of separate powers, both vertically and  horizontally.   In 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the Obama administration  had made unconstitutional appointments when it declared this body to be  in recess when the U.S. Senate was not, in fact, in recess, and it  functionally claimed power--that is, the administration functionally  claimed power--that belonged to the Senate under our Constitution.   So today I have come to the floor to keep my promise and to offer a  word of humble advice to the President. If you are thinking of making a  recess appointment to push out the Attorney General, forget about it.  The Presidency isn't a bull and this country isn't a china shop. Mr.  President, you are a public servant, in a system of limited government,  with a duty to uphold and to defend and to teach to our kids the  Constitution's system of checks and balances. This--this is the world's  greatest experiment in self-government. It works only if all of us-- Presidents, Senators, Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and  judges--if we all keep our faith to the American institutions and to  the rule of law.   Our oath is not to popularity, it is not to polls, and it is not to  political parties. Our oath is to the Constitution and to the rule of  law. Our duty is to the American people--the men and women who elected  us, the men and women who came before us, and especially the men and  women who will come after us in this greatest of experiments in self- government.   Madam President, with respect to the healthcare debate that we are  having in this body, while I obviously look forward to taking seriously  and considering any and all amendments offered by my colleagues, both  Republicans and Democrats, the basic trajectory of where we are in  healthcare has not changed. We should all be disappointed by where we  are.   Here is what I mean. It is very likely that in the coming decade,  basic math is going to force Americans and those who will serve them in  this and other institutions of government--they are going to be forced  to choose between two paths. This isn't that hard to see. We are  ultimately going to choose between single-payer, socialized medicine-- something I think is terrible policy, but it is intellectually  coherent--or we are going to actively build the innovative, disruptive  system of consumer-based health insurance that actually goes with  consumers and patients and Americans and taxpayers across job and  geographic change. We are ultimately going to make a choice.   Sadly, this has been a missed opportunity. We are not making the big  choice now. We are making a choice between a couple of small options.  We have forks in front of us that are, I think, dissatisfying to  everyone. I have one constituent at home, who also happens to be my  wife, who when she checks in on the processes of Washington, she  regularly says: Both of your political parties are so gross. She is  dissatisfied, like so many of the constituents who call us and come to  our offices, with the fact that we are not debating the real stuff  around here. We are making a choice between two small, pretty crappy  options, when really the big choice that is in front of us--when we  have health entitlements which dwarf everything else on the Federal  budget--the two choices before us aren't really that hard to see. We  are ultimately going to migrate toward a European-style single-payer  system, where government will be more effective at controlling costs,  but it will do it by crowding out lots and lots of the private sector.  We are either going to have single-payer healthcare or eventually we  will create a system where you have portable, affordable insurance.   We have none of those things today. We have no portability today. You  can't take your insurance policy with you across job and geographic  change. When I change jobs, I don't lose my life insurance. I don't  have to cancel my car insurance because I changed jobs. But we are  still living on a system that launders our insurance, which is really  mostly the collectivized prepayment of mostly predictable medical  expenses. We launder it through a tax accident from the 1940s. So you  have to do that through your large employer group. You can't do it in  the small market or as an individual. So we don't have portability, and  we all know we need portability.    We did this 30 years ago in pensions. We used to also launder through  a tax accident where, when people were presumed to work at one firm  through their whole career, they had a defined benefit pension plan. It  worked when you worked at the same place from high school graduation to  retirement. It doesn't work when the average duration at a job for  Americans is now under 4 years. So we did the hard work of reforming a  pension system from a defined benefit to a defined contribution, tax- protected, portable 401(k) plan.   Obviously, we all know that if we are not going to end up in  socialized medicine, we should have portability in our health insurance  benefits. We should have farmers and ranchers in the Presiding  Officer's State or in my State able to keep their insurance that they  usually have to buy through the individual market, or we need the gig  economy mobile workers who are going to change jobs even faster than  every 4 years to not become uninsured for 4 to 6 months every fourth  year when they change jobs. That is actually the No. 1 driver of  uninsurance in America today.   To listen to pundits screaming on TV, you would think that somehow  there are so many sicker or so many poorer Americans and that is why we  have had arcing uninsurance since 1990. But that is not true. We don't  have more poor people and we don't have more sick people. Uninsurance  went up from 1990 to 2009 because people change jobs more rapidly, and  every 4 years when they change jobs, if they have a 4- to 6-month  period of uninsurance, that is when they get the breast cancer  diagnosis, or probabilistically that might be when they get in the car  accident, and now they become the preexisting condition population of 5  and 10 and 15 years from today.   This isn't rocket science. Uninsurance has grown in America over the  last 25 years because we change jobs more and we have a stupid, clunky  system from 60 years ago that we still launder through a tax accident.  We should have portability. We should have affordability. We should  have a real debate in this body about why so many--and by the way, I  have been critical of my party for not having a good plan for replace.  But I will say to those on the other side of the aisle, the  ``Affordable Care Act'' is an absurdly Orwellian name for a piece of  legislation that those who were in this body and voted for 7 years ago  told the American people--you all did a press conference at the White  House, and you said premiums would fall $2,500 per family of four. They  have risen $3,200 on average per family of four. So your plus or minus  sign was off to the tune of $5,700 per American family.   In my State and in the Presiding Officer's State, we now have a lot  of  [[Page S4364]]  farming families in counties where there is only one insurer, where  premiums are now north of $20,000 a year for the insurance market.   Stop pretending this is in any way affordable.   What we have is a system where the assumption is that because the  system is so broken, the only way anybody could ever get health  financing--and supposedly, health financing is the means to getting  access to the health delivery system--is that everybody needs to be on  welfare. That doesn't work.   We should have a robust social welfare safety net for the poorest and  sickest among us, and we all in this body should be accountable for  passing a piece of legislation that delivers a system where lower  middle-class and middle-class and upper middle-class Americans can  afford their own health insurance. Not everybody in America needs to be  on welfare, and not everybody in America wants to be on welfare.   So our system is not affordable, it is not portable, and  fundamentally it is not really insurance.   We have a system that is mostly about the collectivized prepayment of  all medical expenses. We don't do this in any other sector of the  economy. Think how absurd it would be for us to pass a law in this body  mandating that Allstate and State Farm have to buy all your gas and  schedule all your Jiffy Lube appointments. That is what we are trying  to do in healthcare. Guess what. We can guess what it would look like.  Jiffy Lube would be open at the wrong hours; it would be at the wrong  locations; we wouldn't know what services they deliver; there wouldn't  be quality metrics on any of it; and it would probably grow at 2 to  2\1/2\ times inflationary or GDP growth--just like healthcare.   We are trying to hyper-regulate and micromanage all of the largest  sector of the U.S. economy from here by pretending we are talking about  insurance, when we are not. What this body and what the Congress and  what Washington, DC, have wanted to do for years is run every decision  in healthcare but not tell the American people the truth--that it turns  out it is really expensive.   Nobody comes to the floor and advocates--maybe Bernie does. Maybe  Senator Sanders comes to the floor and actually honestly advocates for  raising taxes to the level of all the micromanagement of the health  sector that people in this body want to do. But what most people want  to do--and it isn't just your side of the aisle; it turns out it might  be a lot of people on my side of the aisle as well--they would like to  have so much control over the healthcare sector but not admit how  expensive it is, that we will do it by regulations on the financing  model so you can hide it under the word ``insurance.'' Most of what is  happening in American healthcare isn't insurance. Insurance is  insulating people from catastrophic loss from non-behaviorally-driven,  unpredictable events.   Everybody in this body wants every American to have health insurance,  and everybody in this body should also want a health delivery system  where the average American family living on middle-class wages could  afford to buy their healthcare without potentially going broke or  needing to become a ward of the State in the form of welfare. We should  be having that debate. We should have a debate about portable  insurance, about affordable insurance, versus socialized medicine. I am  against socialized medicine, but people who want to advocate for it  have an intellectually coherent position. That is the debate we should  be having. Instead, we are going to kick the can down the road and have  another small-ball debate. This is a lost opportunity for the American  people, and it kind of makes a sham of the joke that this is the  greatest deliberative body on the face of the Earth.   I live in a little farm town in Nebraska. There are 10 not-for-profit  boards in my town that deliberate a heck of a lot better than we  deliberate in this body. We can and should do better.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   