 Mr. President, several weeks ago the House of  Representatives passed a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act and to  replace it. It was passed without hearings. It was passed without an  amendment process, and it was passed before the Congressional Budget  Office provided the traditional analysis that we count on before we  take up a measure of such magnitude.   The measure passed with a party-line vote--all Republicans. Had two  Republicans voted the other way, it would not have moved forward.   After it passed, the President of the United States decided to have a  celebration at the White House. We saw him on television, gathering the  Republican Members of the House of Representatives and celebrating the  fact that this measure had passed and that, finally, they were going to  repeal the Affordable Care Act.   But then the American people took a close look and the Congressional  Budget Office issued its analysis, and it turns out that 23 million  Americans would lose their health insurance because of this Republican  measure that passed the House of Representatives.    It turns out as well that there would be a dramatic increase in  health insurance premiums for people between the ages of 50 and 64.   It turns out that in my State and many other States hospitals were in  danger. The Illinois Health and Hospital Association says they would  lose 60,000 jobs in Illinois with the dramatic cutbacks in Medicaid,  endangering hospitals in rural areas and inner-city areas.   The facts started coming out about this repeal bill passed by the  House of Representatives, and the President of the United States had a  change of heart and announced to the American people that it was a mean  bill--a mean bill. The President was right. It was mean legislation-- mean to the millions who lost their healthcare, mean to seniors who  would find their premiums going up dramatically, and mean to the people  living in rural areas and small towns who count on those hospitals.   The President was right. It was mean.   Then, the responsibility shifts to the Senate. The majority leader,  Senator McConnell, and his Republican followers had a chance to do a  bill that was not mean. They had a chance to sit down on a bipartisan  basis and to have the same process we used to create the Affordable  Care Act.   That would have involved public hearings. We had 50 public hearings  on the Affordable Care Act. It would have involved a real amendment  process. The Affordable Care Act had 300 amendments. How many were  offered by the Republicans? There were over 150 offered and adopted in  a bipartisan process when we passed the Affordable Care Act. The  American people got a good look at the bill. The Congressional Budget  Office issued their analysis before we voted on it. We passed it, and I  am glad we did, and I am proud of that vote.   But what happened in the Senate when it came to the Republicans? They  went into secrecy. Thirteen chosen Republican Senators all sat in a  room and wrote the alternative, or so we are told. They met in secret  and never once had a public hearing, never once disclosed to the  American people what was being debated, never once gave an opportunity  for real bipartisan cooperation to strengthen our existing healthcare  system--not at all.   So all we have at this moment is truly press accounts of what has  been announced to the Republican Senate caucus, what they are going to  get a chance to read and see. But it is enough to see that when it  comes down to the basics, there is not much of a change between the  House of Representatives' effort and the Senate effort.   You can put a lace collar on a pit bull, and it is still a mean dog.  [[Page S3700]]    What we have here with the Republicans in the Senate is an attempt to  dust off the edges of the House bill and say: This is not as mean. I  will tell you, at the end of the day, from the reports we have, this is  still a mean dog, and one the people of the United States don't want to  see happen.   There isn't a single medical advocacy group--not one in my State, and  I don't know of any nationwide--that endorses what the Republicans in  the House have accomplished with the passage of their bill, and this  bill mirrors it, as well, and we can expect the same result.   So the only thing we can offer the American people is a chance to be  part of the conversation on a bill that will literally change  healthcare for millions of Americans. If they are going to be part of  the conversation, there has to be a chance for amendment and debate, at  least, and a chance for the American people to see what is in the  Senate Republican measure.   So I ask unanimous consent that any substitute or perfecting  amendment offered to Calendar No. 120, H.R. 1628, be subject to a point  of order if the text of the amendment has not been filed at the desk  and made available on a public website for at least 72 hours, along  with an analysis by the Congressional Budget Office of the bill's  budgetary, coverage, and cost implications; and that a motion to waive  the point of order be in order, and if a motion to waive is made, an  affirmative three-fifths vote of those duly chosen and sworn is  required to waive the point of order.   