 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairwoman Black for her  leadership on this budget. It is important that we do a budget--and it  is always difficult to bring a budget forward because it represents the  views that we have, and, of course, we in the House passed a budget  that shows the country how we can get back to a balanced Federal  budget, how we can get our economy moving again, and how we can finally  rebuild the middle class.   Mr. Speaker, that is really what is at heart with this budget vote.  This budget starts the process of actually going out and cutting taxes  across the board so that middle class families can have a better  opportunity for the American Dream. If you look over the last 10 years,  we have seen our middle class evaporate in this country.   So many times, we have seen company after company move jobs overseas.  And anybody who has complained about that--and I sure have been angry  about it--the first thing you do is you go ask them: Why did you move  the jobs overseas? And they say: Because America is not competitive  again.   We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world, in the entire  industrial world. And what it means is, middle class jobs are being  shipped to other countries. We can complain about it all day, Mr.  Speaker, but how about we actually do something about it? This bill  starts that process--working with President Trump who wants to bring  those middle class jobs back to America.   We are talking about high-paying jobs, $60,000- to $150,000-a-year  jobs that left our country. We can bring those jobs back. That is what  this vote is about. That is what this budget is about: starting the  process to finally rebuild our middle class, to finally bring those  jobs back, and to finally give a tax break to families who have been  struggling for so long under slow economic growth.   Let's actually grow our economy. Growing our economy is not just good  for rebuilding the middle class and for those hardworking taxpayers who  will get real relief under this bill, but also to our ability to reduce  the deficit and finally get back to balanced Federal budgets so that we  can create a healthier economy and a healthier America.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everybody to vote ``yes'' on this budget.   