 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, earlier today in the Senate Judiciary  Committee, we considered the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve  as the next Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. According to Judiciary  Committee practice, that nomination was held over for a week, which  means that Judge Gorsuch will be voted out of the Senate Judiciary  Committee on April 3, and it will be available for floor action  thereafter.   As the Nation--and perhaps even the world--knows, we held lengthy  hearings last week to review his qualifications, his experience, and  his approach to judging. I have to say that he really impressed  everybody who approached this whole issue with an open mind about  whether he was qualified to serve on the High Court. But unfortunately,  as those of us who work in the Senate know, there has already been a  threat by the Democratic leader to filibuster his nomination.   It is really important for the country to recall that there has never  been a successful partisan filibuster of a nominee to the U.S. Supreme  Court. Sometimes people want to talk about Abe Fortas in 1968, but  ultimately Abe Fortas, who was nominated to be Chief Justice of the  Supreme Court by his friend and mentor, Lyndon Johnson, asked to  withdraw his nomination after one failed cloture vote and ultimately  ended up resigning from the Supreme Court of the United States in  disgrace. It is hardly a precedent for what Democrats have said they  are going to do with regard to this good man and this good judge, Neil  Gorsuch.   I understand my friend the Democratic leader has a tough job. He has  a split caucus--those who want to take Democrats over the ledge and  those who would like to try to find some way to work out a reasonable  accommodation. Unfortunately, he is under a lot of pressure from the  radical groups on the left to do whatever he can to tank this superb  nominee. Again, this would be unprecedented in American history.   It is true that Democrats in 2013 did the so-called nuclear option,  which has established a new precedent in the Senate with regard to  lower court judges--circuit court judges and district court judges-- along with Cabinet nominees. Ironically, the so-called Reid precedent  of 2013 has kind of come back to bite them a little bit, as President  Trump now has been able to see all of his Cabinet members confirmed  with 51 votes, or, in the case of one, 50 plus the Vice President.   I was glad to see a quote from a report in a Vermont publication from  our friend the senior Senator from Vermont, the former chairman of the  Judiciary Committee, in which he said he wasn't inclined to filibuster  the nomination of Judge Gorsuch and that he deserves a minimum of an  up-or-down vote. So I hope others will follow the lead of Senator  Leahy, who has been in the Senate a long time in the majority and in  the minority. He realizes it is important to maintain a certain level  of tradition and decorum here in the Senate, because usually what goes  around comes around. Unfortunately, this new precedent of filibustering  Supreme Court Justices, if allowed to happen, is going to continue to  be very damaging to the Senate and even to the country.   I hope he is still of that same mind--that he is not inclined to  filibuster the nomination of Judge Gorsuch. If he takes that position,  I know he will influence a lot of colleagues on the other side of the  aisle because of his distinguished record of service in the Senate and  in the Judiciary Committee.   I look forward to the committee approving Judge Gorsuch's nomination  next week and then taking that nomination up on the Senate floor and  confirming the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to serve as the next  Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).   