 Mr. President, the Russian sanctions amendment passed by  this body 97 to 2 last year--I take it the Senator from Florida and the  Senator from Virginia were here at the time; it was one person who was  not--was negotiated between Senators of both parties on multiple  committees, including Foreign Relations, Banking, and Armed Services.  It was specifically designed to impose tough sanctions on Russian  defense and intelligence sectors, to impose tough sanctions on the  Russian military industrial complex and intelligence agencies that have  made it possible for Russia to invade Ukraine, annex Crimea, terrorize  Syria, threaten our NATO allies, and attack America's election in 2016.  Have no doubt about what this amendment is, my dear colleagues and  friends. It is a giveaway to the Russian military industrial complex.   There has always been a collection of lawmakers, executives, and  lobbyists who have accepted continuing, even deepening, our Nation's  dependence on Russian rocket engines. That is exactly what will happen  if we allow this amendment to pass, and the door will once again fly  open for taxpayer dollars to be used to subsidize purchases of Russian  rocket engines--purchases which line the pockets of Vladimir Putin's  cronies.   My friends, if you want to vote to buy more Russian rocket engines,  just say it. That is fine. That is fine with me, but to cloak it in  some kind of bipartisan agreement that somehow we are going to have to  continue to buy these Russian rocket engines, after we had an agreement  last year 97 to 2--97 to 2--what does this do? This undoes last year's  97-to-2 agreement. We don't need this amendment to meet America's needs  in space.   As a result of last year's bipartisan agreement and the NDAA, the  Department of Defense is on a path to gradually eliminate dependence on  Russia as quickly as possible while fostering competition among  American companies. NASA needs to do the same. NASA needs to do the  same. NASA needs to do the same.   Sanctions, by definition, require tradeoffs. Sanctions are not free.  Countries that impose sanctions must be willing to pay a cost, too, if  and when a greater principle, a great national security interest, is at  stake.   Let me conclude because I note the chairman of the Foreign Relations  Committee and the ranking member here. There are costs and tradeoffs  the United States has been asking our European allies to make in the  last few years. We have leaned on France to cancel a sale of naval  vessels to Russia. We have been warning Central and Eastern European  allies against deepening their dependence on Russian energy with  various energy deals and infrastructure projects. We should not be  asking our allies to make these sacrifices unless we are prepared to do  the same.   We will probably pass this amendment. If there is ever a doubt in any  of our constituents' minds about the influence of special interests, it  will be with passage of this amendment--which, by the way, with all due  respect to my friends and colleagues, was the one thing they didn't  want. The one thing they didn't want was an on-the-record vote on this  amendment, which is why I am confident it will lose, but I want every  Member of the U.S. Senate to look in the eyes of the mother whose son  was just killed by a Russian sniper, as I did, down in Mariupol not too  long ago.   I urge a ``no'' vote on the amendment. I know how it is going to come  out, but Members of the U.S. Senate will at least be on record. I say  this is not the most courageous chapter in the history of this  institution. I urge a ``no'' vote.    I thank the Senator from Tennessee and my friend from  Maryland.   I yield the floor.   