 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour  and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until  6:30.   On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning  hour and noon for legislative business.   On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.   Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next  week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business  today.   One suspension worth highlighting is H.R. 1644, the Korean  Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act, sponsored by Chairman  Ed Royce. Mr. Speaker, last year, North Korea conducted two nuclear  weapons tests and 26 ballistic missile flight tests.   Congress has long led the charge to impose strict sanctions against  the Kim Jong-un regime. This bill would continue that effort by  specifically sanctioning North Korea's shipping industry, as well as  targeting those who employ North Korean slave labor abroad. It is  critical we send a clear and bipartisan message that North Korea's  reckless provocations cannot continue.   In addition, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 1180, the  Working Families Flexibility Act, sponsored by Representative Martha  Roby. This bill would give employees the option to convert the overtime  hours worked into paid time off. Mr. Speaker, hardworking Americans in  the private sector deserve the same flexibility that public sector  workers have enjoyed for decades. By passing this bill, we will give  American families greater choice in how they spend their most important  resource, their time.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider legislation providing  further appropriations for the 2017 fiscal year. I am encouraged by the  reports I have received from our Appropriations Committee regarding  these negotiations, and I look forward to a strong vote on this  agreement next week.   Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible. If any items  are added, I will relay scheduling information to Members as soon as  possible.    Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is correct. This is a  critical area and one that we do want to make sure we speak with one  voice and a bipartisan voice.   I have spoken to the committee chairman. He is continuing to work on  this. And I anticipate, not next week but in the future, that coming to  the floor.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for  yielding.   That is true. I want to thank the gentleman even for his comments  earlier in the week. I know they might not have been the same comments  as the rest on the other side of the aisle. It was our anticipation  that we would not have to do a continuing resolution.   I do believe that the committee is very close. It is the intention of  the committee to get to an agreement. I hoped to get to an agreement as  early as today, knowing that we do want to provide to the Members the 3  days so they can read through the entire bill and that we can vote on  this before the end of this short-term CR.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I know  we have had many discussions in regards to this, and we have a very  strong difference of opinion.   I would believe those individuals that have lost their doctors and  that have lost their health care entirely, that they do not have  someone providing it. If you look within Tennessee and one-third of the  entire country, they only have one provider. There are challenges. We  cannot continue to sit back and just watch ObamaCare fail. We have to  do something about it.   We had committees work through a bill. We have made great progress  over the Easter break. Members have been talking to one another.  Members have seen a new amendment to add to the bill. They have been  looking at it this week, and I anticipate as soon as Members have  looked through that that we will bring that bill to the floor.   I don't have anything scheduled for next week. But as soon as a bill  is scheduled, we will notify you. I anticipate the Members reading  through it this weekend, and, as soon as possible, we will bring that  bill to the floor.    I thank the gentleman for yielding.   And yes, we have had a lot, ample debate already, through committee  and part of the floor, but it is our anticipation that we will give you  plenty of notification.   We have already posted the amendment to make sure everybody has the  ability to read it, and it has already been there 3 days. It is just 8  pages long, and we have provided the 3 days already. But we will give  you, as soon as it is scheduled for the floor, notice of it coming.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the  House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 1, 2017, when  it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for  legislative business.   