 Mr. Speaker, what is it that objectors are truly afraid  of? We hear the words ``civilian control of the military'' as if  somehow those American citizens who have borne the brunt of service or  battle are somehow no longer entitled to their citizenship, forever  imprinted with some mark of Cain.   What are opponents trying to say? Is it: We are afraid of the warrior  class. We are afraid they might cause a war? American battle-hardened  warriors understand the need to prevent human suffering, the chaos of  destroyed communities, the loss of order, the lack of public services,  and carnage caused by weapons, disease, or hopelessness. My own  observation is that the greatest saber rattling often seems to occur  from bloviating politicians who have never borne the sword.   What are opponents trying to say? Is it: We are afraid they might  take over the government? Well, if there was ever an opportunity for  that concern, it was in the 1790s. President George Washington, a  general, was revered. He had appointed to his Cabinet five generals and  a couple of colonels. If there was ever a time for a military takeover  of the United States, it was then. Instead, George Washington  relinquished the most important, powerful position in the land. He,  like all warriors, understood what it meant to serve their country.   If you look at our own Secretaries of State, historically, nearly  one-third had military service, with 10 obtaining senior rank. The  parade of notable senior warriors serving as Secretary of State remind  us that military leaders have often made the best foreign policy for  our country. Why no such concerns about military takeover there? On  observation, it appears as if America has a phobia of civilian control  of diplomacy.   General Mattis is a warrior who will put the national security and  peace of the United States above all other concerns. He will do it with  humility and continued selfless service. He needs to be waivered and  confirmed immediately for the good of our country.   Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.   