 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Strange). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, as I did 2 weeks ago and will continue to  do until he is confirmed, I rise to support the nomination of Neil  Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch is an  accomplished, mainstream jurist, and I look forward to helping to make  sure that he receives an up-or-down vote on the Senate floor.   Next week, my colleagues and I on the Judiciary Committee will hold  confirmation hearings on Judge Gorsuch. I look forward to hearing his  testimony. I am confident that he will impress the country with his  knowledge of and respect for the law, just as he has impressed me and  my colleagues.   But before the hearings get under way, I thought I would use this  opportunity today to highlight an additional aspect of his life and his  jurisprudence that make him an ideal nominee to serve on the High  Court. So far I have spoken on the floor about his fitness to fill  Justice Scalia's seat, as well as his defense of the separation of  powers and his support for religious liberty. Today I would like to  discuss a more personal aspect of Judge Gorsuch's background--the fact  that he is a westerner. As an Arizonan, I cannot overstate how  important it will be to have a fellow westerner serving on the Supreme  Court.   Where you are from influences your understanding of cultural and  regional sensitivities. When you look at the current makeup of the  Supreme Court, there is an unmistakable lack of geographic diversity.  Of the eight current Justices, five of them were born in New York or  New Jersey, and that number was six before Judge Scalia's passing.  Granted, Justice Kennedy is from Northern California, but to be frank,  much of Northern California is about as culturally western as Justice  Breyer's hometown of Boston.   The Supreme Court is in desperate need of a western perspective.  Judge Gorsuch fits that bill. When I had the opportunity to meet Judge  Gorsuch in my office last month, we discussed our respective western  backgrounds. I talked to him about my days growing up on a cattle ranch  in rural Arizona. He told me that his heart has always been in the  American West. You can learn a lot about a person by how they spend  their time with their friends and their family, and there is no  mistaking this aspect with Judge Gorsuch. He is a westerner through and  through.   He told me about his home outside of Boulder, where his daughters  raise and show chickens and goats. I was pleased to learn that each  year he takes his law clerks to the National Western Stock Show in  Denver, one of the Nation's largest rodeos. By now, I think we have all  seen the picture of him fly fishing with Judge Scalia. While all this  demonstrates how much he has embraced the western lifestyle, what makes  Judge Gorsuch a true westerner is more than just where he lives or  where his personal interests are. Judge Gorsuch's western values are  evident in his jurisprudence, which reflects a strong commitment to  public service. Arizona has had its share of distinguished public  servants. In fact, it was from this very desk that the late Barry  Goldwater, one of Arizona's favorite sons, steered the public policy  debate  [[Page S1822]]  for years after he chose to leave a successful career in the private  sector. Judge Gorsuch's career reflects the same ethos.   Early on, a young Neil Gorsuch rocketed to the top of the legal  profession, becoming a partner in one of Washington's most elite law  firms. But instead of enjoying the comforts of a lucrative private  sector career, he left it all behind for a high-responsibility, low- profile job at the Department of Justice.   After his time at DOJ, Neil Gorsuch could have easily retired or  returned to a white-shoe legal practice. Instead, he returned to his  home State of Colorado to serve as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals  for the Tenth Circuit. Throughout his tenure on the Federal bench,  Judge Gorsuch's western disposition has shone through in his  jurisprudence.   I have already spoken of his skepticism toward the administrative  state, with its executive bureaucracies, which, he cautions, ``swallow  huge amounts of core judicial and legislative power and concentrate  Federal power in a way that seems more than a little difficult to  square with the Constitution of the framers' design.''   He shares a healthy skepticism over an overly intrusive and heavy- handed bureaucracy with millions of his Federal westerners. Judge  Gorsuch recognizes how Federal regulations interfere with the ability  of Western States to govern themselves, whether it is a former  administration's Clean Power Plan, its ozone rules, or even management  of the Mexican gray wolf.   In numerous opinions, Judge Gorsuch has given voice to many of the  frustrations experienced by his western neighbors. From his criticism  of an overly assertive DC court that often feels compelled to intervene  from 2,000 miles away to his recognition of excessive litigation that  arises from the complexities of split-estate property rights out West,  he speaks our language.   These are perspectives any westerner is familiar with, but they may  not be obvious to others, including folks from New York and New Jersey.  If confirmed, Judge Gorsuch will already bring generational and  religious diversity to the Court. Perhaps more than anything, it will  be his western perspective that most enriches the debate in the years  to come.   As I have said before, Judge Gorsuch deserves fair consideration by  those who serve in this body, and he deserves an up-or-down vote on the  Senate floor. He should be confirmed overwhelmingly, and I am confident  that he will be.   Joining us on the floor today are several members of the Senate from  Western States. I see that the Senator from Wyoming has joined us. I  think he has some thoughts about Neil Gorsuch and his nomination to the  Court.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    Will the Senator yield?    You point out the sensitivities that you have when you  come from the West. A lot of it has to do with, if you are in a rural  area in particular, you are--as my family grew up--working on the land.  Much of that land is either owned by or controlled by the Federal  Government, the State government, or Tribal governments in Arizona's  case. In fact, 85 percent of the State of Arizona is publicly owned. So  when you live in the West and you work the land on a ranch or farm, you  are dealing specifically with Federal regulators and Federal property  managers. I think those who were raised in the West and have lived here  understand the impact of the Federal Government's decisions. The  administrative state has an outsized impact on those who live in the  West, and I think that is evident in the jurisprudence you see from  Judge Gorsuch.   How much of Wyoming is publicly owned?   