 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman  from Alabama for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, there are fundamental problems with flood insurance. We  all know that. The program, by some estimates, has a debt, recently, of  up to $24 billion, and it is going to be compounded by Hurricanes  Maria, Irma, and Harvey and the other disasters that we have had this  year. We have had extraordinary damages this year.   But what is being missed is that this legislation really doesn't even  fix the problem. You can look back over the last 37 years. Since 1980,  we have had 218 disasters that have exceeded $1 billion. We have spent  $1.3 trillion responding to these disasters.   This bill is projected to, perhaps, save $18 million a year--$18  million, I will say it again. We have spent $1.3 trillion since 1980.  There are fundamental problems that need to be addressed.   Mr. Speaker, 40 percent of this Nation's population lives in just 10  percent of the land area adjacent to the coast--10 percent. Forty  percent of the population lives there, and it is growing. It is going  up. We have got to get good at resiliently living in these coastal  areas.   Now, let me show you something, and this is what is happening in  Louisiana. Louisiana drains, literally, from Montana to New York, and  the Canadian Provinces are all coming down.   Mr. Speaker, as we get additional development in the United States,  what happens with that water? It comes down to us.   So let me give you a scenario.   Somebody builds their dream home or somebody starts a small business,  and they fully comply with the regulations that are in place at the  time for baseline elevation. They build a home or business exactly  where it is supposed to be. They start getting additional water down  from this watershed or maybe from the coast because the Corps of  Engineers has caused 2,000 square miles of the coast of this Nation to  erode.   So, yes, we are more vulnerable. We are getting more water down or we  have the Gulf of Mexico encroaching on our citizens.   Why should our citizens be responsible for that? They have no control  over what is happening. They have complied with the regulations and  complied with the guidelines at the time of construction.   Mr. Speaker, I view this as a tax. If our citizens are being burdened  with additional fees or expense as a result of the government's  inability to do its job to properly manage resources and water, then  that is not a premium increase; that is a tax, Mr. Speaker.   While I commend people for working on this bill and trying to address  this, the fundamental premise of the bill is flawed. It is  fundamentally flawed. You can't charge people for things over which  they have no control. You can't charge people whenever they stepped up  and did exactly what the government told them to do when they built a  home or built a business.   These things aren't portable structures. You can't just pick up a  home and say, ``I am going to move it.'' You can't pick up a business  and say, ``I am going to move it.''   But that is exactly what this bill does. It increases the premiums  and, in some cases, even kicks them out of their homes and businesses,  these dream homes and these lifesaving investments.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to the underlying bill.   