 Mr. Speaker, Yogi Berra once said: ``It is like deja vu  all over again.''   So today we are back on the House floor after this big, dramatic  celebration of this supposedly historic bill, a Republican tax bill  that really is nothing more than a wolf in sheep's clothing.   It is the classic bait and switch. It is a Ponzi scheme. The tax cuts  aren't going to be meaningful for working families and everyday  Americans, and the jobs will never materialize.   It is a Republican tax bill that is simply designed to benefit  millionaires and billionaires, the wealthy and the well-off, special  interests, corporations, and big donors. It is a shameful abdication of  responsibility, a dereliction of duty, and an incredible malicious act  of legislative malpractice. It is all based on this phony, fraudulent,  and fake theory of trickle-down economics.   Where is there any evidence that trickle-down economics has ever  worked for the American people?   Ronald Reagan cut taxes for millionaires in 1981. We didn't get  strong economic growth. We got a deficit that exploded.   George W. Bush cut taxes for millionaires and billionaires in 2001  and 2003. We didn't get strong economic growth. We got the worst  economy since the Great Depression.   And, in Kansas, when you had this great Republican experiment and you  were going to cut taxes for the wealthy and the well-off and for  companies, what happened? Did they get strong economic growth in  Kansas?   No. You got prison riots, overcrowded classrooms, and crumbling  infrastructure.   Trickle-down economics, what does it mean for the middle class?   You may get a trickle, but you are guaranteed to stay down.   This bill is shameful in your attack on middle class Americans.  Millions of homes will get a tax increase. You will undermine Medicare  and explode the deficit.   Don't ask me. Paul Ryan himself made that point.   Our children and grandchildren are forced to shoulder $1.5 trillion  in debt simply to pay for the lifestyles of the rich and shameless.   Shame on you.   Vote ``no'' against this reckless GOP tax scam.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are advised to direct their remarks  to the Chair.   