 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from  Arizona, who I consider a friend and one of the great leaders in the  Congress, for leading this Special Order and for bringing this  important matter before the Chamber.   2017 will go down as the worst wildfire season in history. My home  State of Utah has definitely felt the effects. In June, the Brian Head  fire burned more than 71,000 acres in my State. It burned for nearly a  month, creating more than $36 million in damage. And that doesn't count  the millions--indeed tens of millions of dollars it took to fight the  fire.   While the fire was burning through my district, I was able to meet  with local, State, and Federal leaders to take a tour of the fire and  to survey  [[Page H7737]]  the damage and to try to find a solution. The images I saw as I toured  this fire were truly heartbreaking. Dozens of evacuated homes, burned  homes, ruined forests, firefighters and volunteers who were working day  and night to try to contain the fire, ash-filled lakes.   I took more than an hour in a helicopter to fly around the  circumference of this fire. As I was flying around looking down,  thinking about, among other things, the wildlife that had been  devastated by this fire, I wondered: How long will it take for us to  recover from this, for this beautiful landscape to recover?   And I can promise you this, it will not happen in my lifetime.   My family owns a ranch, and almost 70 years ago, we had a similar  fire. You can still see the scars from that fire, which is several  generations now.   One incident manager told me: ``In 29 years of fighting fires, I have  never seen a fire move so fast, burn so quickly and so hot that it  could not be controlled or fought head-on.''   You have to wonder: Why is that?   The answer is very unfortunate. It is due to mismanagement.   Current mismanagement--and it is mismanagement--has left our forests  vulnerable to insects and disease that make for a ripe forest for  catastrophic fires. These heavy-handed regulations paralyze forest  managers so they can't accomplish the critical tasks that are necessary  for proper forest management.   This failure to treat high-risk areas and to remove hazardous buildup  has left our land susceptible to fires that grow in size, severity, and  cost.   So you have to ask yourself: What is the answer? How do we stop this?  How do we stop it from happening again?   And the answer is really quite simple. Federal policies have  contributed to recent catastrophic fires, and wildlife management  begins with proper land management.   That is why I support Representative Westerman's bipartisan Resilient  Federal Forests Act, which allows agencies to do this work so that we  can prevent these catastrophic wildfires.   I look forward to the House passing this important legislation. Let  us bring back the beauty of our forests. Let us bring back the health  of our forests. Let us prevent these catastrophic fires that rage out  of control.   I thank Mr. Gosar for bringing this again to the floor.   