 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, while the Democratic leader is still on  the floor, I just wanted to mention that I  [[Page S4354]]  understand his concern about the healthcare issue and the amendments  and the process for moving forward and the necessity for doing so. I  made my views very clear; I won't repeat that eloquent speech I made. I  would just like to say to my friend from New York that we do have a  bill that passed through the committee 27 to 0--not a single person  against it--after many days of debate, amendments, discussion,  including a couple hundred amendments that were disposed of in the  tradition of the Armed Services Committee. I believe it is in  everybody's interest to go ahead and take up the Defense bill so that  we can go to conference and resolve other issues, such as  sequestration, et cetera.   I understand the frustration my friend from New York feels, but where  I have a disagreement with my friend from New York is saying that these  two issues are inseparable. I believe that our obligation to the men  and women in the military is transcendent.   I understand the frustration of the Senator from New York. I was here  when, with 60 votes, the bill was rammed through over Republican  objections without a single amendment. I understand his frustration.   What the majority leader and I are asking for is just that tomorrow  we take up the NDAA bill. We can get it done in a few hours. We can  send it to conference, take care of the equipment, training, all of the  things the men and women who are serving in the military need.   By the way, I understand the emotion on the other side. I felt the  same emotion on this side some years ago, and I haven't forgotten it  yet. So I would hope--and I know the Senator from New York has to  discuss with his conference this issue of the Defense authorization  bill. I would remind him and all of my colleagues that for 53 years  now, we have passed and had the President of the United States sign the  Defense authorization bill. That is a precedent that I really hope we  do not break, because of our obligation to the men and women who are  serving in the military. I know the Senator from New York feels exactly  the same way.   I am not impugning the integrity of the Senator from New York. I just  ask that we consider it. I know the Senator from New York has to go  back to his conference. I hope they all will consider it.   Let me just finally say, I note, for example, the Senator from  Virginia here on the floor, who has been a vital part of the--no, not  the other one; not him. Both have been vital members of the Armed  Services Committee. Yes, we have our disputes. Yes, we have our  arguments. Yes, we are spirited. But we come out unanimously in favor  of taking care of the men and women in the military.   I hope the Senator from New York will consider this.    Yes.    Mr. President, reclaiming my time.    Mr. President, I don't want to continue; our leader has  important words to say. All I can say to the Senator from New York is,  this is not the same. Defending the Nation is our first priority. That  is what our Declaration of Independence says. That is the basis for all  of our roles here. There are men and women who are in harm's way today,  whose lives are in danger, who need this legislation in order to be  better equipped and better able to defend themselves and this Nation.   I am asking for a few hours because, as my two colleagues over there  will state, we passed this bill 27 to 0 through the Armed Services  Committee. We fight. We argue. We insult. But the fact is, we come out  with a product that we are proud of, and then all of us have support.   So all I am asking of the Senator from New York is if we could go off  of this for a few hours, because we have basically an agreement on  amendments, and get this thing to the President's desk so that he can  protect and defend this Nation. That is all I am asking.    Mr. President, very quickly, that is equating these two  issues at the same level of concern. I would argue that defending this  Nation and the men and women who are serving it is our first priority.  I don't wish to debate the Senator from New York.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank the Democratic leader for his  courtesy, as always.   In just the last 3 years, under Vladimir Putin, Russia has invaded  Ukraine, annexed Crimea, threatened NATO allies, and intervened  militarily in Syria, leaving a trail of death, destruction, and broken  promises in his wake. Of course, last year Russia attacked the  foundations of American democracy with a cyber and information campaign  to interfere in America's 2016 election.   I am proud--I am proud--of the two individuals who just spoke, the  Senator from Maryland and the Senator from Tennessee. Both of them have  worked in a bipartisan fashion and got legislation to this floor.  Although it is long overdue, it is here. I believe we will see an  overwhelming vote, and I thank them for their bipartisanship.   In the last 8 months, what price has Russia paid for attacking  American democracy? Very little. This legislation would begin to change  that. The legislation would impose mandatory sanctions on transactions  with the Russian defense or intelligence sectors, including the FSB and  the GRU, and the Russian military intelligence agency which was  primarily responsible for Russia's attack on our election.   I believe my colleagues know what is in this. It would codify  existing sanctions on Russia by placing into law six Executive orders  signed by President Obama in response to both Russian interference in  the 2016 election and its illegal actions in Ukraine, and it would take  new steps to tighten those sanctions.   The legislation would target the Russian energy sector, which is  controlled by Vladimir Putin's cronies, with sanctions on investment in  Russian petroleum and natural gas development as well as Russian energy  pipelines.   My friends, the United States of America needs to send a strong  message to Vladimir Putin and any other aggressor that we will not  tolerate attacks on our democracy. That is what this bill is all about.  We must take our own side in this fight, not as Republicans, not as  Democrats but as Americans.   It is time to respond to Russia's attack on American democracy with  strength, with resolve, with common purpose, and with action. I am  proud to have played a small role. What I am most proud of is the  bipartisanship you are seeing manifested today on both sides of the  aisle. We need a little more of it.   I yield the floor.   