 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the support of the gentleman  from Texas and his insight in this amendment. I was a prosecutor in a  former life, and we care a lot about due process, making sure that the  government can't take something from a private individual just because  they want to take it.   As an American, I know that protecting intellectual property is a  cornerstone of our free enterprise system. That is why I am concerned  about the CFTC's rule on automated trading,  [[Page H425]]  which takes the unprecedented step of requiring a wide array of market  participants engaged in algorithmic trading to maintain a source code  repository and make it available for inspection by the CFTC or the  Department of Justice without a subpoena.   Now, this is highly sensitive source code. This is intellectual  property that helps the functionality of our marketplace, and to think  that this kind of sensitive data can be taken by the Federal Government  without a subpoena should shock our conscience. There are times when  the government should get this information; but if they should have it,  they should be able to use a subpoena and lay out the cause and the  case for why they need to have it.   That is not just my only concern. But the CFTC is potentially going  to be taking this source code from all different market players and  holding it in a warehouse or a repository, and so we have a concern for  hacking. It has been a big conversation as of late. But instead of a  foreign entity hacking in to individual companies, they just have to  hack the CFTC and they get all the source code. Just think of the  malicious things that can happen if you have the source code of market  players, how you can disrupt it, how you can take it down. It is  absolutely frightening.   So I think we should have great pause, take a little time to reflect  on our Constitution, and continue to respect and support due process,  which means, if the government wants this information, they should have  a subpoena, lay out their case, and that is the avenue by which they  get it, not just because they want it.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    I appreciate the gentleman for yielding.   Again, as an American, when the government wants to take very secure  intellectual property and data, we do have this belief that they should  be able to get a subpoena to access it. Again, we don't have a  disagreement that the CFTC, in circumstances, we want them to get  access to this information.    But highly sensitive intellectual property, we think,  similar data, should require a subpoena.    If the gentleman would yield, is the gentleman saying that  if the government just wants highly sensitive and intellectual property  they should be able to go in and just ask for it and require it to be  delivered?    But it is the government.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to clarify that in the proposed  rule there is no requirement for a subpoena. That doesn't exist. Now,  they might have told you that they want to reform that rule, but that  is not the way the proposed rule stands today. Again, if our government  wants information from the private sector, we all believe they should  have a subpoena for it, number one.   Again, on the concern of hacking, I wrote the Chair of the CFTC and  asked for additional information about how they can preserve and  protect this very sensitive information, and, in essence, they said: We  can protect it because we say we can protect it. That doesn't give me  great confidence.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   