 I thank Chairman Isakson.   Before I answer the question, I want to echo and say thank you very  much for your leadership on this committee. It has been great to work  with you. You have a reputation of being a man of honesty, integrity,  and fair dealing, and you have once again lived up to that reputation.  I could not ask for a better chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committee than you. I very much appreciate the work you have done on  this bill.   I, too, want to thank Senators Rubio, Moran, Shaheen, Blumenthal,  Angus King, Donnelly, Baldwin, and Duckworth. There are a number of  folks on both sides of the aisle who have stepped up--some on the  committee, some off the committee--who have done such a great job  making sure we ended up here today.   Chairman Isakson knows this. We got a bill over from the House, we  sat down together, and we negotiated. We gave and took and massaged the  bill. We ended up with a bill that probably Johnny would not have  written and probably I wouldn't have written, but it is a bill that is  going to work, and it is going to give the VA what they need to hold  people accountable.   I also echo what Johnny said. Veterans across this country are very  happy with the care they get at the VA, and it is because of the great  people on the ground within the VA, but every once in a while we get a  bad apple, and the VA needs to be able to remove that bad apple because  that bad apple reflects poorly on everybody within the VA. So this bill  is about making sure the VA has the tool it needs to hold itself  accountable and hold itself accountable to the veterans.   What I hear from the folks in Montana is: How come it took so long?   We have been at this for a while, and I hope it is worth the wait. I  think we have a good bill here. I think we have a bill that really  holds folks accountable while protecting workers' rights moving  forward.   The VA is a different kind of animal than any other agency. We owe it  to the people who put it on the line for this country. When things  don't go just right, we have a problem, and we have a problem that  needs to be fixed and not fixed yesterday--fixed today. These folks  have given their all to this country, and they have earned these  healthcare benefits. We need to make sure that when they need them,  they have them and there aren't any mistakes made.   What I also hear from veterans in Montana, other than it took so  long, is: How can we rebuild the VA to make it all it can be? I think  this bill is going to help with that, too, by making sure we have the  best of the best there, by making sure we have training for our  hospital administrators and being able to hire hospital  administrators--that is part of this bill, too--while holding the VA  accountable when folks screw up in areas of misconduct.   So there is a bunch in this bill. I think this bill will fit the  needs, not only of veterans in a rural or frontier State like Montana  but in more populated areas like Atlanta, GA. I think it gives the  Secretary of the VA the tools at his disposal to be able to make the VA  as strong as it can possibly be.   I will say that this bill would not have happened without the good  work of Johnny and his staff and my staff coming together and getting  stuff done. I think this is one of the days in the Senate where we can  look back and  [[Page S3268]]  say that folks came together as Democrats and Republicans and did the  right thing for the veterans of this country.   Johnny, I am curious to know from you what kind of stuff you are  hearing in Georgia about this bill and bringing accountability to the  VA.    I thank Chairman Isakson.   Before I answer the question, I want to echo and say thank you very  much for your leadership on this committee. It has been great to work  with you. You have a reputation of being a man of honesty, integrity,  and fair dealing, and you have once again lived up to that reputation.  I could not ask for a better chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committee than you. I very much appreciate the work you have done on  this bill.   I, too, want to thank Senators Rubio, Moran, Shaheen, Blumenthal,  Angus King, Donnelly, Baldwin, and Duckworth. There are a number of  folks on both sides of the aisle who have stepped up--some on the  committee, some off the committee--who have done such a great job  making sure we ended up here today.   Chairman Isakson knows this. We got a bill over from the House, we  sat down together, and we negotiated. We gave and took and massaged the  bill. We ended up with a bill that probably Johnny would not have  written and probably I wouldn't have written, but it is a bill that is  going to work, and it is going to give the VA what they need to hold  people accountable.   I also echo what Johnny said. Veterans across this country are very  happy with the care they get at the VA, and it is because of the great  people on the ground within the VA, but every once in a while we get a  bad apple, and the VA needs to be able to remove that bad apple because  that bad apple reflects poorly on everybody within the VA. So this bill  is about making sure the VA has the tool it needs to hold itself  accountable and hold itself accountable to the veterans.   What I hear from the folks in Montana is: How come it took so long?   We have been at this for a while, and I hope it is worth the wait. I  think we have a good bill here. I think we have a bill that really  holds folks accountable while protecting workers' rights moving  forward.   The VA is a different kind of animal than any other agency. We owe it  to the people who put it on the line for this country. When things  don't go just right, we have a problem, and we have a problem that  needs to be fixed and not fixed yesterday--fixed today. These folks  have given their all to this country, and they have earned these  healthcare benefits. We need to make sure that when they need them,  they have them and there aren't any mistakes made.   What I also hear from veterans in Montana, other than it took so  long, is: How can we rebuild the VA to make it all it can be? I think  this bill is going to help with that, too, by making sure we have the  best of the best there, by making sure we have training for our  hospital administrators and being able to hire hospital  administrators--that is part of this bill, too--while holding the VA  accountable when folks screw up in areas of misconduct.   So there is a bunch in this bill. I think this bill will fit the  needs, not only of veterans in a rural or frontier State like Montana  but in more populated areas like Atlanta, GA. I think it gives the  Secretary of the VA the tools at his disposal to be able to make the VA  as strong as it can possibly be.   I will say that this bill would not have happened without the good  work of Johnny and his staff and my staff coming together and getting  stuff done. I think this is one of the days in the Senate where we can  look back and  [[Page S3268]]  say that folks came together as Democrats and Republicans and did the  right thing for the veterans of this country.   Johnny, I am curious to know from you what kind of stuff you are  hearing in Georgia about this bill and bringing accountability to the  VA.    There is a lot of misinformation about this bill. I will  tell you what this bill does not do. It does not trample on workers'  rights. This bill maintains bargaining rights of union workers at the  VA. One of the problems we had with the House-passed bill was it did  away with the ability of members to use the bargaining process. This  does not. It maintains it. It does not gut due process protections. It  keeps all the existing due process protections under current law.  Unlike the House bill, it doesn't shorten or eliminate the appeals  process for employees who are fired. Moreover, we provide a judicial  review to employees who are directed to repay a bonus and other  protection. Finally, this bill does not allow VA supervisors to get  away with firing anyone who just challenges them. Evidence is still  required in order to take action, and that evidence must go through  general counsel for review before an action is proposed.   This is all critically important, as we go forth, to give  accountability and yet be able to protect the rights of the workers who  are doing the job. I think we found the sweet spot there.   More important than anything else in this bill--and it does a lot of  things--it is really about a culture of accountability at the VA.   Can the Senator tell us here in the Senate what else this bill does  for veterans?    I sure can. I talked previously about this. It has been a  while. It has been 3 years. We talked about this accountability issue a  lot in the Veterans' Affairs Committee and here on the floor. I think  the context is important for folks who do make the claim that there is  no need for this particular bill, that we are simply playing politics.  That couldn't be further from the truth.   If you remember, back in August of 2014, in response to systemic  failures in the Veterans Health Administration, the Senate  overwhelmingly passed the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability  Act of 2014. We were both members of the committee back then. We both  helped draft that bill. It passed by a vote 91 to 3. As my colleagues  on the Veterans' Affairs Committee are well aware, the bill included a  provision to hold senior executives of the VA more accountable. That  provision was in response to multiple reports from both the Obama  administration and an independent VA inspector general documenting the  need to bring greater accountability to the VA.   While much of the attention has been focused on senior-level  employees, hospital administrators, and the like, there are employees  across the system who need to be effectively held accountable for  misconduct and inappropriate behavior. Last Congress, the  [[Page S3269]]  Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee reported bipartisan legislation that  would give the VA greater authority to improve accountability for all  employees. Unfortunately, we never got floor time for that bill.   This Congress, the House passed a VA accountability bill that, at  least in my view, needed some fixing. I appreciate that my Republican  colleagues worked closely with us--with me--on these changes, and we  got to this point today.   But make no mistake about it--veterans in Montana and all the major  veterans service organizations support giving the VA the authority to  expedite disciplining and firing bad employees. Let me say that one  more time. Every major veteran service organization supports giving the  VA the authority to expedite disciplining or firing bad employees. The  President and the VA Secretaries--both McDonald and Shulkin--have asked  for this authority. Former VA Secretary McDonald repeatedly asked  Congress to give him the tools he needed to hold employees accountable.  Secretary Shulkin has followed and done the same. So we have this bill  up today.   I would like to end where I started, and that is by thanking Chairman  Isakson for his leadership and his willingness to work together in a  bipartisan way to reach a compromise and make ``collaboration'' a good  word again, to get to a point where we can get a bill, as the IAVA  said, that can pass and that can pass the Senate and that hopefully  will pass the Senate within the next few hours.   I thank Chairman Isakson.   