 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank my colleagues across the aisle for working on this issue.   I think it is particularly powerful when what happens in this marble  building isn't some distant theoretical policy conversation. This  actually affects people in each of our districts.   I first learned about this issue about a year and a half ago. I was  at home talking to a group of veterans at the University of Washington  Tacoma. We were discussing their service to our Nation and some of the  challenges that they had experienced in coming home.   Then the conversation took an unexpected turn. One of the veterans  talked about a servicemember, who is a friend, who had gone overseas,  and, in his words: Had seen quite a lot. He said when that veteran came  home, he wasn't quite the same person that he had been. Unfortunately,  those challenges led to some substance issues, and then to an other  than honorable discharge.   As a consequence, as he explained, that veteran was unable to get  mental healthcare treatment through the Veterans Administration. Here  was a veteran, someone who sacrificed for his country, who was unable  to get the services he earned, due to a condition that he most likely  developed through that service.   Coming back to this Washington, I was honored to cosponsor this bill,  and I appreciate the work of Representative Coffman, and other  colleagues, in advancing this important bill.   This bill is simple. It allows veterans discharged in an other than  honorable status to be screened for urgent mental health conditions and  are found to be eligible for treatment.   While I appreciate the fact that the VA has voluntarily adopted this  policy on its own, we need to make sure that this becomes law to ensure  that future administrations help the thousands of veterans who have  served our Nation and might otherwise be denied needed treatment.  [[Page H8553]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   