 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1005, a bill  which would provide no-cost medical model adult day healthcare at State  Veterans Homes to veterans who are 70 percent or more service-connected  disabled.   This bill is an extension to the Veterans Benefits, Healthcare, and  Information Technology Act of 2006, which currently provides no-cost  nursing home care at any State Veterans Home to veterans who are 70  percent or more service-connected disabled.   Medical model adult day healthcare provides comprehensive medical,  nursing, and personal care services combined with engaging social  activities for physically or cognitively impaired adults. Medical model  adult day healthcare offers a complete array of rehabilitative  therapies, including physical, occupational, and speech therapies,  hospice and palliative care, social work, spiritual, nutritional  counseling, and therapeutic recreation.   The program is designed to promote socialization and stimulation and  maximize the participant's independence while enhancing their quality  of life. The program is staffed by a team of multidisciplinary  healthcare professionals who evaluate each participant and customize an  individualized plan of care specific to their health and social needs.   Adult day healthcare is an alternative care setting that can allow  some veterans who require long-term care services to remain in their  homes rather than be institutionalized in a nursing home. Such veterans  typically require support for some, but not all, activities of daily  living--ADLs--such as bathing, dressing, or feeding. In many cases, a  spouse or other family member may provide the veteran with much of  their care, but they require additional support for some of the  veteran's ADLs. By filling these gaps, adult day healthcare can allow  these veterans to remain in their homes and communities for additional  months or even years and thereby lower the financial cost of caring for  these heroes.   Adult day healthcare also provides family caregivers support and  relief. Adult day healthcare programs can help caregivers to meet their  other professional and family obligations or provide a well-deserved  respite while their loved ones are participating in the program.   I would like to thank Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Walz for their  leadership and support on this issue. Also, I would like to thank the  House Veterans' Affairs Committee and the great staff for recognizing  the need for this critical legislation.   Mr. Speaker, this is a piece of legislation I would encourage all of  our colleagues to support.   