 Mr. President, I rise today to once again remind my Senate  colleagues what is at stake with the procedural vote that took place  today.   The Senate voted on the motion to proceed to the House-passed budget  reconciliation bill. The Senate will now start working in earnest to  consider and, hopefully, pass legislation that would repeal and replace  ObamaCare with a 2-year transition period, or other, specific  replacement policies.   That is a complicated undertaking to say the least. However, the  first vote on the motion to proceed was relatively simple. While  pundits and talking heads have already analyzed this particular vote to  death, all of the talk boils down to a single question: Do Republicans  want to repeal and replace ObamaCare?   I don't want to belittle or discredit the concerns some of my  colleagues have raised about the various legislative proposals that are  out there. However, we won't be voting on any particular policy or  proposal.   On the contrary, the vote was simply to determine whether the Senate  is actually going to consider the budget reconciliation bill. Members  were not voting for or against any particular healthcare proposal; they  were simply voting on whether the Senate will actually debate any such  measure.   That being the case, the vote was a simple one. Anyone who supports  the larger effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare should be willing to  at least debate the various proposals that have been put forward.   That is the very definition of a no-brainer.   The final pieces of ObamaCare were signed into law in March 2010,  more than 7 years ago. Since then, the law has been one of the key  focal points of legislative and political debate and discourse  nationwide. Very few topics in our Nation's history have been the  subject of more public debate and fierce disagreement.   After all this time, one thing is very clear: ObamaCare has failed  the American people.   The vast majority of Americans are dissatisfied with the healthcare  status quo. These people want answers from Congress that will bring  down their healthcare costs, reduce their tax burdens, and put them  back in charge of their own healthcare. For more than 7 years now,  virtually every Republican in Congress has been promising to provide  those solutions.   We have never been closer to making good on those promises than we  are right now with a Republican President ready to take action to  support congressional efforts to repeal and replace this unworkable  law.   Make no mistake, none of the major proposals that have been put  forward are perfect. In fact, in my personal view, they are all far  from perfect. But, at the end of the day, any bill--particularly a bill  as wide and sweeping as one that addresses a large portion of our  healthcare system--that is ``perfect'' in the eyes of one Senator is  likely fatally flawed in the eyes of 99 others.   Translation: When it comes to legislating successfully, the word  ``perfect'' shouldn't be in anyone's vocabulary.   Like any aspect of governing, drafting and passing important  legislation is about compromise and prioritization. It is about  recognizing which fights need to be fought now and which ones can wait  for another day.   I have been here a while. In that time, I have noticed a few things.   Some who are elected to this Chamber would rather fight the good  ideological fight for legislative purity than get the majority of what  they want--but not everything--through compromise. These people tend to  claim that even the most embarrassing legislative losses are victories,  so long as they can say that they went down swinging.   Now, don't get me wrong; speaking in terms of advocating good policy  I have never been one to back down from a fight. In fact, I have  battled some of the most revered and admired Senators in our Nation's  history right here on the Senate floor.   One reason I think I have developed a reputation as an effective  legislator is I don't believe that fighting for a cause is an end unto  itself. Fights are only meaningful if there is an objective in mind.  While I am no mathematician, I believe getting 60, 70, or 80 percent of  what you want out of a bill is better than getting nothing, even if, on  the way to getting nothing, you have fought a valiant fight for that  perfect--yet ultimately unattainable--outcome.   The fight to repeal ObamaCare, at least from where I have been  standing, has always had an objective in mind. That objective, of  course, has been to actually repeal ObamaCare.   We have fought for that objective for more than 7 years. Now, we find  ourselves on the cusp of being able to take major steps toward that  larger goal.   No, we don't have a perfect bill to vote on. However, the fact  remains that we are close to being able to pass legislation that would  accomplish the majority of our goals and keep most of the promises we  have all made to repeal and replace ObamaCare.   Before we can do any of that, we need to at least get a chance to  consider and debate the matter on the floor. That is what this  afternoon's vote was to determine: whether we are committed enough to  this effort to at least take that step.   I remind my Republican colleagues that, when the ObamaCare  reconciliation bill was brought up for debate in 2010, all of our  friends on the other side, who were present at the time, except for one  Member, voted in favor of the motion to proceed. They supported their  leader. Leader McConnell is owed the same loyalty.   Any Senator who has fought with us to undo the damage caused by  ObamaCare should be willing, at the very, very least, to take that step  and allow the floor debate to actually happen.   I hope we all will. Toward that end, I urged my colleagues to vote in  favor of the motion to proceed to the House-passed reconciliation bill  to allow the Senate to begin debate on repealing and replacing  ObamaCare.   