 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 931, the  Firefighter Cancer Registry Act.   In 2015, a 5-year study of nearly 30,000 firefighters found that  these individuals had a greater number of cancer diagnoses and cancer- related deaths than matched controls in the general population.    While this built upon prior studies that have examined the link  between firefighting and cancer, our understanding of this connection  is still limited. To improve our ability to alleviate the health risks  that these public servants face, Representatives Collins and Pascrell  introduced H.R. 931. This will authorize funding for the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention to create a national registry for the  collection of data pertaining to cancer incidence among firefighters.   This national registry will fill the void in our understanding of the  health risks that our firefighters face and better prepare us to care  for them.   Yesterday did mark the 16th anniversary of the September 11 attacks.  We are reminded of the firefighters' willingness to run toward danger  to help anyone who is in harm's way. Across our country, firefighters  answer the call whenever our families or our communities are in need.  Supporting these important public health bills is one way we can give  back to these heroes, and I urge all Members to join me in supporting  H.R. 931.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, tonight I am proud to introduce an amendment  that will fully fund the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic  Reporting program, colloquially known as NASPER. NASPER has long  provided us with an opportunity to help prevent the spread of opioids  across the country; however, until now, we have not funded it.   NASPER funding supports the development and maintenance of a State- run prescription drug monitoring program. These prescription drug  monitoring programs allow for doctors and pharmacists to electronically  interconnect with one when prescribing opioids, allowing for the  providers to confer and ensure that the patient is not receiving a  duplicate opioid prescription that the patient may then divert or sell.   Prescription drug monitoring programs work because they engage  providers and they successfully prevent individuals from exploiting  weaknesses in the healthcare system.   During any epidemic, it is important to first help those in need and  provide support to individuals and first responders who were impacted  by the epidemic. Last year, the Energy and Commerce Committee and the  Subcommittee on Health did exactly this.  [[Page H7307]]  We worked to put forth the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act to  provide support for those impacted by the opioid epidemic by increasing  access to those in need.   No epidemic response, however, is complete without preventative  measures, and that is why NASPER is so important to this fight. We must  prioritize programs like NASPER that are preventative and can ensure  that errant prescribers and bad actors do not fall through the cracks.  If we want to end this epidemic, we must commit resources to programs  that will promote prevention and encourage safer prescribing of  prescription drugs.   As the subcommittee chairman for the authorizing committee that has  been tasked with the public health response to a crisis that claimed  more than 60,000 American lives last year, I am committed to further  working to oversee the implementation of our initial response efforts  and to develop any supplemental responses that may be needed to prevent  future unnecessary deaths.   I encourage my colleagues to take this opportunity to support the  work of the Subcommittee on Health on the Energy and Commerce Committee  in authorizing this and allow Congress to approve funding for NASPER.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   