 Mr. President, tonight, the Republican leadership intends  to force a vote on their tax bill. President Trump has called this tax  bill historic. Indeed, it will make history, but not for the right  reasons. It is a historic transfer of wealth from students, seniors,  and working families to the wealthiest corporations and individuals in  America and, indeed, throughout the world. Historians and voters will  look at the way this bill was written, in a rushed and sloppy manner,  without thoughtful debate--indeed, we have to send it back to the House  of Representatives so they can vote again--and with a reckless and  willful disregard for facts and independent analysis.   In forcing this massive restructuring of our economy through  Congress, Republican leaders have permitted no real amendments and  ignored every nonpartisan analysis of their bill that does not fit  their worldview. As a result, this trickle-down tax bill is quite  possibly the most fiscally irresponsible piece of tax legislation to  have ever been railroaded through Congress over the objections of the  American people.   Some will say: Wait, what about the Affordable Care Act? Let me  remind you, the ACA was paid for. It had to get 60 votes. It was on the  Senate floor for 25 consecutive days. There was a full committee  process, and Democrats accepted many Republican amendments in the House  and in the Senate. That is not the case with this historic bill.   The Trump tax will adversely affect my home State, Rhode Islanders,  in so many ways. The temporary benefits will not cover the long-term  damage  [[Page S8103]]  from this bill or offset the increased costs for things like childcare,  education, healthcare, and housing. The reason the American people  oppose this bill is simple--and they do oppose it--it forces the middle  class to accept yet another Republican tax giveaway to corporations and  the richest 1 percent with little or nothing for them.   It also gives trillions of dollars in permanent tax cuts to  corporations while raising taxes on over half of American families over  the next decade. In doing so, it gives $48 billion to the foreign  investors who own roughly 35 percent of American company stock. That is  right. Many of these tax benefits will go through corporations by  either dividends or stock redemptions to foreign owners, amounting to  $48 billion to foreign investors. That is not putting the American  working man and woman first; that is putting them at the end of the  line. It makes the Tax Code more, rather than less, complicated and  very clearly incentivizes and rewards multinational corporations that  send jobs and stash money overseas.   Moreover, special loopholes for passthrough entities will create a  bonanza for tax lawyers and accountants and people figuring out ways to  get out of paying their taxes. It will not help working men and women  who come in and punch in every morning, work hard, and then go back to  their families. It will not help them at all.   And there is not a single respected economist or tax scholar on the  left or right who concludes that this bill simplifies the Tax Code and  pays for itself--not one.   Republicans know all these facts. They have heard the public's  objections, and they still plan to send this bill to President Trump  for his signature. The President will try to tell the American people  that his great political victory is a win for working people, but they  see all the benefits going to his type of businesses--real estate  passthroughs. In fact, at the last moment, the conference committee put  in a special provision to make sure that real estate entities could  benefit from this bill. That means President Trump's organization  benefits from this bill.   It is not fair. It is not wise. It is not good policy. The American  people know this instinctively. They look at what is going on, and they  see this as it is--a giant gift to the wealthiest corporations and  individuals at the people's expense in so many different ways.   The consequences of this legislation are going to be staggering and  generational. We will not quickly overcome this historic mistake. The  total abdication of fiscal responsibility in this bill is stunning.  Adding trillions more to the deficit will put massive budget pressure  on national defense, Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and other  vital programs that keep our commitments at home and abroad. These are  the programs that allow us to keep faith with the American people who  sent us here and also to ensure that we are moving toward a more  peaceful and prosperous world. For future generations facing an  economic crisis, or the challenge of their time, or cyclical economic  downturns that we cannot always foresee, those future generations will  look back on this unnecessary tax giveaway and wonder why today's  Congress was so irresponsible.   In 2001, I was here, and I opposed the Bush tax cuts. At that time,  however, we had an estimated $5 trillion surplus, and we didn't  anticipate the 9/11 attacks. We were at a time where Russia was turning  away from its Communist past to what we thought was a democratic  future. China was just emerging as an economic power in Asia. It is a  totally different situation today. We all know it. My colleagues on the  other side know it. We are challenged by 16 years of war, which we have  made no attempt to pay for, and we are putting our national security  behind benefits for the wealthiest Americans that are enshrined in this  bill, adding $1.5 trillion to pay for tax cuts for the most wealthy in  this Nation and in the world.    Many of the recipients of our largesse--Republican largesse--this  evening will not be Americans. As I noted, a significant portion of  American stock in our companies is held by foreigners. When stock  buybacks take place--and that is what corporations have announced they  will do--a huge amount of these tax cuts will go outside of the United  States, and not help our economy. Maybe it will help some people buy  expensive yachts overseas and expensive French Impressionist paintings,  but it will not help working people in Pawtucket, RI, or Cranston, RI-- not at all. This is a bill that is full of loopholes that will be  exploited for years to come. Indeed, we are already hearing rumors that  we can expect more legislation to ``fix the bill.''   This would be different if we were talking about real tax reform-- real tax reform that benefitted the middle class, real tax reform that  raised the earned-income tax credit, real tax reform that benefited  people who work every day, wage workers particularly--but this bill  doesn't do that. Real tax reform comes as a result of an open and  bipartisan process. It is ideally revenue-neutral, like the 1986 law  under President Reagan, which took a bipartisan consensus, which made  major reform, and which is something that was not only procedurally but  economically sound.   I hope, going forward, that we can work together to prevent and undo  the damage from this bill and enact real, responsible tax reform that  boosts take-home pay, spurs job growth, closes loopholes, expands  opportunity, and strengthens the long-term financial stability and  security of our Nation. But that is not this legislation.   One final point--this Monday, the President announced his national  security strategy, his overarching vision of what will make this  country safe, secure, and strong as we go forward. Part of that  national security strategy is to reduce the debt through fiscal  responsibility. My Republican colleagues are about to increase the debt  through fiscal irresponsibility. This national security strategy isn't  even 24 hours old, and it is being abandoned. It is being abandoned  before literally even the pen is dry on the paper. When it comes to tax  cuts, national security places far to the rear, and we know what is  going to happen. As this deficit grows--and it will grow much larger  than the $1.5 trillion that is projected--it will squeeze out spending.  It will squeeze out defense spending, despite the efforts on both sides  to try to increase support for the military. It is impossible to create  a deficit of this magnitude and not see the consequences both on the  defense side and the nondefense side.   In fact, I am baffled because we have heard so much--particularly  from my Republican colleagues--talk about the need to support our men  and women in the field after 16 years of war. Why aren't we at least  saying: If we are going to borrow $1.5 trillion, let's give it to the  men and women in uniform. No. We are here tonight saying: Let's give it  to the richest people in America and in the world. There is lots of  rejoicing going on throughout the world tonight because when  shareholders' stock is redeemed in the companies they own, they are  going to be wealthier, and they are going to use that wealth not for  America but for whatever reason they want. Again, is it a new yacht or  a new painting?   I just hope that in the waning few hours of this debate, we can move  the consciousness of colleagues and reject this legislation.   I yield the floor.   