 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, first, on a sad note but one always of  hope when it comes to Senator McCain, his cancer diagnosis sent a shock  wave through the Senate last night. He is one of my dear friends, as he  is a dear friend to many in this body, and from the bottom of my heart,  I wish him and his family well. So does every Member of this Chamber.  The respect that this man has is broad and deep, both based on his  service to America and on what he has done here in this Chamber.   I agree with what the majority leader said earlier, in that John  McCain is an American hero. There is no one who has done more to serve  his country and this Chamber than Senator McCain. There is no one who  is more passionate in the defense of our soldiers and in our defense  than Senator McCain.   The same courage that he showed as a soldier he showed here. John  McCain and I led a group to deal with immigration reform. He had to  take so many tough positions to do what was right. He was fearless. His  word was good. He was good at compromising, and he was good at making  his views known.   With that bill, which passed this body with 67 or 68 votes--a large  number of Democrats and Republicans--had it become law, our country's  economy would have been better, and our security would have been better  because it was so tough on the border. We would have been in a better  place for it had that bill passed.   The point I want to make is not with regard to the bill but to  McCain--how we were in rooms for hours and hours, day after day, and we  got to see the mettle of the man. Boy, the more you knew him, the  better he looked, and the better he was.   So we know that, against this new battle, Senator McCain will fight  in the only way he knows how--with every fiber of his being. We wish  him well. Our prayers are for him and his family. We hope that he joins  us very soon because this country needs John McCain now more than ever.   