 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded    Mr. President, I come to the floor today as the pain of  ObamaCare around the country continues to worsen. Healthcare prices  continue to rise. ObamaCare is collapsing, basically, more and more  every day. People in every State of this Union have seen their  healthcare costs skyrocket. It has happened everywhere around the  country.   We must do something to help the American people who are suffering  under the heavy weight that ObamaCare has placed on their lives.   I was at a hospital this past weekend in Casper, WY, my hometown, and  I talked to doctors, nurses, and patients. What I hear at home in  Wyoming is that there is an urgent need to do something about the high  costs and the limited choices under the Obama healthcare law. We are  having discussions right now about the very best way to do that.  Whatever we come up with, it is going to be a fundamental change in a  direction away from ObamaCare. That is what America wants. That is what  America needs. It is what the American people are asking us to do.   One of the biggest steps we need to take is to get rid of the  ObamaCare mandates and penalties. I hear about it day in and day out. I  heard about it in my office yesterday from a woman who was in town  visiting on another matter, but she talked about her experience with  the ObamaCare situation where her premiums have gone way up, and the  deductibles are up so high that even though they are counted under  ObamaCare as having insurance, her husband would tell you that he will  not go to a doctor because, with a $6,500 deductible, he feels he  cannot afford to. But he is counted under ObamaCare. He wants more  choices. He wants more control of his own life. And he wants to  eliminate the taxes and the mandates.   I am sure the Presiding Officer hears this at home: People hate the  fact that there is a mandate that says they have to buy insurance that  Washington says they have to buy--that the Democrats have said they  have to buy--rather than what might work for them and their family and  be cheaper and work better for them and be more tailored to their  family's needs.   There are more than 19 million people across the country who have  decided that they are going to pay a penalty to the IRS or they  received a waiver so they didn't have to get ObamaCare insurance-- either pay the penalty or get a waiver. These are people who made the  fundamental decision that ObamaCare insurance was not a good deal for  them.   The second thing we need to do, I believe, is to repeal the  burdensome and  [[Page S3813]]  expensive ObamaCare taxes. Healthcare costs have been soaring under  ObamaCare. One of the reasons is because the healthcare law added  almost $1 trillion of additional taxes on to the backs of hard-working  Americans. These are the taxes that specifically raised the cost for  people needing health insurance and healthcare. They put taxes on  things needed by people who are in need of medical care. Somebody who  needs a pacemaker, someone who needs a walker, a wheelchair, an  artificial joint--additional taxes on all of these users of medical  devices, medical supplies, of over-the-counter pain medicines, over- the-counter medicine for fever, sore throat, as well as prescription  medications. The taxes are on just about everything, and then, of  course, the tax on health insurance itself. So if you buy health  insurance, you have to pay a tax on that. What is that going to do to  the cost of health insurance? It is going to raise the cost for people  who have health insurance.   When the Democrats were debating and voting in support of the  ObamaCare law on this floor of the Senate, they conveniently failed to  mention all of these new taxes to the American people.   The third important thing that Republicans are committed to doing is  to give much more flexibility to the States when it comes to making and  developing healthcare solutions for the future.   I served 5 years in the Wyoming State Senate. We always felt that we  could do a lot better job if we just had a little more local control, a  little less in terms of government mandates, and make that same amount  of money work that much better and go that much further and take care  of that many more people.   Medicaid is the prime example. I had a State legislator in from  Wyoming today, and in the office we were talking about Medicaid and  what role the States play and what role the Federal Government plays,  how to make dollars go further at home. ObamaCare increased the amount  of money that Washington sends to States that chose to expand their  Medicaid Programs. Of course, that is taxpayer money. Then ObamaCare  paid a bonus--a bonus--to States that decided to not focus on the area  where Medicaid was intended originally to be focused, which was on poor  women, children, and the disabled. They didn't get a bonus--not at all.  No bonus money to help those people. The bonus money went to help able- bodied, working-age adults. That is not whom Medicaid was set up to  help in the first place.   Why should Washington collect money from people at home and then send  it back out to the States with all of these new Washington mandates and  restrictions on how the money is spent? I have much more confidence in  the people of my home State of Wyoming and in the people of the  Presiding Officer's State of Arkansas than I do in any bureaucrat in  Washington, DC. When it comes to developing good ideas about improving  America's healthcare, I always believe in more flexibility and local  control and patient control. The more we are working with doctors and  communities, working with State legislators, the better. We need more  flexibility in every State; we don't need Washington telling all of us  what to do. If we give people and States more options, there will be  more affordable options for insurance as well as for care.   Democrats tried their goal of a one-size-fits-all, Washington- mandated approach. That is what ObamaCare was all about, and it did not  work.   I want to talk about one other thing Republicans are committed to  doing with our healthcare reform plan, and that is stabilizing  insurance markets while other reforms can take effect.   The ObamaCare exchanges are completely falling apart. Week after  week, there is another story, another headline about the disaster that  is ObamaCare. We look at a headline in a Chicago paper: ``Another  Obamacare rate shock.'' ``Another'' and ``shock'' with rates--that is  what people are seeing around the country.   Last week, we learned that another 77,000 people in Indiana will lose  their ObamaCare plans. Two more insurance companies are leaving the  market there. Across the country, there are more than 40 counties where  no one will be selling ObamaCare insurance next year--no one.   Premiums have already doubled because of ObamaCare in the last 4  years. Next year, people's rates may go up another 40 percent, 50  percent--well above that in other places. We cannot allow this to  continue. The American people cannot afford it, it is not good for our  country, and it is not good for the people living in this country.   We need to make sure we help support people who do need help paying  their premiums. We need to give insurance companies more flexibility to  offer the kinds of plans that people actually want to buy. We need to  give States the ability to support their markets in ways that make  sense for people in that State.   The discussion draft of our plan includes ideas to help keep the  individual market going in a much stronger way than it is under  ObamaCare today. It stabilizes the markets.   The insurance company Anthem put out a statement on Monday. The  company said that these kinds of ideas ``will markedly improve the  stability of the individual market and moderate premium increases.''   Anthem has been dropping out of exchanges across the country because  the markets are unsustainable under ObamaCare. That has to be one of  our goals as we continue to discuss legislation--stabilizing the  markets and reducing premiums. There are a lot of good ideas on ways to  do it. We are committed to exploring those ideas and putting together a  plan that will help give people the care they need, from a doctor they  choose, at lower costs. That is what the American people want us to do.  That is what we are working on.   There are limits under the Senate rules that keep us from doing some  things we would all like to do. If Democrats are ready to work with us  and to be part of the conversation, I think we can do some things to  make this bill even better. But the situation we have today in this  country for healthcare is not working. ObamaCare has collapsed.  Healthcare is in a state of crisis. Those who supported ObamaCare and  voted for it have caused it. We are just trying to clean up the mess.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I just  had an opportunity to read the legislation of the Senator from New  Hampshire. It appears that the legislation was just filed today.  Instead of giving the American people time to read the bill, the Senate  is being asked to pass the legislation now. At a minimum, shouldn't the  American people have at least a day to read the proposal?   Putting that aside, this bill seeks to address another major failure  of ObamaCare. That is what they are trying to do here. As a doctor, I  want insurance to be affordable for patients all across the country.  This bill confirms what we all know--that ObamaCare is not affordable.   The Senator is well aware of the large premium increases in her own  State. It is not just the premiums that are skyrocketing. This week, I  spoke to a woman in Wyoming. She told me that the deductible under her  ObamaCare plan is so high that her husband refuses to go visit the  doctor. She said that it is $6,500 for her and $6,500 for him and that  he will not go to a doctor with that kind of a deductible. According to  supporters of ObamaCare, this person is actually covered under  ObamaCare, but as a doctor, I see things differently in that healthcare  must be more affordable for everyone.   The Senator's proposal seeks to throw more money at a systemic  problem with ObamaCare. Instead, we should be passing bills that  actually bring down the cost of care.   When the Senator mentions the CSRs, I will point out that absolutely  every payment has been made--every one--all the way up until today.   People also talk about the sabotaging of the market. To me, the  sabotaging of the insurance companies and the insurance market in this  country has been because of ObamaCare's mandating that people buy  insurance--buy more than they want, more than they need, and more than  they can afford in so many cases, and it is insurance that provides  very hollow opportunities to actually use the insurance.   Again, I appreciate the acknowledgment that ObamaCare is clearly not  working; however, our focus should be on policies that make healthcare  more affordable to all Americans.   I object.    Mr. President, reserving my right to object, before  coming to the Senate, I practiced medicine in Wyoming for over 20  years. That is why I am passionate about improving the quality of care  and lowering the cost of healthcare. Unfortunately, we know healthcare  is in a crisis. Premiums and deductibles are skyrocketing, and  insurance is unaffordable.   It is interesting to hear the comments when we are talking about the  sabotaging of the marketplace. It is ObamaCare that has sabotaged the  marketplace. The Presiding Officer knows fully well, as do I, that when  you look at the co-ops that were set up all around the country under  ObamaCare, one after another went bankrupt--belly-up, shut down--and  left people uncovered. That was before we even knew who the Republican  nominee for President was going to be in 2016. That is ObamaCare. That  was at a time when all there was out there was the Obama healthcare  law. One co-op after another failed, and it cost the taxpayers billions  of dollars--guaranteed loans that will never be paid back.   Just like the bill we just discussed, this proposal is an important  acknowledgment by the Senator from Missouri. It is the acknowledgment  that ObamaCare's collapsing insurance markets are affecting people all  around the country. In Missouri, 18,000 people in 25 counties will have  zero options on the ObamaCare exchanges--zero. They have been promised  that their preexisting conditions will be covered, and no one is  selling insurance in those counties in that State. They have basically  been misled by ObamaCare that they will be covered for preexisting  conditions. In the Republican plan, what we are doing is covering  people who have preexisting conditions.   Let me say again that next year thousands of people in Missouri will  have no insurance company that will be willing to sell insurance in the  ObamaCare exchange. It is clear that insurance markets in Missouri are  collapsing, as they are all around the country.   This bill is not the solution. Instead of giving people more choices  in Missouri, what does the bill do? It sends people to Washington, DC,  to buy their health insurance--a typical solution from the other side  of the aisle. Instead of empowering States with more flexibility and  the authority at the State level, they think once again that Washington  knows best. They think that the people they represent would rather call  a bureaucrat who is hundreds of miles away than talk with local people  who live and work in their communities.   The simple fact is that ObamaCare is not providing patients with the  increased choices they were promised. We need to rescue people in  Missouri and across the country from ObamaCare. This bill is the wrong  approach.   I object.   