 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Polis) for proposing this amendment.   The Rebuild America's Schools Act would help ensure that each of our  Nation's 50 million public school students, taught by 3 million  teachers, will have access to safe, healthy, and high-quality learning  facilities and internet access sufficient for digital learning in the  classroom.   This bold proposal would create nearly 2 million jobs, improve  student learning, and revitalize under-resourced communities.   The Rebuild America's Schools Act is a win for students, families,  workers, and the economy; and any responsible infrastructure proposal  put forth by Congress should include a bold investment in our Nation's  public schools.   Mr. Speaker, this bill was introduced on the 63rd anniversary of  Brown v. Board of Education because, despite the promise of Brown, our  public school facilities remain largely separate and woefully unequal.   Last year, on the 62nd anniversary of Brown, Ranking Member Conyers  and I unveiled the findings of a GAO report that found that more  students are attending schools highly segregated by race and class.   Now, that most recent GAO report examining the state of our public  schools' infrastructure saw that low-income and minority students are  served by poor and inadequate school facilities.   If we are to fully achieve the promise of Brown, then no child should  remain in a classroom with a leaking roof or a broken heating system.  All students should have equitable access to science labs or spaces for  high-quality career and technical educational programs.   Mr. Speaker, 12 States do not invest any money in capital  construction projects in public schools, leaving responsibility of  ensuring high-quality classrooms up to localities and local property  taxes, which virtually guarantees inequitable funding between high- and  low-income districts.   This bill targets Federal funding for school infrastructure to  districts and school buildings with the greatest need for improvement  to their physical and digital infrastructure, which would be an  important step in fulfilling the promise of Brown.    All too often, when Congress talks about infrastructure investment,  we speak only about investments in roads, bridges, and other public  buildings. Public schools are often left out of the conversation, but  schools must be part of that conversation on infrastructure.   The Rebuild America's Schools Act will ensure safe drinking water in  schools, prevent instructional materials like textbooks from being  ruined  [[Page H5198]]  as a result of broken heating and air-conditioning systems, and improve  air quality that students breathe in the schools. It will bring access  to digital learning for more than 11 million students in nearly 20,000  schools who do not already have it. Finally, the bill would mean high- quality jobs for nearly 2 million pipefitters, construction workers,  and other hardworking Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to defeat the previous question so we can  debate and pass the Rebuild America's Schools Act. We owe it to  America's students and hardworking families.   