 Mr. Chair, this is an issue that is, I think, one of most  important long-term issues that we deal with not only in California and  Western States but, really, in the world, because the fact is that  water is a crucial element of the sustainability of all of us, and it  always has been.   With the planet clicking 7 billion people a couple of years ago, soon  to be 9 billion people by the middle of this century, with climate  change clearly impacting our ability to manage our water supplies, we  must look at the  [[Page H5086]]  long-term needs of using all the water tools in our water toolbox. And  this is one effort to, in fact, look at how we can provide additional  storage capacity not only in California, but elsewhere, so that when we  have these periodic times--and we measure water on 10-year averages.   We have had near-record rainfall and snow in the snow-packed  mountains of California, which we were blessed with the last 4 months.  And after five of the most extremely dry periods of time, to have this  rain and snow is wonderful.   But we know that you have got to plan for the future. And so in cases  like California where it is either feast or famine, having an  additional water reservoir supply is one of the important water  management tools in our water toolbox, along with conservation, along  with better irrigation technologies which we are implementing, along  with conservation of all sorts of kinds, desalinization. All of these  matter, as does storage.    This year, millions and millions of acre-feet of water have gone  unused because of the lack of storage. This measure will help, but  there are other things that we have to do to fix the broken water  system in California, in the West, and, really, we can be a template if  we better manage our water resources for the entire planet in the light  of climate change.   I ask that we support this legislation. It is helpful, and we must do  much more.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Marin for  yielding me 2 minutes.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support this amendment offered by my  colleague, Congressman LaMalfa. As I said earlier, we need to fix the  broken water system in California because reliability is key.   We have a water system that was designed for 20 million people.  Today, we have 40 million people living in California. By the year  2030, we are going to have 50 million people living in California.   The simple truth is that in the San Joaquin Valley, where I live,  which has been ground zero for the impact of an unreliable water supply  because of this broken system, we have felt the devastation of the  drought. This lack of reliability is due to many factors that have  intensified as a result of climate change, impact on regulations, and  other factors.   Luckily this year, as I noted earlier, it has been a deluge of rain  and snow, and for that we are thankful. But we know in California that  it is either feast or famine, and so, sadly, we must plan for the  future, and that means including surface storage and using subsurface  replenishment of our ground water and all the other water tools that  are part of this water toolbox that is critical for the long term.   We need more storage. We need the underlying legislation that this  provides. While not completely fixing or resolving our challenges, it  is a small step, and, as was noted before, this does not amend NEPA or  CEQA, but it simply provides a timeline, and a timeline is a good  thing.   This collaboration that this legislation envisions is not too  different from the collaboration that the Governor is working with the  Department of the Interior on, the proposal to fix the plumbing system  in the delta. They have a record of decision that has a timeline.   So if surface storage water is going to receive funding and support  under the WIIN Act that we passed in December, matching State funds,  along with this effort to provide the timeline, will be helpful.   Let me finally say that sustainability of our agricultural economy,  sustainability of putting food and fiber on America's dinner table  every night, and helping feed other parts of the world is really what  we are talking about here. Reliability is key to making sure that we  are sustainable under the adverse impacts of a lack of a fixed water  system. We need to address this.   This legislation is a small step in providing timelines for certainty  for this collaboration for this process to work better. I urge support  of this amendment.   