 Mr. President, there is not a lot of benefit in being  around here for a long period of time, but I remember very well in  January of 2009, when the new President of the United States and, in a  spirit of enthusiasm and bipartisanship, the Senate, on the first day  of the inauguration, approved of seven Cabinet members, seven--not two,  as we are presently contemplating, but seven. All of those individuals,  as I recall, had some degree of concern about them, had some degree of  controversy--some more, some less. But the fact is, we moved forward  and almost unanimously voted in favor of these Cabinet members for the  simple reason that the American people had spoken, and we had a new  President of a different party, and we ought to give that President the  team that he needed in order to get his job done.   Now, the one difference between what I have seen here in 2017, since  2009, is that the world is on fire. Look at the world today, and look  at a map of it in 2009. There weren't 6 million refugees out of Syria.  There weren't 400,000 people murdered by Bashar al-Assad with the  assistance of Vladimir Putin and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard. We  didn't have Russians using precision-guided weapons, striking hospitals  in Aleppo, slaughtering innocent men, women, and children. We didn't  have the Chinese acting in the most belligerent fashion in the South  China Sea, asserting their sovereignty over an  [[Page S350]]  international waterway through which about 60 percent of the world's  economy moves, as they are now.   We didn't have Vladimir Putin invading Crimea in a violation of the  Budapest agreement, in which Ukraine gave up their nuclear weapons  arsenal in exchange for a guarantee of the territorial integrity of  Ukraine that included Crimea. We didn't have Vladimir Putin invading  the land of Ukraine and partitioning it and slaughtering some 10,000  brave Ukrainians who stood up against that invasion while, by the way,  we wouldn't even give them lethal weapons to defend themselves.   We have a world on fire. And we have a nominee to be the Director of  the CIA. I happen to know Congressman Pompeo very well. I happen to  admire his work. I happened to notice in the hearing that there was  really relatively no controversy associated with his candidacy, with  his nomination to be the Director of the CIA.   So my question to my dear friends on the other side of the aisle is:  Why the hell won't we just go ahead and give the President his national  security team when we need it more than at any time in recent history?   The American people have spoken about who they want to be Commander  in Chief. Now let's give the Commander in Chief his Secretary of  Defense, his Secretary of Homeland Security, and let's give him a  leader of our intelligence community, the CIA. And, by God, when you  look at the controversy surrounding our intelligence agencies--which is  gigantic--we need a new Director of the CIA more than ever.   The American people made a decision, but they also voiced--at least  in my campaign, and I can only speak, frankly, for my own--a great  dissatisfaction about the fact that we don't work together, the fact  that we don't sit down and talk about these things and get some kind of  working arrangement. Well, how do you do that when we won't even allow  a noncontroversial nominee for the Director of the CIA to be confirmed?  I don't get it.   What is the point here? Is the point that we are just going to show  the Republicans by slow-walking their nominees? Is that what the point  of this is? If it is, then in my view, you are contradicting the will  of the American people and the verdict of the American people.   I know there is controversy about the fact that Secretary Clinton got  a larger number of the popular vote. I know the controversy that there  were narrow victories in some of the States. But the fact is that no  one in their right mind has challenged the fact that the President of  the United States, whose inauguration took place today, is the  President of the United States.   So why would we want to--right out of the box, right out of the box,  right immediately, at an incredibly controversial time--block a member  of his Cabinet who needs to take charge with the confidence of the U.S.  Senate that he will do a job and, frankly, restore--whether you happen  to like the outgoing team or not. And if you want to praise them, fine;  if you want to support them, fine. But the fact is, there is a huge  controversy about our intelligence community. In fact, some of that, in  my view, has been contributed to by the now-President of the United  States with his comments about the intelligence community.   But on both sides of the aisle, we respect and admire Congressman  Pompeo, who is well qualified. Is there anyone who has said he is not  qualified? Is there anyone on the other side who said that Pompeo is  not qualified; we haven't examined his record enough? I don't think so.  If so, I haven't heard it.   But is the message now: We are just going to slow-walk the  Republicans because we don't like the outcome of the election? I don't  think that is the message that I would like to send from our side.   Have we, on our side, slow-walked from time to time? Have we done  everything right? I am not defending everything that we have done on  this side. But I do argue that, in January of 2009, we confirmed seven  members of the President's team on the first day.    I am glad to yield for a question.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be yielded  an additional 2 minutes.    Mr. President, I would just like to say to my friend from  Texas, our leader, that there is enormous controversy about our  intelligence community overall. Questions have been raised going all  the way back to weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, questions about  what we know or don't know about Russian involvement in the last  election.   It seems to me that all of the things that the Senator from Texas  just said argue for a rapid transition to a person we all trust.   I would ask the Senator from Texas very quickly: Has he heard someone  who objects to Congressman Pompeo assuming the role of Director of the  CIA?    Respectfully and with high regard, I would just ask my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle--let's get this intelligence  team to work. Let's put them together. We will have outstanding  individuals in a time when, in the view of most observers, this Nation  is in greater peril than it has been in 70 years.   This is a very, very serious situation we find ourselves in. The  people have spoken. Let's confirm them today.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, let me just say to my colleagues that I  have had the great honor in my life of knowing some outstanding  military leaders. I consider it one of the highlights of my life being  around one of these great leaders.   I want to share with my colleagues that I haven't seen a finer  leader, a more outstanding and respected leader, and a more beloved  leader than the man we are going to be voting on to be the Secretary of  Defense, James Mattis.   My friends, I am very confident that when we finish this vote, the  morale all over the U.S. military will go up because they will know  they have a leader and a leader they can not only respect but they  admire and in many cases have great affection for. So I urge my  colleagues to vote aye on the Mattis nomination.   Mr. President, today on the steps of this Capitol, our Nation  completed another peaceful transition of power and inaugurated a new  President. This is a sacred rite of our democracy, one that so many  have given their lives to make possible. And as free citizens, we  should count ourselves fortunate to have witnessed it.   As our new Commander In Chief assumes the awesome responsibilities of  his office and with threats to our national security growing in scope  and severity, it is imperative that the Senate act quickly to provide  advice and consent for the new cabinet, especially for the new  Secretary of Defense.   Have no doubt: our adversaries will test us in the coming days and  weeks. And when they do, I want our Commander In Chief to have Gen.  James Mattis at his side.   I have had the privilege of knowing General Mattis for many years. He  is, without a doubt, one of the finest military officers of his  generation and an extraordinary leader who inspires a rare and special  admiration of his troops. In fact, since his selection to be our next  Secretary of Defense, I have received countless messages of support  from those who had the honor of serving with him.   At his confirmation hearing before the Senate Armed Services  Committee, General Mattis demonstrated exceptional command of the  issues confronting the United States, the Department of Defense, and  our military servicemembers. He also showed that his understanding of  civil-military relations is deep and that his commitment to civilian  control of the Armed Forces is ironclad.   Over more than four decades of service, General Mattis's character,  judgment, and commitment to defending our Nation and our Constitution  have earned him the trust of Presidents, Members of Congress on both  sides of the aisle, and so many serving in our Armed Forces.   That is why the Senate Armed Services Committee approved General  Mattis's nomination this Wednesday with an overwhelming bipartisan vote  of 26 to 1. I hope the Senate will follow suit with a strong vote to  put General Mattis to work at the Pentagon. America will be fortunate  to have General Mattis at her service once again.    I object. It is time for the vote.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I ask for 1 minute on the nomination.    Madam President, I know it is unnecessary, but I urge an  ``aye'' vote on General Kelly. He is experienced. He is talented. He  understands borders. He understands the challenges we face for our  national security throughout the world. I strongly urge an ``aye'' vote  for General Kelly.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   