 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Engel for  yielding me this time and also thank Chairman Royce for all of his work  in this region of the world.   Representative Wagner and I cofounded the Congressional Caucus on  ASEAN, the Association of South East Asian Nations, earlier this year  to deepen the United States' and Congress' engagement with Southeast  Asia.   H. Res. 311, the resolution we are considering here today,  commemorates the 50th anniversary of the founding of ASEAN. It also  marks 40 years of relations between the United States and ASEAN.    This measure highlights the work ASEAN has done towards improving  stability, prosperity, and peace in Southeast Asia. It also speaks to  the importance of continued security cooperation, economic partnership,  and cultural engagement between the United States and ASEAN.   ASEAN serves as an example of successful regional cooperation. The  nations of Southeast Asia, despite distinct histories, cultures, and  religions, have placed their faith in cooperation rather than conflict.   U.S. security interests in Southeast Asia are wide-ranging and  supported by many regional partners. Members of ASEAN have worked  closely with the United States to address our mutual concerns.   The member states of ASEAN also hold significant economic promise,  and our economic relationship underpins much of U.S. engagement in the  region.   My home State of Texas, for example, exports over $13 billion worth  of goods to ASEAN countries every year. These exports support over  70,000 Texas jobs and over 500,000 jobs across the United States.   The U.S.-ASEAN relationship is also built on history and cultural  exchange. Millions of Americans can trace their family roots to  countries of ASEAN, including 400,000 Texans. Language, literature,  food, and music link our cultures across the ocean, set roots, and  enrich both our societies.   Mr. Speaker, for these reasons and many more, it is important that we  recognize and commemorate the impact of ASEAN across the years.   