 Mr. President, we are here to stand this afternoon  for close to 800,000 young men and women--10,000 of them are living in  Connecticut--who have relied on a promise, not just any old promise but  a promise from the United States of America.   The promise to them was that they could come forward, share  information about their cell phones, their addresses, their relatives,  their workplaces, their tax information, and they would be permitted to  live here, study here, work here, and give back to their communities.   Now America is breaking that promise and betraying its values in the  decision by the President of the United States to end the DACA Program.  This decision is repugnant to the basic ideals of America. It is  repulsive to the values that underlie the rule of law.   I heard a commentator last night saying: You know, these DACA people,  when they came here, they broke the law. Think of it for a moment. A 2- year old, a 3-year old brought by their parents, maybe by a stranger,  maybe by other relatives, is breaking the law because that relative  then failed to go through the steps necessary for documentation. Or  there may have been a variety of other circumstances, such as  persecution, threatened death and injury in the country where that  young man or woman was born.   But we know--because it is part of the DACA Program--that they were  minors when they came here. They made no decision to break the law.  They have been here for their entire lives, except for a few months or  years.   We know also that, for almost all of them, this country is the only  one they know, and English is usually the only language they speak.  Their lives are here. Their friends are here and families as well. But  most important for the United States of America that made that promise,  their futures are here. They are, as the President of the United States  said, terrific people. We love them, as he also said.  [[Page S4992]]    The announcement that he would end their legal status here, that they  would be deported, that they would be ejected from this country is the  height of hypocrisy and inhumanity. It is cruel and irrational, it will  deprive our economy of hundreds of billions of dollars over the next 10  years, it will mean disruption in workplaces, and that is why employers  are protesting the decision. It will mean schools will be uncertain  about how many students there will be, and that is why university  presidents and administrators are condemning it, but, most importantly,  it will betray who we are as Americans--a nation of immigrants, a  nation that keeps its promise.   Now, let's be very clear. When the Attorney General of the United  States says there will be an orderly wind down--I think those are the  terms he used. There is no such thing as an orderly wind down of DACA.  There is disruption and destruction, already chaos and confusion,  terror among the young people who are living their lives now seemingly  on borrowed time. It is borrowed time because the President of the  United States has thrown a ticking timebomb into this body, in effect  playing chicken with their lives. They are the ones whose lives will be  blown up if that timebomb explodes. They are, indeed, voices and faces  who have come to us in the last day or so, two of them from Connecticut  I met with or saw.   The first is Mirka Dominguez-Salinas. She has been in the United  States for 16 years. She is pursuing her dream at Southern Connecticut  State University of becoming a teacher. She was student teaching last  week, but her future career in education has suddenly been jeopardized.   Jonathan Gonzales, too, is a student at Southern. He has a double  major in economics and applied mathematics. He also mentors other  students at public schools in New Haven. He has the freedom basically  to live as anyone else in this country, to drive to work, and his  freedom, too, is in jeopardy.   They have come to Washington, DC, today not only to share their  stories but to raise their voices and represent those 10,000 others in  Connecticut, like Vania, who was born in Mexico and brought to  Willimantic at age 3. She thinks of Connecticut as her home. It is the  only home she knows, where she went to school and made her friends.  Would she be sent back to Mexico, where she knows no one, has no job or  connection? Will she go by plane or will she be forced to walk to the  border or maybe by car? We are talking about deportation--physical  ejection from the country--not a vague concept of maybe in a few years.  We are talking about deportation of 800,000 people, beginning in 6  months, on a scale, a magnitude, and scope that is unprecedented in the  history of the United States of America--the same country that welcomed  my father at the age of 17, when he fled Germany to escape persecution  and knew virtually no one, had not much more than the shirt on his back  and spoke almost no English. Just as many of them came to this country  at a much younger age, and this country gave them, as it did my father,  a chance to succeed.   There is no orderly way to wind down this program. There is only  grief, pain and suffering for those 800,000 Dreamers but also for the  rest of us, for our economy, for our sense of self and morality.   As far as the rule of law is concerned, these young people are not  the lawbreakers. It is the Attorney General of the United States who is  wrong about the law but, more importantly, wrong to decline to defend  the law and prejudging, instead, what the result would be if this case  went to court, if those 10 attorneys general went to court on DACA to  prove their case, including the U.S. Supreme Court.   Where does Attorney General Jeff Sessions have the power to prejudge  what the Supreme Court of the United States would do?   So we have a decision ahead of us, which is to rise to the challenge,  to diffuse that timebomb, to pass the Dream Act, to enable these young  people who are faced with terror and anxiety to have a chance to  continue productive and important lives and to avoid the economic  nightmare for employers and job creators who depend on them.   We have the opportunity and obligation now to make sure these young  people are protected, not punished, because their futures are at stake,  our future as a nation is at stake, and I am here to say to Jonathan,  to Vania, to all of the Dreamers that we will fight as long and hard as  possible to make sure the American dream is alive and well for you.  That dream was promised to you by a great country, and great countries  keep their promises.   Thank you. I yield the floor.   