 Mr. President, I was really glad to be on the floor to  hear the remarks of my great friend Senator Kaine.   It is gut-check time in the U.S. Senate. The legislation we are going  to consider tomorrow would hurt a lot of people in ways I think that  are very hard to fathom. One of our colleagues said: I didn't come here  to hurt people.   Everybody came here with designs on how to make their community,  their State, their Nation a better place, and we are on the verge of  taking a vote on a bill that objectively will rain a level of  devastation down on this country that is really hard to fathom.   I can't match Senator Kaine's eloquence talking about the personal  stakes here. We take for granted the fact that as employees of the U.S.  Senate, we get a health benefit that makes sure that if we do fall ill  or if our children fall ill, we will not have to think about whether we  have the money to be able to afford treatment, but that is not how it  is for all of those families who lined up in Virginia to receive care.  That is not how it is for those who come to a similar event in  Connecticut that is targeted just for dental services but has a line  that begins the night before and is oversubscribed before the event  begins the next morning.   That is not how it was for the millions of American families who used  to go bankrupt because, when faced between a choice of personal  financial ruin and the death of a child or a loved one, they chose  financial ruin. Until you have been faced with that choice, I don't  think there is any way to understand it. It certainly is a choice no  one in this Chamber will ever have to make.   In Connecticut, the Burger family made that choice. Before the  Affordable Care Act was passed, in the 2-week period of time where Mr.  Burger didn't have healthcare insurance, their son was diagnosed with  cancer, and when he got on his new plan, it was a preexisting condition  so it wasn't covered, and the Burger family lost everything. They went  through their savings account. They lost their house. They went  bankrupt. They were one of thousands and thousands of families who made  that choice. That rarely happens any longer. The number of personal  bankruptcies in this country has been cut in half because of the  Affordable Care Act.   The Affordable Care Act hasn't made healthcare magically affordable  for everyone, but it has meant that people don't have to make that  choice any longer. The scope of the pain we are talking about, if any  of the three versions of this bill get the vote, is really hard to  fathom. Under the original version of the bill, 23 million people would  lose insurance.   I amended this chart when a series of changes were made at the last  minute that CBO scored to reduce that number to 22 million, but this is  the entire population of Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Kansas,  Maine, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North  Dakota, South Dakota and West Virginia, all losing healthcare at the  same time, and the majority of that happens in the first year. So of  the 22 million, 14 or 15 million of those people lose insurance next  year. The scope of that devastation--12 months from now, 15 million  less people having insurance, 15 million more people showing up in  emergency rooms to get care--is something I don't think any of my  colleagues really can get their head wrapped around.   For all the times President Trump said the Affordable Care Act is  dead, that ObamaCare is in a death spiral, that is not true. It is a  lie. It is a lie because the Congressional Budget Office says the death  spiral only occurs if you pass any of the versions of the legislation  we are considering; that if the Affordable Care Act stays in place, 28  million people will not have insurance--which is far too many--but if  one of these bills go into effect, at the end of 10 years, we will have  50 million people without insurance.   A new report from the Kaiser Family Foundation found that the ACA  markets are not collapsing despite what the White House says--despite  the lies they perpetuate. Early results from 2017 suggest the  individual market is stabilizing and insurers in this market are  regaining profitability. ``Insurer financial results show no sign of a  market collapse.'' That is the Kaiser Family Foundation's finding which  mirrors the finding of CBO.   The collapse in our insurance market only happens if one of these  bills pass, and it is not just the number of people who lose  healthcare. The folks we should care most about--the people who are  making just enough money so they don't qualify for Federal programs but  not enough money that they can save for retirement and pay for their  kids' college bills and do all the things you need to do in order to  lead a respectable life--those people are going to be hurt worst by  this bill.   If you are a 64-year-old getting ready for Medicare coverage, you are  making $56,000 a year, you are going to pay 170 percent more under this  bill just in your premiums, never mind the extra money you are going to  pay in copays and deductibles.   The CBO says that if these bills are passed, a single policyholder  who purchases a plan at a 58-percent actuarial value in 2026 would have  a deductible of roughly $13,000 for medical and drug expenses combined,  which is absolutely unaffordable.   By every metric, whether it be the amount of money that you pay or  the number of people who do not have healthcare coverage, the CBO  answers this question: Who gets hurt under the GOP healthcare plan?  Pretty clearly, everybody, unless you are an insurance company, a drug  company, or rich. If you are affluent and you can afford your own  healthcare, you will be fine. If you are an insurance company or a drug  company, you are going to get a big tax cut out of this. But everyone  else will get hurt and get hurt really badly.   I have watched my Republican friends process this information. I have  watched them, largely, stay silent. The Democrats are the only people  on the floor of the Senate these days who are talking about healthcare.  Most of my Republican friends are not willing to come down and defend  any of these products, but those who have been have shifted their  rationale.   Republicans who have been willing to come down and defend their plan  concede that millions and millions of people will lose insurance, and  they concede that rates will go up for most Americans. So they cling to  one last value that underpins the Republicans' healthcare plan. In  their words, that value is freedom--the freedom not to be insured. The  Republicans suggest that you should not really worry about 32 million  people losing insurance because those people really did not want  insurance and now they will be free not to have it. That is just not  what the CBO says. The CBO says that millions and millions of these  people who will lose insurance desperately want it; they are just not  going to be able to afford it.   It is also not true that the bill grants that kind of freedom.  Insurance is compulsory under the Republican healthcare plan just like  it is under the Democratic plan. It is just compulsory in a different  way. The Republican plan says that as a penalty for not having  insurance, you will be banned from purchasing insurance for 6 months.  The Affordable Care Act says that if you do not purchase insurance, you  will get a penalty on your tax form. Either way, it is a penalty.   Yet a new wrinkle has been thrown into this debate because last week  it was ruled that, in a reconciliation, the Republicans cannot include  this penalty provision. Without it, the entire  [[Page S4158]]  bill falls apart. Markets would collapse.   For all of the Republicans' talk about the freedom not to purchase  insurance, they included a requirement in their bill that people buy  insurance. They know they had to because they know that without it, the  entire insurance market would collapse. Why is that? If you require  insurance companies to charge the same thing for sick people as for  non-sick people, then you have to encourage people who are not sick to  buy insurance. If you do not, folks will just wait until they are sick  to buy insurance, and the only people who will have insurance will be  the people who have acute conditions. That will make insurance itself  unaffordable, and insurers will stop offering products, or they will  jack up rates to the point that it will be totally unaffordable for  everyone.   In the Affordable Care Act, that is what led to the individual  mandate. In the Republican healthcare bill, that is what led to this  provision that locks you out of insurance for 6 months. But that has  been ruled veritable. That has been ruled essentially out of order  under reconciliation.   The Republicans are going to be faced with a choice if they are able  to get on this bill. They will either remove that provision and  guarantee the collapse of the entire insurance market in this country  or they will have to strengthen that penalty in order for it to be  allowed under reconciliation, but that will essentially rob the last  rhetorical argument that the Republicans had in favor of this bill.  They cannot argue that it provides more people with insurance. They  cannot argue that it helps with cost. They cannot claim that it  increases quality. They know that. The only thing left that they could  argue is that it allows some people to go without insurance if they do  not want it. In truth, their bill does not do that, and the rules of  the Senate are going to require that they increase that penalty even  more if they want any plausible, workable version of this bill to  survive.   It leaves us in a place in which there is no argument to do this. It  does not advance values that Republicans hold dear, like personal  freedom, it does not improve people's healthcare experiences, and it  does not increase the number of people who have healthcare insurance.   It really does beg the question: Why are we doing this? Did anybody  come to the Senate with the desire to hurt this many people?   If I had told my Republican colleagues 4 years ago that their ACA  replacement plan was going to drive up the number of people without  insurance by 32 million and increase rates by 20 percent in year 1,  would you have believed it? No. For 6 years, I took my Republican  colleagues at their word. I did not agree with them that we should  repeal the Affordable Care Act, but at least I thought they had the  same goals in mind as we did--more people having access to the  healthcare system and costs being controlled for as many people as  possible. It is now clear that we do not. The Republicans are about to  vote on a bill that will inflict unthinkable amounts of pain on this  country. Who gets hurt under the GOP health plan? Everybody.   I said this on the floor last week, and I will just say it again to  close--that it does not have to be this way. We have accepted for so  long that healthcare is a political ping-pong ball that gets tossed  from one side to the other every 5 or 10 years.   Why is it so inconceivable that Democrats and Republicans could not  sit down together and try to work out keeping the parts of the  Affordable Care Act that are working and improving the parts that are  not? Why couldn't the Democrats understand that the Republicans want  flexibility of benefit design and give Republicans something on that if  you understood that we want some certainty of these marketplaces? We do  not want President Trump to be able to sabotage and undermine these  markets. Why can't there be a compromise and a deal there?   There is still time. If this vote fails tomorrow, there is still the  ability for us to come together, because in the end, there is the story  Senator Kaine told about rural Virginia. Everybody here knows that  story. Everybody here knows there is enormous work still to be done,  and nobody out there is believing the lies about this bill, this  wonderful healthcare plan President Trump is promising. Everybody in  this country hates this bill. It has a 15-percent approval rate. These  folks know there is virtually no one who is helped by this bill other  than insurance companies, drug companies, and people who are very  affluent and fortunate enough to be healthy.   We do not have a communicable disease on our side of the aisle. We  are not going to physically hurt you if you get in a room with us. We  actually do deeply desire to improve the healthcare system. You have  just got to give us a chance.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   