 Mr. President, every day we continue to set new records  for how long it takes for the new President to get his Cabinet in  power--in office--and the responsibility to carry out the things that  the President said that he wanted to do when he was elected.   In the great history of confirming people, from the Garfield  administration in the 1880s until Franklin Roosevelt in 1932, the  entire Cabinet in that whole period of time was confirmed on the first  day. Now we are in the longest period in the history of the country  since George Washington was President to try to get a Cabinet in place,  not to mention all of the other jobs that go along with confirming the  Cabinet. It is a good thing and no wonder that a few years ago the  Senate looked at the numbers of people we had taken responsibility to  confirm and said: Now, which of those do we really have to confirm and  which of those would we only confirm if someone in the Senate believes  we have to have a hearing on that level of person and that agency at  that time?   We tried to streamline a process that we all know needs to be  streamlined, but with only a couple of exceptions, every nominee so far  has been the most dangerous nominee of all time for whatever job it  is. There must be fill-in-the-blank speeches back there somewhere that  go from one to the next: This would be the worst person who could ever  possibly hold this job.    In the case of Congressman Mulvaney, it appears to be because he  wants to try to do things that allow our entitlement programs to  survive; he wants to do things that allow the deficit at some point to  be eliminated. And no matter what point that is, that point would be  too early for some of our friends on the other side.   Interestingly, as we talk about the Affordable Care Act, which has  turned out to be very unaffordable for almost any family on the  individual market and many families who had insurance that worked for  them before--the Affordable Care Act cut Medicare in the plan by $500  billion over 10 years. We hear speaker after speaker on the other side  say: We would never do anything to cut Medicare. I argued vigorously  against those cuts when they occurred.   As we move forward, I think we ought to be very thoughtful that we  restore the cuts in areas where clearly it is not working the way  people thought the Affordable Care Act would work. The person in charge  of the numbers, the person in charge of the balance sheet, the person  who calculates the costs should be someone with the capacity to do  that. The President has decided, and the Senate, when finally allowed  to vote, will determine that person is Mr. Mulvaney.   