 Mr. President, with the resolution on the floor  today, our Republican colleagues are beginning their effort to roll  back critical  [[Page S626]]  health, safety, and environmental safeguards that the Obama  administration put in place.   The tool that they are using, the Congressional Review Act, is a  particularly blunt instrument. The Congressional Review Act allows the  majority to rush a resolution of disapproval through the Senate with  limited debate and only a limited opportunity for Americans to see what  Congress is doing.   But a resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act  does not just send a rule back to the drawing board. Instead, the  resolution repeals the rule and prohibits the Agency from ever  proposing anything like it again. An analysis in the Washington Law  Review reported that it is ``conceivable that any subsequent attempt to  regulate in any way whatsoever in the same broad topical area would be  barred.''   The rule before us today, the stream protection rule, deals with how  waste from surface mining, also called ``mountaintop mining,'' is  handled. The rule prevents this waste from being dumped near streams.  The waste from these mining operations includes toxic pollutants like  lead and arsenic. And these pollutants can cause serious health  problems in surrounding communities. A 2008 study in the Journal of the  North American Benthological Society found that 98 percent of streams  downstream from mountaintop mining operations were damaged. This rule  limits pollution near streams, requires monitoring of water quality,  and creates standards to restore streams after a mining operation ends.   The Reagan administration first put forward stream protections in  1983, exercising authority under the Surface Mining Control and  Reclamation Act of 1977. Today more than 30 years later, we better  understand the effects of surface mining, and it makes sense to update  our standards to protect public health. The Bush administration  revisited the issue in 2008, but a Federal court vacated the Bush  administration rule because they failed to fully consider effects on  wildlife.   Under the Obama administration, in 2009, the Office of Surface Mining  Reclamation and Enforcement, or OSMRE, began considering options to  bring these stream protections up to date with the current scientific  understanding. In the course of developing the updated rule, OSMRE  shared information and solicited comment from State regulatory  authorities and incorporated their feedback. The Office of Management  and Budget's Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs continued the  stakeholder engagement process. The Obama administration considered the  issue deliberately, for 7 years, before publishing the final rule in  December.   OSMRE acted appropriately with the Stream Protection Rule. But the  question before us today is not whether the rule is perfect. Today we  are considering whether the Agency should be permitted to update the  old 1983 rule at all. I believe that it was right for the government to  update this outdated regulation and use the best available science to  protect drinking water and safeguard public health. Therefore, I urge  my colleagues to join me to vote against this resolution to disapprove  the rule.    Mr. President, with this resolution, the Senate  majority is continuing its rush to overturn Obama administration  consumer and investor protections, this time by targeting a bipartisan  anticorruption measure.   In 2008, under the direction of Senator Richard Lugar, Republican  staff of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee produced a report,  ``The Petroleum and Poverty Paradox: Assessing U.S. and International  Community Efforts to Fight the Resource Curse.'' They traveled to some  of the most resource-rich countries in the world and explored how  government corruption, fraud, and instability prevented those nations'  people from benefitting from their oil, gas, and mineral reserves.  Rather than spurring national economic development, benefits were  concentrated among government and military elites and organized crime.  According to the nonprofit research organization Global Financial  Integrity, in 2012, developing countries ``lose roughly $1 trillion per  year to crime, corruption, and tax evasion.''   The 2008 Foreign Relation Committee report led to the bipartisan  Cardin-Lugar amendment to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission  to require that all oil, gas, and mineral  [[Page S645]]  companies listed on U.S. stock exchanges disclose their payments to  foreign governments, including royalties, fees, taxes, and bonuses.  Congress enacted the Cardin-Lugar amendment as section 1504 of the  Dodd-Frank Act.   These transparency provisions are critical to combatting corruption  in resource-rich nations. And these provisions are critical to  protecting investors by ensuring that they have a clear picture of  companies' interactions with foreign nations.   As the Foreign Relations Committee report noted: ``transparency in  extractive industries abroad is in our interests because mineral wealth  breeds corruption, which dulls the effects of U.S. foreign assistance;  inequitable distribution of mineral revenues creates civil unrest,  threatening political and energy instability and adding a price premium  to commodities such as oil and gas; and energy rich countries can  become emboldened militarily.''   The Cardin-Lugar amendment continued American leadership in  anticorruption efforts, and has established a new global standard.  Similar rules ale now in effect in Europe, Norway, and Canada and apply  to 80 percent of the world's largest publicly listed oil, gas, and  mining companies, including state-owned oil companies in Russia, China,  and Brazil.   While many of the world's largest extractive businesses have  expressed support for transparency, including BP, Shell, and Newmont  Mining, the SEC rule has been strongly opposed by a narrow group,  including ExxonMobil. I am concerned to see the Senate acting to repeal  this rule and prohibit the SEC from ever establishing a similar  anticorruption and investor-protection measure in the same week that it  voted to confirm Rex Tillerson, former CEO of ExxonMobil, to be  Secretary of State.   There is no logical reason to go against international norms and  repeal a rule supported by much of the regulated industry, investors,  and advocates for transparency and government reform in favor of a  narrow opposition led by ExxonMobil. I urge my colleagues to reject  this special-interest favor to ExxonMobil and maintain this important  tool to fight corruption and protect investors.   