 Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in strong support of Mr.  DeSantis' resolution, H. Res. 259, and Mr. Engel's bill, H.R. 2658,  which both speak to the ongoing political economic, social, and  humanitarian crisis in Venezuela under the dictatorship of Nicolas  Maduro.   Once the richest country in South America, Venezuela now has a total  unpaid bond debt of over $1 billion and is in default on multiple  loans.    The Maduro regime is responsible for widespread human rights abuses,  including extrajudicial killings, mass arbitrary detentions, and  torture of the political opposition. They have detained five Citgo  executives who are dual U.S.-Venezuelan citizens, as well as U.S.  citizen and religious missionary Joshua Holt, who remains unjustly  imprisoned.   American adversaries are among the main supporters of Venezuela. More  than a dozen high-ranking Cuban officers as well as thousands of Cuban  intelligence agents are reportedly in Venezuela.   Venezuela continues to receive financial support from Russia and  China. Venezuela also possesses 5,000 Russian-made, man-portable  surface-to-air missiles and is the largest operator of Russian arms and  military hardware in Latin America.   The humanitarian crisis is not limited to Venezuela alone. The crisis  in Venezuela has led to mass immigration. Last year, the U.S. received  18,000 requests from Venezuelans seeking to escape the brutal regime.  Waves of Venezuelan refugees have also fled to Chile, Argentina,  Colombia, and Brazil, threatening to create a regionwide migration  crisis.   The regime refuses to accept humanitarian aid from the international  community, preferring instead to use its citizens as political pawns at  the expense of their health and safety.   I commend the efforts of the Trump administration to take a  principled stand to support the Venezuelan people and sanction the most  dangerous actors in the Venezuelan Government. Just yesterday, the  regime threatened that elections in Venezuela would only take place if  these sanctions were lifted. I wholeheartedly reject this threat and  remain committed to the sanctions and to continuing to put pressure on  the Maduro regime.   I express my strong support for these two bills. The U.S. supports a  free, democratic, and independent Venezuela that is accountable to the  people. We stand ready to assist the Venezuelan people and provide  humanitarian assistance, and we urge more action from our partners in  the region and the international community to resolve the crisis in  Venezuela.   