 Mr. President, I thank my colleagues from Missouri and  Delaware for leading this effort to honor our law enforcement officers  and particularly those who have been killed in the line of duty.   In 1962, Congress passed a joint resolution proclaiming the week of  May 15 as ``National Police Week.''   The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, located here in  Washington, DC, is our country's monument to these fallen officers.  Carved into the marble walls of the memorial are the names of the more  than 20,000 officers killed in the line of duty throughout our Nation's  history. Every year, tens of thousands of fellow officers from around  the world come to Washington, DC, as part of Police Week to pay tribute  to the men and women whose names are inscribed on this wall.   The planned events surrounding Police Week began with the 36th Annual  National Peace Officers' Memorial Service, held on the west front of  the U.S. Capitol. The President of the United States was the keynote  speaker, and his presence was a testament to the fraternity of this  noble profession. Immediately following the service, there was a  wreath-laying at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. The  annual memorial service is an opportunity for all Americans to reflect  on the dedication of these public servants and the ultimate sacrifice  they have paid for this great Nation.   We should also acknowledge the families of the fallen, whose lives  have been forever changed by the loss of their loved ones.   During the memorial service, there was a Roll Call of Heroes for the  143 law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty last year.  Their names will adorn the memorial walls in perpetuity. The list of  the fallen include five of my fellow Iowans: Sergeant Anthony Davis  Beminio of the Des Moines Police Department; Officer Susan Louise  Farrell of the Des Moines Police Department; Patrolman Justin Scott  Martin of the Urbandale Police Department; Sergeant Shawn Glenn Miller  of the West Des Moines Police Department; and Officer Carlos Bernabe  Puente-Morales of the Des Moines Police Department.   We honor these great heroes for laying down their lives to protect  their communities in Iowa. There is no year in recent memory in which  so many Iowans have lost their lives in the line of duty.   I would like to specifically address the ambush-style killing of  Sergeant Beminio and Officer Martin. These officers were heinously  murdered by the same perpetrator on the same night while they sat in  their patrol cars. While the exact motive of the killer is unknown, he  nevertheless sought out these brave men and gunned them down in cold  blood.   These ambush-style attacks have become more prevalent since the  incidents in Dallas, TX, and Baton Rouge, LA, spanning 10 days last  July. According to a report by the National Law Enforcement Officers  Memorial Fund, there were a total of 21 officers killed in ambush-style  attacks just last year--the highest total in two decades.   There has been much vitriol written and directed toward law  enforcement over the last few years. The notion that the actions of a  few bad individuals implicate the entire profession may still,  unfortunately, endanger public servants in the area of law enforcement.   This sort of rush to judgment against all law enforcement officers  ought to end and end right now. The men and women of law enforcement  make great sacrifices every day to protect our families and, of course,  all of our fellow citizens. They do so freely, not out of a sense of  obligation but because they are dedicated to the cause of justice.   Their devotion merits our attention, admiration, and we are deeply  indebted to them. This is why today I am submitting a bipartisan  resolution to commemorate Police Week and honor those who have given  their lives in this pursuit. I thank my colleagues in the Senate who  have cosponsored this resolution with me.   I call on all Americans to remember the fallen and pay tribute to the  sacrifices they have made. To quote the motto of the Fraternal Order of  Police Auxiliary: ``Never Let Them Walk Alone.''  [[Page S2947]]    I hope that during Police Week, the Senate will pass my legislation  to reform the operations of the Public Safety Officers' Benefit  Program. Delays in the award of benefits to the families of fallen  officers have become intolerable, and those families deserve to know  the status of their applications during the process.   In addition, the Judiciary Committee has reported two other bills  that I hope the Senate will take up during Police Week. One bill sets  standards for the use of a new form of DNA evidence. The second makes  an allowable use of COPS grants for recruiting and promoting of  military veterans as police officers.   Finally, during Police Week, my Judiciary Committee will report a  bill that is designed to provide mental health services to police  officers who live through and with enormous stress as they work to  protect us.   I am pleased to join with my colleagues in saluting the service of  our law enforcement officers during Police Week.   I yield the floor.   