 Mr. President, we know last Friday night, into the wee  hours of Saturday morning, this body did something remarkable,  something people said would never happen. We actually got some very  important work done and passed a very important piece of legislation-- the first overhaul of our Nation's Tax Code in over 30 years.   People said it couldn't be done. It is too hard. With Democrats  opposing us at every step on the committee and on the floor, people  said there were just too many obstacles in our way, and it was  impossible to accomplish. People said there were too many special  interests down on K Street that would make it impossible for us to  figure out this Rubik's Cube of a tax code, there were too many moving  pieces in this giant tome of our tax law. People warned us, if we did  this, we would take political flak from all sides.   Well, to the cynics and skeptics and doubters, I will say: You were  wrong. We did get it done. Families and job creators woke up the next  day after the final vote feeling a little bit more confident about our  Nation's fiscal future. Now that the bill has passed the Senate, they  will be less weighed down by the yoke of government. They can breathe a  little sigh of relief knowing we are doing our job. We are doing what  we said we would do when they gave us control of the government.   Of course, it took no time for our major victory to be mocked,  denigrated, or simply misrepresented. Sometimes the false rumor  spreading was done deliberately by our friends on the other side of the  aisle, which is ironic because Democrats used to support many aspects  of this plan, such as lowering taxes for the middle class and  eliminating incentives for corporations to ship jobs overseas. I guess  we must conclude that they were happy with the status quo, a slow- growing economy, stagnant wages, jobs being shipped overseas because of  our self-destructive Tax Code. I guess we would have to conclude they  thought that was a good thing. Well, they know it was not a good thing,  but they just couldn't stand the possibility that we were going to be  able to make this major accomplishment on behalf of the American  people. Because they were so mired down in the politics of the day,  they lost sight of the forest for the trees.   We all know it is easier to criticize than to contribute, such as  when many on the other side feigned outrage about small tweaks that  needed to be made to the bill. It is interesting. Back in 2010, there  was an amendment called the Durbin amendment No. 3989 where, during the  course of the debate, it was necessary to make some changes in the bill  by handwriting those changes in the bill text. No one thought that was  an outrage. Everyone understood this is sometimes what happens when you  are making last-minute changes to legislation. Yet our Democratic  colleagues acted like this was the first time this had ever been done,  and 46 Senate Democrats voted for Senator Durbin's amendment, which  included these handwritten changes in the text.   Don't forget the tax bill was passed last week through regular order.  ``Regular order'' is part of the jargon we use around here, but it  means the normal legislative process. Unlike the Affordable Care Act  that was written in Majority Leader Harry Reid's office and brought to  the Senate floor without going through the Senate Finance Committee.  Unlike that process, this tax bill originated in the Senate Finance  Committee, was the product of multiyear studies, working groups, white  papers, a lot of proposals like the Camp draft, for example, that  helped inform our debate.   From the bill that had been introduced by the ranking member, Senator  Wyden, along with Senator Coats, we were able to glean some of the best  elements of all of those prior efforts. Using regular order, giving  Democrats and Republicans a chance to contribute to the legislation in  the Finance Committee and on the Senate floor, we gave Democrats and  Republicans a chance to offer amendments and to get votes on those  amendments. That is what we mean by regular order, and that is what our  friend from Arizona, the senior Senator from Arizona, Mr. McCain,  rightly called for earlier this fall.   There were hearings after hearings. Democrats went to them. Democrats  had their opportunities to offer amendments during the committee markup  and to offer amendments on the floor. So one simply cannot say,  honestly or truthfully, as many Democrats have, that the bill was  negotiated in darkness, behind their backs, without their  participation. It simply is a false claim, it is not true, and the  facts show that.   It is not just our Democratic colleagues who have fueled  misperceptions about the tax bill we passed late last Friday night,  early Saturday morning. There was a big stir raised with the scoring  done by the Joint Committee on Taxation. Some of the critics of the tax  bill have latched onto the Joint Taxation report, finding that the bill  would increase the economy by 0.8 percent over 10 years, not enough for  the cuts to pay for themselves, thus adding to the national deficit.  That was the claim.   I take concerns about fiscal responsibility very seriously, but we  have to acknowledge that economic modeling is notoriously difficult and  can be done in a number of different ways. Each of these models has its  strengths and weaknesses, each provides a range of estimates, and none  is perfect. We have not yet been given the gift of perfect knowledge of  the future. In the case of the Joint Committee on Taxation, the  estimate was that the tax bill would generate enough growth to offset  its pricetag from $1.4 trillion to about $1 trillion--a net $400  billion feedback effect. This is pretty interesting listening to our  colleagues across the aisle. They make the audacious claim that tax  cuts generate no economic growth--none. So when the original Budget  Committee budget came out, giving the tax writers $1.5 trillion of  deficit spending on a static basis, they claimed that would result in a  $1.5 trillion deficit. Well, the Joint Committee on Taxation concluded  that was not true. In fact, tax cuts can have a stimulative effect on  the economy. Incentives can change human behavior, but it is  notoriously difficult to estimate with any precision.   In any giant complex system like the American economy, the effect of  changes is not easy to predict, but even small changes can produce  large, far-reaching benefits. In our case, that means changes in our  Tax Code can fuel major economic growth, which ought to be our  collective goal.   Why should we have to settle for anemic economic growth? Why should  we have to settle for flat wages? Why should we have to settle for jobs  being created overseas because our Tax Code incentivizes that rather  than incentivizing investment and job creation in the United States?   Well, the fact is, we don't have to settle for that, and we haven't.  This tax bill represents our best effort to try to make sure our  economy does grow, that wages do go up, and that jobs do come home to  the United States because businesses are incentivized to bring that  money back home and invest it in jobs and wages back here.   I am optimistic that with the reforms we have enacted, the economy  could grow by as much as 3 percent, as the Heritage Foundation and the  Tax Foundation have said. The President's Council of Economic Advisers  and influential economists agree. I am aware of the old saying that if  we were to stretch all the economists in the world end to end, we would  never reach a conclusion. They call it the dismal science for a reason.  It is not rocket science; it is modeling that tries to predict the  future, which is notoriously difficult to do. In fact, you can't do it,  but we try to come up with the best guesstimate we can.   I think it is wrong to just look at the Tax Code when you are looking  at our economic future. Coupled with the regulatory relief we have seen  under the new administration, along with the Congressional Review Act  where we repealed back some of the onerous regulations on the economy,  and with consumer confidence at a 16-year high, I think we all have the  sense that America is coming back as a leading economic engine in the  world, and we need to do that because we need to lead the way for the  world economy. We need to make sure that the standard of living  [[Page S7831]]  in America continues to be something that we can achieve--a better  standard of living for our children and grandchildren than the one we  ourselves have enjoyed. That is the legacy we have inherited from our  parents and grandparents.    Yes, we are in a dangerous world. The former Director of National  Intelligence, James Clapper, said that in his 50 years in the  intelligence community, he had never seen a more diverse array of  threats than he did today. We can't ignore that, which means that we  have to use some of that prosperity for our common defense. That is  another important thing we are going to have to do before the end of  this year; that is, to agree on a top-line spending number for national  defense spending, because we have been trying to cash the peace  dividend, again, when there is no peace or at least peace is threatened  in places around the world, whether it is in the South China Sea,  Syria, North Korea, or in Europe, with Russia on the march threatening  NATO and our European allies. We need a strong economy so the standard  of living can go up, wages can increase, and so we can do the things  that we know we need to do as a country.   Now, I realize that these positive analyses by groups like the  Heritage Foundation, the Tax Foundation, and the President's Council of  Economic Advisers don't entirely pacify some of the deficit hawks. I  count myself among them. We worry about whether tax reform will add to  our debt through cuts in decreased revenue. But even based on  conservative estimates, this tax reform could result in $130 billion in  new revenue--revenue we would not otherwise have.   Here is the problem. Here is the elephant in the room that people  simply choose to ignore or have given up on: Revenue isn't our biggest  problem. It is our spending addiction. It is the 70 percent of Federal  spending that is on autopilot, going up on average about 5.5 percent  per year. Now, we have tried to do what we could through the Budget  Control Act in 2011 and put a cap on discretionary spending, including  defense spending. That has been relatively flat since 2011, but all the  while, entitlement spending has gone up because we don't have the  political courage to deal with it. The deficit can't be eliminated with  tax increases. We can't tax America's producers enough to fill the  hole. We have to address mandatory spending, which keeps growing year  after year after year. It nearly doubled during the Obama  administration, during which time our friends across the aisle never  really said much about deficits and debt. But it is real. We ought to  go to the root cause of it and not claim that it is making tax cuts to  help make our economy more vibrant and improve the quality of life for  more Americans.   Putting aside the macroeconomic concerns over the tax bill for a  moment, it is easy to see how, on a more personal level, families and  workers will benefit. Sometimes in accounts about tax reform, this more  human focus is simply left out and that is a mistake.   For example, in our bill, rates are reduced for everybody. Every tax  bracket sees a reduction in their tax rate. The standard deduction for  families is doubled. So if you are a married couple filing a joint  return, for the first $24,000 you earn, there is zero tax--zero. Then  we double the child tax credit. I think that is something we should do  because we need to help those families that have children to make sure  that their families prosper, and the child tax credit is one way we can  do that.   The ObamaCare mandate to buy government-approved insurance, which is  just a tax on low- and middle-income Americans, is repealed, and I  think that is another form of tax relief. There are 6.7 million  Americans who had to pay a penalty to their own government because they  couldn't afford to buy the government-mandated insurance because of the  way that program was structured. Well, we eliminate that entirely. So,  hopefully, those families can then use their own resources to buy  insurance policies that meet their needs rather than what the  government mandates.   We also soften the blow of the death tax, something I will continue  to work to completely eliminate because I think it is simply a moral  issue. Why should we tax income when earned and, then, when families  want to pass it on to their children--whether it is the family farm,  ranch, or a small business--we tax them again and make that sometimes  impossible to do? Usually, if you want to reduce something, you tax it  and that doesn't apply to the death tax because death will come no  matter what. But it is immoral, I believe--double taxation. That is no  reason for Washington to prevent families from passing on the fruit of  their labor to their loved ones.   The likely result of all of these changes will be that wages will  increase by as much as $4,000 for the average family. That is the  estimate of the Council of Economic Advisers. Think about that--if we  can get the economy growing faster than the 1.9 percent anemic growth  of the Obama years. Just think about that. The economy has grown on  average at 3.2 percent since World War II. Yet we are being asked to  settle for the new normal of the Obama years when the economy grew at 2  percent or less. So if we can get the economy growing faster, we will  see wages improve and we will see family income improve. If we can cut  their tax burden and relieve them of onerous things like the poverty  tax, known as the Obama individual mandate tax, families will be better  off.    A median family of four will see their tax burden cut by $2,200. Now,  I know that in Washington, DC, when we talk about millions and billions  and trillions of dollars, $2,200 doesn't seem like a lot of money, but  for many families struggling to meet their obligations paycheck after  paycheck, $2,200 can make a big difference. It can help them pay off  their mortgage or pay college tuition for their children or replace a  water heater or get their car fixed or finally take a long-delayed  family vacation.   Now, the last heedless claim I have heard about our tax bill is that  it mainly benefits corporations at the expense of normal, hard-working  men and women. Once again, this is a false claim. Some portion of our  high corporate tax rates are always borne by labor--by American  workers, in other words. Our friends across the aisle and the critics  sometimes claim that if you do something for a business, whether it is  a passthrough business or a corporation, it has no effect on the people  who work for it. Well, that is just demonstrably wrong, because the  better off those businesses are, the more people they can hire, the  better the wages are that they can pay, and those help hard-working  American families.   So higher business taxes mean fewer jobs and smaller paychecks, and  it means that we are less competitive in a global economy. That is why  businesses are moving their headquarters overseas to low-tax countries  like Ireland or the United Kingdom. This situation will change under  our new bill.   In a recent survey of corporate chief executive officers, 82 percent  said they would increase capital spending if our bill passed and 76  percent said they would increase hiring. So, yes, it is true that  business will benefit, but we want them to because the end result will  be less tax dodging and more jobs coming back home and, as I mentioned  earlier, apart from businesses, families and individuals benefit too.   What is so bizarre about the debate is that this is a concept that  former President Obama championed; that the Democratic leader, Senator  Schumer, has championed; and that the ranking member of the Senate  Finance Committee, Senator Wyden, has championed--lower corporate  taxes--because they realize this is a self-inflicted wound because it  forces businesses overseas and prevents them from bringing their income  back and investing it in the United States in jobs and wages. My  question to them is this: Have you forgotten? Well, I don't think they  have forgotten.   Throughout the tax reform process, Members of this Republican  Conference on this side of the aisle worked together, and I am grateful  for the contribution that each and every one of them made. With the  strong headwinds from our opponents on the other side of the aisle who  wanted failure, presumably because they liked the status quo rather  than success, we knew this was going to be difficult, and it was. We  got it done, but we are not finished yet.   As we head into a conference with the House of Representatives, the  focus has to be on how we can maintain support here in the Senate. I  hope our  [[Page S7832]]  friends across the Capitol understand that the Senate bill was a very  fragile compromise and that one or two--well, two or more--Senators who  would not support that bill could jeopardize the House-Senate  conference. So we have to be very careful. We have to continue to  communicate and work together with each other, and we can't undermine  our own victory. It is not just our victory. It is a victory for  American families and for our country and for our standing in the  world. So when we begin our conversations with the House, let's take  care to work closely together and continue to communicate. Let's prove  that passing tax reform wasn't just a dream or an aberration. It was  real. Now with the ball on the 5-yard line, we just have to punch this  into the end zone.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I know the Senator from Arkansas has some  remarks to make, so I will keep mine brief. I want to speak on the  introduction of the Security, Enforcement, and  [[Page S7838]]  Compassion United in Reform Efforts Act, or the SECURE Act, which we  will, under the provisions of rule XIV, put on the Senate calendar  following the vote on the nomination at 4 o'clock. This bill is a  product of a working group formed by Chairman Grassley of the Senate  Judiciary Committee--the committee with jurisdiction over immigration  matters. I have been a part of that, as have Senators Graham, Tillis,  Lankford, Perdue, and Cotton.   I would say to our friend from Illinois, we are all united in the  desire to actually come up with a solution to this problem.   Our working group had two assignments. The first was to adopt reforms  to secure America's borders and enforce our immigration laws. The  second was to find a compassionate solution for those individuals who  received deferred action under the DACA Program created by President  Obama in 2012.   When I introduced a border security bill--the Building America's  Trust Act--in August, I made clear that the main purpose for that was  to create solutions that we could put in place to deal with our porous  borders and that throwing money at the problem is not the answer, but  it was also contemplating that at some point in the not too distant  future, we would need to combine border security and enforcement  measures with a solution for the recipients of the deferred action  under President Obama, which now President Trump has appropriately sent  back to Congress for us to address.   Coming from the State with the longest border with a foreign  country--the State of Texas--I can tell my colleagues that my  understanding and appreciation for border security are multifaceted. It  requires boots on the ground, it requires technology, and it requires  improvements in aging infrastructure at our ports of entry. But it also  requires new authorities and enhancements to existing immigration laws  to close loopholes that incentivize people who repeatedly violate our  laws.   We can all agree that we need to protect America's international  borders, whether they be to the north or south. Each day that we fail  to put the needed resources and laws in place for border security and  interior enforcement, we strengthen the resolve of drug cartels, gangs,  and transnational criminal organizations to encroach on our sovereignty  with impunity.   If we are going to act to help folks who were brought here by their  parents, for whom we all have compassion--and thanks to President  Obama's insistence on going around Congress in violation of the law,  they now find themselves in limbo--prioritizing the resources needed to  secure the border is the first step. It is not the last step, it is the  first step. If we can demonstrate our ability to deal with a  compassionate solution for the DACA recipients and combine that with  real border security and interior enforcement, I would propose that we  don't need to stop there, but we do need to regain the public's  confidence that we are capable of dealing with these issues in a  responsible way.   The DACA Program was designed to help those who were brought here  illegally, but it was not created lawfully. President Trump, as I said,  did the right thing when he kicked it back to Congress. So we have now  introduced a bill that will address the very issues that our friends  across the aisle say they care about the most: a solution for the DACA  recipients. This bill provides a framework for a legislative proposal  that we can support and that will regain America's trust.   I have told both Senator Schumer, the Democratic leader, and my  friend Senator Durbin from Illinois that I stand ready to work with  them on a proposal that includes the four pillars of the GOP framework:  border security, interior enforcement, improvements to the E-Verify  system, and some limits on chain migration. I hope they will come back  to the table and respond to this proposal. I hope they will also quit  threatening to shut down the government, which won't solve the problem  but, indeed, will make it worse.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''   