 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gardner). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, each Michigander I talk to has their own  unique hopes and dreams, but some aspects of the American dream are  truly universal--financial security, the opportunity for your children  to grow and prosper, and a dignified retirement. We know there are  almost limitless paths to achieve these shared goals. For my parents'  generation, this often meant a fair day's pay for a day of hard work, a  good wage that grew steadily over time, and perhaps a pension that  could support a comfortable retirement, and even the money to help for  college tuition for your children. For small business owners, the path  could mean bootstrapping a business from scratch, scraping by at first,  building a business that made a good product, and doing the right thing  by your employees and growing into a profitable business.   But in today's economy, for so many people, the connection between  today's hard work and tomorrow's economic security isn't always so  clear. New entrants to our workforce are increasingly unlikely to have  a pension they can rely on for retirement. We are also seeing an entire  generation of business owners rapidly approaching retirement after  spending a lifetime building their businesses. We have a younger  generation of employees who are increasingly disconnected from their  employers and an older generation of entrepreneurs who are trying to  figure out how to retire without disrupting their successful  businesses.   Actually, I see this as a unique opportunity to solve two problems at  once. The employee ownership model, including employee stock ownership  plans--better known as ESOPs--allows employees of a company to become  partial owners. ESOP plans, which often are created as heads of family- run small businesses look to retire, create employee-owners who have a  real stake in the company to which they have dedicated their careers.  For both management and employees, ESOPs mean that their goals are  aligned--a growing, sustainable company that gives a shot at prosperity  for everyone, from the highest ranking employee, to midlevel managers,  to the front office staff.   For both business owners and employees, the proven benefits of the  ESOP model are clear: Employee-owners have higher wages, more job  stability, higher net worth, and larger retirement accounts than non- employee owners in similar companies. For entrepreneurs who want to see  the company they built continue to thrive after they are gone, research  has shown that businesses see their sales grow faster in the years  following their conversion to employee ownership.   The data is clear on what employee ownership means for a company's  bottom line and for workers' performance, but when I have the chance to  visit employee-owned businesses, the benefits are as clear as day.   Last summer, on the first day of my motorcycle tour across Michigan,  I visited Sport Truck USA, an aftermarket suspension and offroad  distributor in Coldwater that makes world-class parts. Sport Truck USA  wasn't just proud of their offered products, they were also proud of  their achievement as an employee-owned business. I met a longtime front  office employee who had a retirement account worth upwards of $1  million. I met a warehouse worker who does as well. And they were both  very happy to show up for work every day. When Sport Truck was sold in  2014, the ESOP model ensured that their employee-owners had a say in  whether to approve the sale and fully compensated them when it went  through.   Sport Truck USA is a great success story, but for many businesses,  the idea of an employee-owned transition is simply not on their radar.  Despite having been enshrined in the law by Congress in 1974, for many  business owners and employees, the ESOP model is not well known or  understood. Before an ESOP transition can take place, there can be  months or sometimes even years of preparation and planning that have to  take place. But it is clear--the more people who are aware of their  options for employee ownership, the more businesses that will decide  this is the path they want to take.   There is now bipartisan agreement that Congress can take steps to  help businesses find the awareness and support they need to make this a  reality. That is why I recently introduced bipartisan legislation with  the chairman of the Small Business Committee, Senator Risch. Our Small  Business Employee Ownership Promotion Enhancement Act will increase  awareness and provide technical assistance for the creation of ESOPs  and other employee-ownership models. We do this by empowering the  business experts at SCORE--the nonprofit small business counseling  organization--to provide information about employee ownership. Many of  these counselors themselves participated in ESOPs and can speak to  their benefits and what it takes to transition to this structure.   As a partner of the Small Business Administration, SCORE and their  volunteers are on the ground in communities across the country, and I  believe they will help create the next generation of employee-owners.  Increasing awareness of ESOPs is a vital first step, and I am committed  to finding new ways to provide resources to businesses and employees as  they transition to employee ownership. But, for Michiganders who are  looking to secure their futures, building awareness of the ESOP model  can help make this critical transition.    The Small Business Employee Ownership Promotion Enhancement Act will  help successful small business owners retire with the peace of mind  that their legacies will be carried on by the employees they will have  hired, mentored, and developed over the years. It will help businesses  invest in their employees and employees invest in their businesses.   When too many Americans feel as though they are being left behind,  employee ownership lifts up employees and gives them a real stake in  their companies and the opportunity to prosper and achieve their  versions of the American dream.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.  [[Page S4074]]    The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   