 Mr. President, I rise to discuss a matter of religious  liberty. In particular, I urge this body to respect our constitutional  values and avoid any hint of applying religious tests to those who heed  the call of government service.   Freedom of religion is as foundational a principle as we have in this  country. Yet some in this Chamber want to take a cabined view of it. If  you are a judicial nominee, it is fine to attend the occasional worship  service, but don't let on that you take it too seriously. That seems to  be unacceptable.   From the inception of our Republic, religious believers have chosen  to serve the country in countless ways. Whether through the Armed  Forces, holding elected office, or sitting on the courts, Americans of  faith always answered the call. We should welcome this service, and we  should not sit idly by while others question the propriety of their  service by suggesting a de facto religious test.   The Framers of the Constitution were fearful of this very thinking.  They understood the importance of religious participation and foresaw  the benefits religious believers of all backgrounds would contribute to  the common good. They also knew, from centuries of war and suffering in  Europe, the high cost of religious intolerance.   That is why they made it clear in article VI of the Constitution that  no public officers could be subject to a religious test. This edict was  entirely unambiguous in its language and its intent. This country is to  be served by  [[Page S6905]]  people of all faiths, committed to the Constitution and the common  good. It is up to us to question the qualifications and jurisprudence  of nominees, not their religious views.   Unfortunately, that is not what is happening to Professor Barrett. I  was at the confirmation hearing, where she faced inappropriate  questions and objections based on her religious views. I witnessed a  citizen heeding the call to serve her country, only to face inquiries  into her religious beliefs that bordered on ridicule. My friends on the  other side of the aisle defended their questions and their conduct, and  I don't doubt their sincerity, but there is little comfort in the  defense that it doesn't matter that Professor Barrett is a Catholic,  but somehow it matters what sort of Catholic she is. These are  unconstitutional distinctions without differences.   In addition, otherwise respectable news outlets have provided  sensational reports of Professor Barrett's personal charismatic  religious practices. As a Member of the Senate, I find this troubling,  as a person of faith, I find this objectionable, and above all, as an  American, I find this abhorrent.   It is religious liberty--enshrined in constitutional provisions like  article VI and the First Amendment--that has allowed my faith and so  many others to flourish in the United States. It is also religious  liberty that is threatened when we seek to evaluate the fitness of  nominees for high office based on religious orthodoxy.   I have endeavored to be consistent on this issue during my time in  public service. When the Presidential nominee of my party--the party of  Lincoln--called for a Muslim ban, it was wrong, and I said so. That is  not what we stand for. When a judge expressed his personal belief that  a practicing Muslim shouldn't be a Member of Congress because of his  religious faith, it was wrong; that this same judge is now my party's  nominee for the Senate from Alabama should concern us all. Religious  tests have no place in Congress.   Standing up for people of faith--whether Muslim or Catholic--who are  facing unfair prejudice should be an act of basic conscience. It should  be expected of all of us, regardless of party. It is no better for  Democrats to evaluate the judicial nominee based on how many books are  in the Bible on which she swears her oath, than it is for Republicans  to judge a Congressman who swears his oath on the Koran.   To suggest that somehow a Roman Catholic judge would discard the  Constitution in favor of Church doctrine--which she has emphatically  and repeatedly said she would not--is as wrong as suggesting that a  Muslim judge would be somehow forced to follow sharia law over the  Constitution.   Religious liberty must not depend on the religion in question. So I  ask, in light of these circumstances, who will stand today against all  cases of religious bigotry? Are there true liberals who will stand up  for the liberal values of religious tolerance? Some have, like  Professors Larry Tribe, Noah Feldman, and Chris Eisgruber. They have  said: Enough. Who here will join them?   This very body is made up of individuals from around 15 different  faiths. Each of us has sworn an oath to uphold the Constitution. Each  of us here feels we can competently carry out our duties, as do those  in the judicial branch who swear a similar oath to uphold the  Constitution.   Let us stand together today without equivocation and say no to  religious intolerance in all its forms by examining the jurisprudential  views and professional qualifications of judicial nominees, not their  relationship with the Almighty.   I yield back.   