 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise for the opportunity to speak about my  amendment to the State and Foreign Operations division of H.R. 3354.   Mr. Chairman, we are facing some tough choices. Our Nation is nearly  $20 trillion in debt. We are going to debate lifting the debt ceiling  in the coming days. Simply put, we cannot afford to continue recklessly  spending on duplicative and wasteful programs.   The United States Institute of Peace is a perfect example of a  duplicative program that must be reexamined. The Institute's charter  states that the organization was established to promote international  peace and the resolution of conflict among the nations and peoples of  the world without recourse to violence.   These are laudable and worthy goals, but it sounds a lot like the  mission statement of another taxpayer-backed diplomatic organization,  the United States Department of State.   The State Department's operational mission is to create a more  secure, democratic, and prosperous world for the benefit of the  American people and the international community. Why is Congress  funding an independent think tank that supports the same mission as  another Federal Government agency?   The U.S. Institute of Peace is far from the only organization on the  ground working to foster peace across the globe. Since its inception,  the U.S. Institute of Peace has awarded thousands of grants to other  peace organizations. There are also more than 150 colleges and  universities offering peace studies programs across the United States.   Why are we earmarking an additional $35.3 million in public funds to  support a think tank that duplicates the State Department's mission,  uses its public funds to support other peace-promoting organizations,  and can raise millions of dollars in private funds to promote its own  work?   For this reason, Members on both sides of the aisle have supported  ending this program. In fact, this same amendment was offered by a  Democratic member from New York to an appropriations bill in 2011. The  amendment passed with a strong bipartisan vote.   The White House recently proposed eliminating Federal funding to the  Institute noting that it duplicates not only other Federal programs but  also nonprofit and private sector organizations.   In addition to the duplicative nature of its work, the Institute's  authorization has expired. The underlying funding contained in the bill  is not even allowed under House rules.   The authorization process is vital to ensuring that the American  taxpayer is protected from waste. At the very least, we should withhold  funding until the Institute is reauthorized.   Our kids and grandkids are relying on us to find a solution to this  problem rather than continuing to dig the hole deeper. I urge my  colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to protect  private property rights in Colorado.   This amendment would prevent the creation and expansion of a National  Heritage Area in southeast Colorado. Heritage Areas open the door to  new land use restrictions on privately held land that are strongly  opposed in this part of my district.   I recently held multiple townhalls in southeast Colorado to hear the  unique concerns of these rural communities. At the top of their list  was a need to cut burdensome government red tape that hurts their  businesses and threatens their way of life.   These small family farms and ranches should not be forced to follow  new regulations that give control of their private lands to Washington,  D.C. That is why this amendment is so important. It allows Coloradans  to keep control of their land.   My amendment would only affect nine counties in Colorado and protect  them from new, unwanted land use restrictions. This amendment passed  last year by voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to again support the  private property rights of these farmers and ranchers.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert), the subcommittee chair.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment will protect private property  rights in southeast Colorado. These families have worked for  generations to maintain their land. They should not lose their  livelihoods because of land use restrictions from Washington, D.C.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   