 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, as a nation, we have the moral responsibility for  providing for the men and women who have served our country. One of my  highest priorities in Congress is ensuring that our veterans receive  the care and benefit they have earned.   It has been almost 3 years since a whistleblower shocked the Nation  by disclosing 1,400 veterans languish without care at the Phoenix VA.  Since then, many others have come forward to report excessive wait  times, substandard care, and dirty facilities in VA hospitals all  across the country.  [[Page H2134]]    The issues we have seen at different VA hospitals have been  completely disgraceful. However, what is even more shocking is that  many of these whistleblowers have reported some sort of retaliation  from hospital directors or the VA's Office of Inspector General, even  though Federal law specifically prohibits harassment or retaliation of  Federal employees who bring wrongdoing to light.   The recent reports about VA employees facing retaliation is  disheartening and it is unacceptable. We need to protect these  employees who are trying to ensure that the VA is transparent and  accountable to all of our veterans.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment is very simple and commonsense. It merely  builds upon existing language in the bill seeking to protect  whistleblowers.   Under the bill, a whistleblower can still be fired during the  expedited procedure with limited recourse. This amendment would close  that loophole.   This amendment would also cover those who come forward to a central  whistleblower office instead of just a special counsel.   And, as my colleagues have noted numerous times on the floor today,  one-third of our VA employees are veterans. This amendment also works  to protect them from unjust firings without due process.   We should never tolerate fraud, waste, or abuse on our Federal  agencies. This is especially true when it comes to caring for our  Nation's veterans. The brave men and women who have put their lives on  the line should be provided with the best quality of care, and it is  imperative that the whistleblowers who have stood up to protect our  veterans should be fully protected from retaliation.   We should provide whistleblowers with the confidence to step up and  help make a change. Helping improve our veterans' health care is  dependent in part on the encouragement and protection of whistleblowers  within the VA.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I say this. No one in this body wants to  vote on a bill that may give potential whistleblowers doubt about  coming forward. Let's give them the assurance they deserve by voting  for this motion to recommit, which will strengthen the whistleblower  protection language in the underlying bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   