 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak today on behalf of our  legislation to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel for an  additional 5-year period to protect whistleblowers, Federal employees  who have the courage to come forward to expose waste, fraud, and abuse  in the Federal Government and who are so important to our oversight  responsibilities here in Congress.   The Office of Special Counsel performs a variety of important  responsibilities. Chief amongst them is investigating retaliation  against whistleblowers from the executive branch agencies, as well as  other prohibited personnel practices. Once again, this is vitally  important to the work we perform in the Government Reform and Oversight  Committee and ensures greater accountability from the executive branch  to Congress.   We are proud of the support this bipartisan bill has received from  the whistleblower community and from those who care deeply about our  efforts to perform effective oversight in our Federal Government.   Since the last authorization expired in 2007, there are a number of  necessary reforms for the OSC as the role of the Office continues to  grow and evolve. By enacting this legislation, we can ensure the Office  of Special Counsel will have access to Federal agency records that are  absolutely necessary to perform their duty of protecting Federal  employees who had the courage to speak up about malpractice,  mismanagement, and fraud in the Federal Government.   I think we can all agree how unfortunate it is that some executive  agencies continue to stonewall the Office of Special Counsel in order  to prevent them from investigating retaliatory actions against  whistleblowers, even going so far as to invoke executive privilege when  dealing with the OSC. Common sense tells us that this is unacceptable.  If the Office of Special Counsel isn't granted the access to the  information it needs, there is no way it can properly conduct the  duties authorized by Congress.   This bill also takes important steps to increase the efficiency and  effectiveness of the Office of Special Counsel, such as allowing OSC to  use a simplified process to reduce duplicative complaints to better  focus their limited resources on allegations and investigations, and  instituting a commonsense 3-year statute of limitations after which  document recovery and witness recollections can be difficult to obtain.   Mr. Speaker, before concluding my remarks, I would like to  specifically highlight the important work the Office of Special Counsel  performed recently in their exposure of the mismanagement and abuse of  our veterans at the Department of Veterans Affairs.   Two whistleblowers at the VA hospital in Phoenix, Arizona, recently  came forward with information regarding inadequate mental health  treatment in employee training at their facility. They were later  retaliated against by management. OSC was able to ensure that they  received a new job at a nearby facility under different management.  Just last month, the VA issued a report in response to OSC's  investigation detailing the changes they had made to improve mental  health care at that VA facility.   Incidents like these serve as a great reminder that hardworking  taxpayers are tired of corruption in the Federal Government.   I would also like to note the excellent work of the current special  counsel, Carolyn Lerner, who is a breath of fresh air in this role.   Mr. Speaker, the bottom line is this committee, the Committee on  Oversight and Government Reform, needs more whistleblowers in the  Federal Government, not less; and the best way to ensure government  employees come forward to expose waste, fraud, and abuse is to ensure  that they will be protected. This legislation will enable OSC to do  exactly that on behalf of all hardworking American taxpayers.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  legislation.   