 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 92. I thank my  colleague from Virginia (Mrs. Comstock), the chairman of the committee,  for leading this measure, and I am very happy to lend my support to the  resolution.   This resolution would grant congressional consent to amendments to  the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Regulation Compact Authority  pursuant to legislation already enacted by the District of Columbia,  Maryland, and Virginia, respectively.   Established in 1967, the WMATA is an interstate compact agency  responsible for operating the mass transit system for the Washington  Metropolitan area.   As part of a broader effort to promote safety and efficiency in the  WMATA Metrorail system, Congress transferred appointment authority for  the WMATA board of directors to the Secretary of Transportation through  enactment of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act in 2015,  the so-called FAST Act. Under the FAST Act, Congress also directed the  WMATA jurisdictions to adopt conforming compact amendments.   H.J. Res. 92 is a bipartisan measure that would grant Congress'  consent to these amendments to the WMATA compact.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton)    Mr. Speaker, I simply want to, again, commend Mrs.  Comstock for her leadership on this legislation. I thank all of our  fellow members in the regional delegation in Maryland, Virginia, and  the District of Columbia for their collaborative work on this issue,  and House Judiciary Committee Chairman Goodlatte for facilitating the  resolution's consideration by both the committee and the House.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 76. This very  important legislation grants congressional consent and approval to  Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia to enter into a  compact under Article I, section 10 of the Constitution, establishing  the Metrorail Safety Commission. Importantly, Federal transit funds  have been suspended by the Federal Transit Authority until Congress  grants its assent to these amendments to the WMATA compact, as H.J.  Res. 76 would do.   I want to thank my friend, the distinguished minority whip, Steny  Hoyer, for taking the lead on this measure, and all of our colleagues  in the Virginia and Maryland delegations and District of Columbia  delegation for supporting it in such a strong, bipartisan, and cross- Potomac River fashion. I am proud to join them.   Mr. Speaker, I did want to take a moment to say a word about the  Metro system.   WMATA is not just the Metro that serves the Washington area. It is  truly America's Metro system. It is the second largest system in the  Nation, behind only New York City. It is 117 miles long. It has 91  stations, and it includes more than 12,000 employees.   It is critical to the functioning of the Federal Government because  it moves more than 40 percent of the Federal workforce every day to and  from work and also during the day for various missions that people go  on during the normal workday. It is essential to national security. If  we didn't have the Metro system, what is already one of the most  traffic-plagued and congested regions in the country would be  absolutely paralyzed.   It is also the mechanism that moves millions of Americans who come  from all over the United States, all of our constituents here in  Congress, to visit us. That is how people get to the White House and  the Capitol and go to the Pentagon and go to see NIH and visit the  museums and the battlefields and so on.   So the Metro is critical not just to the people who live and work  here every day and make the Federal Government go, but also to all  American citizens who rely on the efficiency of the Federal Government  and come to Washington to petition for redress of grievances and to  partake in the processes of government.   I am thrilled that this legislation, responding to the safety needs  of the system, is moving forward with speed now. It is essential that  we continue to invest in the Metro, to upgrade its safety, to upgrade  its efficiency and its reliability.   The Federal Government was instrumental in the creation of Metro at  the beginning, along with Virginia, Maryland, and the District of  Columbia. We all send representatives to the board of Metro. The  Federal Government has representatives on the board of Metro. We are  equal partners in it, and I want to make sure that everyone here in  Congress feels deeply invested in the success of Metro, which, after  all, gets a lot of our staffers to work every day.   With passage of H.J. Res. 76, Congress reaffirms its fundamental  commitment to America's Metro system. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues  to support the swift passage of this resolution.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), our distinguished minority whip,  who has been a longtime champion of the Metro system.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), a distinguished  Delegate    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Connolly).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, may I just inquire how much time I have  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, when I was a kid in high school, they built the Metro  system here. It was a great feat of bipartisan leadership when they  built the Metro, and it changed my life. It was the jewel of our  region, and it opened up, to at least one kid, the Capitol, the White  House, the museums, the National Gallery, the Hirshhorn, the Lincoln  Memorial, the Jefferson Memorial, and it was really a spectacular and  resplendent addition and feature to the Virginia, D.C., Maryland  region.   In the intervening years, there has been inadequate investment in  safety, efficiency, and reliability in the Metro system, and we need to  bring the Metro back to its original glory and we must make sure that,  above all, it is safe for the people who ride it. The safety and  security of the passengers is essential.   So passage of this resolution will ensure the establishment of the  safety commission to assume effective oversight of this system and to  allow for the disbursal of Federal transit funds to Maryland, Virginia,  and D.C. for essential transit services.    I urge all of our colleagues to support this bipartisan measure.  Again, I want to salute all of the Members who have been involved in  this legislation, and I thank House Judiciary Chairman Goodlatte for  facilitating consideration of the resolution by both the Judiciary  Committee and by the House.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   