 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to  this so-called security minibus.   The Republican majority has rushed through the fiscal year 2018  appropriations process, passing 12 bills without benefit of a budget  resolution. Now they have failed to secure the votes on the floor for  that Republican-only omnibus package, so they have decided to move  forward with what is before us today--four appropriations bills  stitched together that would bust the Budget Control Act defense cap  and, if enacted, result in a $72 billion sequester against all defense  accounts.   The entire fiscal year '18 appropriations process has been a  Republican exercise in sham accounting and wishful thinking: ignore  current law, jack up defense spending, and impose huge, unnecessary,  and detrimental cuts on domestic appropriations.   When future students learn about congressional appropriations, this  episode should be exhibit A of what not to do.   The four bills before us today are also full of objectionable and  unreasonable policy riders, including the ridiculous inclusion in the  rule of $1.6 billion to be spent on 74 miles of border wall. Nobody  would know it from the President's hysterical rhetoric, but there are  already 700 miles of fence along the border--vehicular fencing and  pedestrian fencing. I know about it because most of that fence was  built when I was chairman of the Homeland Security Appropriations  Subcommittee.   When Congress appropriated funds to build that fence, we required  segment-by-segment analyses and environmental impact studies. This bill  doesn't include that. It doesn't include any language regarding  congressional oversight. There are no requirements for Homeland  Security to submit a cost-benefit analysis or to work with Congress  through any modifications.   Mr. Speaker, funding an unnecessary wall, especially without  congressional oversight, is not a defensible use of taxpayer dollars.  We would simply become complicit in what we all know was campaign  demagoguery.   Speaking of which, wasn't the Mexican Government going to pay for  this wall? Weren't they going to pick up the tab?   This $1.6 billion should be spent on much more important priorities,  within and beyond homeland security, that would actually improve the  lives of our citizens.   It is time for Republicans to stop playing games with taxpayer money  and start negotiating with Democrats. We know this is going to have to  happen eventually. We need a bipartisan budget and appropriations  package that actually has a chance of becoming law and that addresses  the need of a great country for serious investment.   Oppose the border wall. Oppose this sham appropriations minibus.   