 Mr. Chairman, I strongly support H.R. 5 and urge my  colleagues to do so as well. This bill will reform our regulatory  system and reduce burdens on our farmers, ranchers, and businesses.   H.R. 5 will create a more streamlined, transparent, and accountable  regulatory process and give the American people a stronger voice in  agency decisionmaking.   Requiring agencies to choose the lowest cost rulemaking option and  providing additional opportunities for judicial review will ensure that  regulations are narrowly tailored, addressing the issues at hand; and  this will reduce the burden on farmers, ranchers, businesses, and  everyday citizens.   This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. This  amendment will prohibit Federal agencies from using taxpayer dollars to  advocate on behalf of a rule or generate comments to overwhelm the  record with one point of view.   A GAO report documents how the EPA created a campaign to generate  comments in support of the waters of the U.S., or the WOTUS rule. This  is not how government, or the rulemaking process, should work.   The comment period should be a time for agencies to hear from the  public about what is good, what is bad, and what needs to be fixed with  a proposed rule. In my opinion, agencies too often take laws passed by  Congress and then turn them into something that is unrecognizable. That  is why this amendment is needed and has the support of the American  Farm Bureau Federation, the National Association of Wheat Growers, and  the National Association of Home Builders, among others.   This is a commonsense amendment that will improve the bill, and I  urge my colleagues to vote in support.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte) who is the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee.    I have no further speakers, Mr. Chairman. I just want  to say that some of us who have been chairmen of committees and passed  legislation around here, sometimes what comes back you don't even  recognize from what you passed legislatively. This bill and this  amendment will help solve that problem, to some extent. So I encourage  my colleagues to support the amendment and support the bill.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   