 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, it is my honor to come to the Senate  floor today to talk in support of a fellow Coloradan's nomination to be  the Deputy Secretary of the Department of the Interior--David  Bernhardt. I am very excited about his nomination, strongly support his  nomination, and believe that my fellow Coloradan will do an absolutely  incredible job for Colorado and for the rest of this country at the  Department of the Interior.   I had the great honor just a month or more ago of welcoming David to  the committee and welcoming his beautiful family there with him that  day. I reminded his oldest son Will about the connection that my family  and our oldest child will always have with Will, because when my wife  Jaime was working at the Department of the Interior, our oldest  daughter Alyson spent some time at daycare with David Bernhardt's son  Will, as well. It was the same daycare and the same work Jaime and  David did at the Department of the Interior, working together  [[Page S4097]]  all those years. But there is more than that. There are more  connections I will share, between David Bernhardt and me, and one of  the many reasons why I support him.   I have known him personally and professionally for nearly two  decades. We both grew up in rural Colorado. I am from the Eastern  Plains of Colorado, and Mr. Bernhardt is from the Western Slope. I am  from the flatlands, and he is from the mountains. We share a lot of  common interests in rural development and saving small towns.   We both began our public service 1 year apart, interning in the  Colorado State Legislature for a member of the Colorado State  Legislature named Russell George, who would go on, eventually, to  become the Colorado speaker of the house.   I will never forget when I began. It was in the second term of then- State Representative Russell George. I worked for him on Tuesdays and  Thursdays in an internship through Colorado State University. He said:  You should reach out and meet last year's intern because I think he  could help you figure out the ropes around here and what you should  know about the internship. He gave me the phone number for David  Bernhardt. So I followed in the footsteps of David Bernhardt at the  capitol, and I am excited to see the work that he continues to do.   As I mentioned, Mr. Bernhardt worked with my wife Jaime at the  Department of the Interior, and, at one point, their offices were just  around the corner from one another. His personal background and public  and private sector professional experiences prove that he is a strong  voice for the West and extremely well-qualified for the nomination to  be Deputy Secretary. He has extensive insight on western water policy,  natural resource policy, and Indian affairs, just to name a few. Those  who have worked with Mr. Bernhardt commend him for his integrity and  wealth of knowledge on the issues under the jurisdiction of the  Department of the Interior.   In 2008, after the Department reached the largest Indian water rights  settlement in the Nation's history, Secretary Kempthorne personally  acknowledged Mr. Bernhardt's work as then-Solicitor and stated: ``His  effective coordination--both within Interior as well as with the local,  tribal, state and congressional leaders--was essential to the success  we celebrate today.''   The country will indeed benefit from having Mr. Bernhardt serve as  Deputy Secretary, a position that is the second ranking official within  the Department and has statutory responsibilities as the chief  operating officer.   Along with Mr. Bernhardt's professional career, I believe it is  important to fully understand his background and the foundation of his  interest in public lands, which further qualifies him for this very  important role.   Mr. Bernhardt is originally from the outskirts of the small town of  Rifle, CO, located on Colorado's Western Slope. If you have driven  through the Eisenhower Tunnel, the Veterans Memorial Tunnels, or if you  go to Grand Junction, CO, you will have been right by and through  Rifle, CO.   Few places more fully embody the spirit and mission of the agency he  has been nominated to lead as Deputy Secretary. Growing up in rural  Colorado instilled in David strong western values and interests, and,  to this day, Mr. Bernhardt enjoys hunting, recreation, the outdoors,  and fishing.   Rifle is located in Garfield County, an area where about 60 percent  of the lands are Federal public lands. Think about the work he is about  to take on upon confirmation: 60 percent of his home county is public  lands.   Rifle was founded as a ranching community along the Colorado River,  and it retains that heritage today, along with tremendous opportunities  for world-class outdoor recreation, including fishing, hiking, skiing,  rafting, and rock climbing. It also sits at the very edge of the  Piceance Basin, an area in Colorado which has vast amounts of natural  gas.   David grew up in the oil shale boom and bust and has said that the  boom-and-bust cycle in Western Colorado has made him more sensitive to  the potential benefits and the potential impacts--both environmental  and social--of resources development.   In the 1980s, his hometown of Rifle was hit hard by the State's oil  shale crash, and he personally experienced some of the hard times the  Nation's rural communities often face. Much like the Department of the  Interior itself, Rifle is a community that is a product of its public  lands and the western heritage around it. It is centrally located, just  a few miles away from the iconic Grand Mesa, the world's largest flat  top mountain. The flat top's wilderness and the Roan Plateau represent  a home base among these public lands, with virtually unmatched access  to world-class outdoor experiences, which is why Mr. Bernhardt has such  a passion for these issues.   His background and outlook on public lands and water issues assisted  him in his prior service at the Department of the Interior, including  in the Solicitor's role. Mr. Bernhardt's confirmation as Solicitor was  confirmed by voice vote by the U.S. Senate in 2006. By voice vote, he  was approved the last time he served at the Department of the Interior.   There have been other nominees--I think this has been a subject of  debate on his nomination--considered by the Energy Committee and by  this body who practiced private law from the time between their public  service appointments at the Department of the Interior and the time  they would come back to the administration. Mr. Bernhardt has taken the  same steps these nominees did in order for his nomination to move  forward today.   I think it is important to point out the Hayes-Schneider standard  that was established for the Department of the Interior.   David Hayes, nominated for Deputy Secretary in the Obama  administration, was confirmed by the Senate. He had previously served  in the Clinton administration, and then he served in the Obama  administration. In between that time, he had a private law practice.   Janice Schneider, nominated for Assistant Secretary under President  Obama, served in the Clinton administration but in between served in a  private law practice. What we see is another nominee who is a dedicated  public servant, has gained experience in the private sector, and is  willing to come back to public service to give back to our great  country.    Mr. Bernhardt's integrity and ability are two of his strongest  qualities for his nomination. Public service requires certain  sacrifices. I certainly appreciate Mr. Bernhardt's and his family's  acceptance of the nomination that will be considered by this body  today.   I hope the Senate process has not become a broken process, which  disincentivizes qualified people--like Mr. Bernhardt, who is held in  high professional regard--from serving and from returning to public  service. That is why I hope his nomination today receives strong  bipartisan support.   As the Senate takes up the vote on this nomination, I urge my  colleagues to hold this nominee to the same practice, the same process  to which we hold all nominees who are under consideration before the  U.S. Senate.   There are a number of individuals and organizations that support  David Bernhardt. The Southern Ute Indian Tribe in Colorado has written  a letter of support for his nomination; the Colorado Water Congress, a  very important organization made up of environmentalists and water  users and municipalities, supports David Bernhardt's nomination; the  Colorado River District supports David Bernhardt's nomination.   Why are these important? Because these are people who have worked  with him throughout his career, from the time he was an intern for  Russell George in the State legislature to the time that he worked with  Scott McInnis, to the time he worked at a law firm, to the time he  worked at the Department of the Interior, all the way up until today.   The National Congress of American Indians supports David Bernhardt as  Deputy Secretary of the Interior; Ducks Unlimited applauds the  nomination of David Bernhardt as Deputy Secretary of the Interior; the  Boone and Crockett Club supports David Bernhardt's nomination to be  Deputy Secretary of the Interior. The list goes on and on.   Here is a letter from a wide variety of organizations: the  International  [[Page S4098]]  Snowmobile Manufacturers Association, the Recreational Vehicle  Industry, environmental organizations that have done great work in  conservation, the National Shooting Sports Foundation. These are  groups, organizations--not partisan efforts, but organizations that  rely on Democrats and Republicans.   The Indian Nation supports David Bernhardt's nomination. These are  Republicans, Democrats, and Independents across the country who believe  David Bernhardt would do an incredible job at the Department of the  Interior.   Here is a letter of support for David Bernhardt from the chief of the  Penobscot Nation. The National Cattlemen's Beef Association supports  the nomination of David Bernhardt. The list goes on and on.   To my colleagues today, from those who know him best, I ask support  for David Bernhardt, Deputy Secretary of the Department of the  Interior, and stress the importance of a strong bipartisan vote today  to show support for our western States that have so much need at the  Department of the Interior. The work needs to be done so that we can  start once again getting to the work of the people.   I yield the floor.   