 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to speak about a topic which,  wherever I go, people speak about--the replacement of the Affordable  Care Act or ObamaCare, as people call it. Clearly, we need action.   I had a Facebook post maybe a week or two ago from Brian in  Covington, LA. He said: My family plan is $1,700. The quote goes on to  say how his family cannot afford that $1,700.   Rates are going up, which I have said time and time again. My friend  back in Baton Rouge, he and his wife are 60, 61. The quote for their  insurance last year was $39,000--for 1 year. That is clearly not  affordable. This is not just in Louisiana; it is in Washington, DC, it  is in California, it is across our Nation where individual market  quotes are going up that they cannot support.   Most recently, Connecticut insurers--there are two--are proposing  rate increases that are 15.2 percent and 33.8 percent, on average,  respectively. They are quoting 22 percent over 2017. In Maryland, some  insurers are going to raise rates as much as 59 percent for those  individual plans.   I am a physician. I learned a couple of things in my 20 or 30 years  of practice. One, to lower costs, the patient must have the power; and,  two, the insurance must be affordable; and, three, that the insurance  they receive must be adequate. President Trump totally got this. On the  campaign trail, President Trump said time and again--what I call his  contract with the voter. He wanted folks to maintain coverage with  lower premiums, care for those with preexisting conditions, and  eliminating mandates. I think President Trump just knew it. I shorthand  this, if you will, saying, if we focus on lowering premiums and making  sure it passes the Jimmy Kimmel test. The late-night comedian, when his  child was born with a terrible heart problem, immediately got the care  that child needed. So if we can have insurance that passes the Jimmy  Kimmel test--lowering premiums, taking care of the rest of President  Trump's goals, then I think we can accomplish it. We need to talk to  experts, actuaries, those who  [[Page S3259]]  design insurance plans, to make sure we come up with something.   There is something else the President said that I want to focus on.  This is just before he took the oath of office. He said people covered  under the law--meaning the Republican replacement--can expect to have  great healthcare. ``It will be much simplified.'' One of the complaints  about the Affordable Care Act is it is so complicated. Even online, 16  pages online, with your W-2, if you don't get it, you get booted out.  The President said we must have a much simpler way of going about  this--much less expensive and much better.   What could this look like? Let me propose some conservative solutions  that could be in a Republican plan that would achieve the President's  goal. First, the patient has to have the power. In my 30 years of  practice, I found that if the patient has the power, the system lines  up to serve her. One example is price transparency. If we can put in  that a provider has to publish the provider's price, so the patient  getting the blood test knows the cost of the blood test at that moment  and can compare it to someone down the street, we will lower cost.   One example just came up in a newspaper out of New Orleans. Nola.com  is their website. A woman went in and got blood tests. She received a  bill weeks later and her bill was for $324. She found she could have  gotten the same blood test for $34 right down the street. A woman from  Texas came up. She said she heard me speak of price transparency--the  power of negotiating, if you will. The doctor ordered an MRI on her  son's shoulder. She called up the different places where she could have  it done and she got a price of $667. On my Facebook page is a little  video of her speaking: I got it for $667. Then I remembered what you  said: If you pay cash, you get a discount. I called them back. I said,  if I pay cash, will you give me a lower price? They said: Pay us cash,  we will cut that $667 to $400. The patient had the power. So she ended  up paying far less for the procedure the doctor ordered. That is one  conservative solution, give the patient the power.   Secondly, let States innovate. We need to take all of this power that  ObamaCare brought to Washington, DC, and push it back out to the  States. If we do that, we are going to accomplish something. Let's just  acknowledge that there are 700,000 people or so in Alaska. If you took  a map of the State of Alaska and put it over the lower 48, it would  stretch from roughly Georgia to the Pacific Ocean. Washington, DC, has  almost the same population as Alaska, and you can walk across the city  in a morning. Clearly, you need different solutions for an area you can  walk across and an area you cannot fly across in the same time that you  would walk across Washington, DC. We have to return power back to the  patients. We have to engage doctors and patients so those patients with  complex conditions get their healthcare managed. I use the example of a  diabetic. She perhaps developed childhood diabetes, and now she is 35  years old. If a doctor is managing her condition, she works, stays at  home, her complications are minimal, and her life is much better. If  her condition is not managed, she comes to the emergency room three  times a month with diabetes out of control. That just shoots a hole in  the bucket of fiscal responsibility and also in her health. Instead of  working, keeping a family, she is coming to the hospital, getting care  through the emergency room, which she cannot afford to pay for, and  that cost is shifted to everyone else. That is not the way to manage  that. We need to engage doctors with patients.   Another conservative solution is we need more competition between  insurers so there is not just one insurance company in the market that  can therefore set prices but rather we have multiple. So if we give the  patient the power by giving the patient a tax credit that she can use  to purchase the insurance she wishes to have, that will create  competition as more insurers enter the market. If we have that  competition--those market forces--prices come down.    When the President said we have to make things simpler, I think that  also includes how we enroll people in insurance. We figured that out on  Medicare. Under Medicare, if someone turns 65, they are on Medicare. It  could not be simpler. They get a letter. They are on Medicare. If they  don't want to, they can call: Hey, I don't want to be on Medicare. But  as a rule, they are on Medicare.   Fortune 500 companies have figured out the same thing. In order to  enroll people into retirement plans they say: Listen, you are in the  401(k) plan unless you choose not to be. That makes it simpler to get a  95-percent enrollment in retirement plans. Now, you could say: Hey,  listen, you have to fill out a bunch of forms. If you don't fill out  these forms, you are not going to be enrolled. But that would not work  for Medicare. It would not work for 401(k)s. It has not worked under  ObamaCare.   We need to take those same sort of solutions we have found for both  Medicare and enrolling people in their retirement and do it for the  Republican alternative.   The Republican alternative would say: We make it easy to enroll. You  are in unless you are out. So if you are eligible for a tax credit, you  would receive it. You would then have the insurance. If you were  passive about it, you would have a default policy. But if you are  active, you could do more with it. But by doing so, you actually  increase the number of people insured.   Now, when you increase the pool of those insured, you lower premiums.  We had Blue Cross look at our proposal to make it easy to enroll: You  are in unless you are out. That would lower premiums by 20 percent,  just by expanding the number of those who are insured--20 percent.   So when President Trump says he wants to continue coverage, caring  for those with preexisting conditions without mandates and lowering  premiums, doing this feature where you are in unless you call us and  tell us you don't want to be and making it simple achieves all four  goals.   We would increase coverage. By that, we would lower premiums, taking  care of those with preexisting conditions. Now, again, it is using the  mechanism that is already used in Medicare and in Fortune 500  companies, making it easy to enroll. There are some who don't want to  give States the options. They don't want to give patients the options.  They don't want to make it simple to enroll. They want to replace, if  you will, the tyranny of ObamaCare--where all of this power is taken to  Washington, DC, and States and people were told what they had to do-- with a different sort of tyranny, telling States what they can't do.   I think we ought to give as much power to the States, as much  latitude to the patients to come up with the solutions that work for  them. That is the conservative way to go.   But I will say, in speaking with conservatives, that I very much  invite our Democratic colleagues to come to the table. There are some  of my Democratic colleagues who have said they just want Republicans to  work through this, thinking that it might be a political train wreck  that would work to their advantage. But in those States there are  Americans whose premiums are becoming unaffordable.   I mentioned earlier that in Connecticut premiums are rising 15 and 34  percent this year. In Oregon, it is as high as 22 percent, and Maryland  is as high as 60 percent.   Now, who cares if the person is a Democrat or a Republican? If her  premium is increasing 60 percent, she cannot afford it. So I challenge  my Democratic colleagues to get off the sidelines and engage. Try to do  something not for political purposes but for the purpose of that person  who is at home struggling to pay the bills and deciding that she can no  longer afford insurance, but, perhaps unbeknown to her, she has a  cancer brewing inside her. Just when she decides she can no longer  afford coverage because premiums have risen 60 percent, that is when  her cancer is discovered.   We have to address this. It will take us on either side of the  aisle--both Democrats and Republicans--to work together. I will finish  with a quote from a fellow from Covington, Brian, on my Facebook page.  He said that his family plan is $1,700 a month, for him, his wife, and  his two children. The ACA, the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare, has  brought him to his knees. I hope we can get something done. The middle  class is dwindling away. Can everyone just come together and figure  this out?  [[Page S3260]]    This is a cry for help. It is a challenge to Republicans and  Democrats to come up with a plan that is not a red plan or a blue plan  but an American plan to address his needs, his wife's needs, and those  similar to him across the country.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Patrick  Flanigan, an intern in Senator Kennedy's office, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the day.   