 Mr. President, I reserve the right to object.   If the Democratic leader wants to proceed.    Mr. President, I reserve the right to object.   If the Democratic leader wants to proceed.    Mr. President, I reserve the right to object.   If the Democratic leader wants to proceed.    Mr. President, I reserve the right to object.   If the Democratic leader wants to proceed.    Mr. President, I object to the first request.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   Is there objection to the second request of the Democratic leader?    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arkansas is recognized.    Mr. President, so once again we are hearing the Democrats  and the media traffic in fake news. We heard a lot on this floor and  over the weekend about a Muslim ban. This is a so-called Muslim ban  that applies only to seven countries, and it does not apply to  Indonesia, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, or Nigeria--the five largest  Muslim populations in the world. I have heard lots of claims on TV  about 134 million Muslims who could be affected. Of course that leaves  1.6 billion Muslims who are not affected.   This is not a Muslim ban; this is a temporary pause of movement from  seven countries, which President Trump did not pick from thin air. He  picked from acts of this Congress and the Obama Department of Homeland  Security--five countries in a state of near anarchy; a sixth country,  Iraq, which has had a large part of its territory overrun by the  Islamic State; and a seventh, Iran, which is the world's worst state  sponsor of terrorism. Moreover, it is not a ban; it is simply a  temporary pause for 3 to 4 months to evaluate whether Obama  administration policies are strong enough to keep this country safe.   We also heard claims that this is somehow unconstitutional. However,  there is no free-floating global right of people around the world to  come to this country. President Trump's order is nothing more than a  temporary pause on migration from countries with very weak state  institutions or which sponsor terrorism, while the President and the  administration take a more thorough review of our vetting procedures  and the refugee program as a whole.   Secretary Kelly has stated that it does not apply to green card  holders. Secretary Mattis is reportedly advising that the long-term  policy accommodate Iraqis with a documented history  [[Page S469]]  of serving with our troops, which I obviously support.   In fact, a temporary pause for security evaluations is so sensible  that in November 2015, after the Paris terrorist attacks, even the  minority leader suggested that ``a pause may be necessary.'' It wasn't  beyond the pale then, and it is not now. Moreover, the people who are  enforcing our laws on the frontlines agree with President Trump. The  union for Border Patrol and Customs Enforcement agents has stated that  they support this order and two other related immigration orders.   Yet here is the minority shedding crocodile tears over President  Trump's immigration refugee policy, but where were those tears for the  last 8 years when President Obama's foreign policy created all of these  refugees? Where were the tears when President Obama overthrew the  Government of Libya with nothing to follow? Where were the tears when  President Obama withdrew from Iraq, leaving that country to fend off  Iran and the Islamic State? Where were the tears when President Obama  gave Iran $100 billion to continue its imperial campaign throughout the  Middle East, to include overthrowing the Government of Yemen through  its proxies? And most notoriously, where were the tears when President  Obama stood idly by and watched Syria go up in flames? Spare me the  tears now.   If the minority is worried about the President's counsel and wants to  make a difference in the real world, I suggest we get to work and we  confirm Rex Tillerson to be the Secretary of State and Jeff Sessions to  be the Attorney General. In the meantime, I object.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   Is there further debate?   