 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and the underlying  legislation.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act we are considering today is the culmination  of years of work, years of listening to the concerns of hardworking  taxpayers at home, and several elections where the people spoke out for  relief from a broken, special-interest laden Tax Code.   Here are the questions we need to be asking today:   Are you tired of the status quo?   Do you think we can do better than the slowest economic recovery  since the Great Depression?   Do you want a healthier economy that creates the opportunities that  offer you a real chance to get ahead, puts more money in your pocket,  and helps you fulfill your American Dream?   If you answered yes to any of these questions, then the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act is for you.   As I travel across my district, I hear story after story from  families with nothing left over at the end of the month, who are  struggling to save for retirement, pay off loans, or simply make ends  meet.   It doesn't have to be this way. There is a better way.   We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to fix this. We can act  now to put more money back into the hardworking taxpayers' pockets,  make American business more competitive, and create a much healthier  economy.   Americans have toiled under a broken Tax Code filled with loopholes  and special interest carve-outs for far too long. This legislation--the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act--is a giant step for everyday Americans looking  to get ahead.   This is for the family of four, making $59,000 a year, who can save  $1,182 a year in taxes. This is for the single mom, making $30,000  working night and day to support her two children, who will also save  more than $1,000 a year in taxes.   Our legislation doubles the standard deduction, so people won't have  to itemize their tax returns. It expands the child tax credit from  $1,000 to $1,600 and provides a $300 credit for adult dependents living  at home. It will create more jobs in Pennsylvania and raise  Pennsylvania's families' incomes.   It will bring dollars back to America to be invested in American  companies with American workers. It will empower the people of America  who want to get ahead, and it will lessen the power of Washington, D.C.   Vote for freedom, vote for prosperity, vote for this rule and this  bill.   