 I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in favor of the rule and the underlying  legislation.   Since the beginning of this Congress, we have devoted ourselves most  prominently to a single goal: making Washington work for the people  again.   There is one thing here in Washington that consistently stands  against our people, our economy, and our Constitution: the Federal  bureaucracy.   These agencies, bureaus, and departments--so numerous that nobody  even knows how many there are--spend their lives thinking up new rules,  and the rules they produce weigh down businesses, destroy jobs, and  limit Americans' rights. Career bureaucrats who can't be voted out of  office wield punishing authority with little to no accountability. They  are agents of the status quo, and the revolving door of Federal  employees moving to lobbying arms and consulting firms breed thousands  of regulations that enrich the connected and powerful, sometimes at the  great expense of the average American. This is the swamp. This is what  opposes the people, and we are draining it.   In recent weeks, this House has already started its two-part plan to  strip the bureaucracy of its power. We started to change the structure  in Washington by passing the REINS Act and the Regulatory  Accountability Act. This week, we begin part two: targeting specific  rules and stripping them from the books.   There has been no industry in America that has been more regulated  than energy. We are going to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal  the stream protection rule that could destroy tens of thousands of  mining jobs and put up to 64 percent of our country's coal reserves off  limits.   Then we will take on President Obama's 11th hour BLM methane  emissions requirement. The oil and gas industry in America has already  drastically reduced methane emissions even while increasing output, and  the EPA already has the authority to regulate air emissions. Instead of  helping the environment, this rule could cost America's energy industry  up to $1 billion by 2025 and force smaller operations, especially out  West, to shut down and lay off employees. So, this Friday, the House  will get rid of it.   We will also take the ax to the SEC disclosure rule, which--now, if  you can believe it--targets publicly traded American energy companies  with even more regulatory compliance while it lets foreign companies  off the hook. Washington should put American companies first, not put  them at a disadvantage to their foreign competitors.   Mr. Speaker, it is not just energy, which would be bad enough; but  under President Obama, the bureaucracy has even threatened our basic  constitutional rights. A new rule from the Social Security  Administration would increase scrutiny on up to 4.2 million disabled  Americans if they attempt to purchase firearms. For the completely  unrelated circumstance of having someone help manage your finances,  Social Security recipients could be kept from exercising their Second  Amendment rights. In an affront to due process, the bureaucracy has  even attempted to blacklist from Federal contracts any business that is  accused of violating labor laws, and that could be before the company  has a chance to defend itself in court.   Every single one of these will be gone. With a vote in the House, a  vote in the Senate, and President Trump's signature, we will get rid of  every one of these job-killing and destructive regulations. The House  is always at the service of the people. Now we are making the  bureaucracy serve the people, too.   