 Mr. President, I assure our colleague from Pennsylvania  that nothing in this budget resolution will deprive any person of the  benefits they receive under Medicaid--no one. This budget resolution  will not do that to anyone in the country. I can promise him that.   It is ironic, though, to hear my colleagues talk about cuts in  Medicaid when no one is proposing cuts in Medicaid--no one. All we are  talking about is reducing the rate of increase in the growth of a very  important and necessary entitlement program. Someday, when they grow  up, these same children are going to have to pay back the money that we  have borrowed in order to sustain these programs today. So we need to  look at the whole picture here and learn and figure out how we can meet  our current needs but also be responsible enough not to spend money  today that our children and grandchildren are going to have to pay back  tomorrow.   Mr. President, I have come to the floor to talk primarily about tax  reform because that is going to be the task that we undertake following  the passage of the budget resolution.   The President of the United States invited the members of the Senate  Finance Committee over to the White House, and I have just returned  from that meeting. It was a bipartisan meeting of the tax-writing  committee in the Senate. That is what the Senate Finance Committee is.  We heard during the discussions that the President's preference would  be for this to be done on a bipartisan basis, and there was no one  there present who said: We insist that this be done on a partisan  basis. In other words, everybody there agreed with the President that  it would be better for the country and that we would be able to come up  with a better product--it would be durable, and it would be  sustainable--if, in fact, we  [[Page S6515]]  were able to do so on a bipartisan basis.   In taking that to heart, Chairman Hatch, who is the chairman of the  Senate Finance Committee, has previously stated his intention to have  an open amendment process in the Senate Finance Committee. Typically,  what happens is that there is some base bill--sometimes referred to as  the chairman's mark--that is the starting place for legislation in our  committees. What we do is to come up with what we think represents the  closest thing to a consensus of those who are interested, actually, in  pro-growth tax reform and what that would look like, and then open it  up to Democrats and Republicans alike to offer their amendments to  change it. If they have a majority vote in the committee, it will pass  and change the bill. If they have a vote and it loses, then the bill  will stay as it is.   I am, frankly, a little bit surprised to hear from some of our  colleagues that they actually want us to avoid the committee process  and want us to come out here on the floor and come up with a bill that  all 100 Senators can agree to. That is a terrible way to operate. It  is, basically, a recipe for failure.   What we need to do is to return to what we call regular order around  here. All that means is this: Let's go through the traditional process  of legislating, moving bills through the committee, and letting  everybody participate. Then the majority leader can bring a bill to the  floor with there being the same opportunity to offer amendments and to  have votes. If you get a majority vote, you win, and your amendment is  adopted. If you lose the vote, then it is not, and it does not change  the content of the bill.   I really wonder whether we ought to go back to that old cartoon that  talks about how a bill becomes a law. I remember when I was growing up  ``I am just a bill on Capitol Hill'' or however the lingo goes. Some  people have seen that on the internet. Even some of the pages here, who  are much younger than I am, are shaking their heads, indicating they  recall that. That is how a bill becomes a law. Our colleagues across  the aisle act like this is a revelation, that this is somehow  unprecedented and is a terrible way to do business.   Consistent with what the President has requested and what we would  like on a bipartisan basis, let's give that a try. That is what we  talked about over at the White House, and I think we owe it to the  American people. Honestly, I think that if we were able to come up with  a bipartisan tax reform bill, the country would be astonished--it would  be shocked--that we were actually working together in the best interest  of the American people, rather than relying on the same old, tired  talking points and being sort of ensconced in our own bunkers, lobbing  shots across some demilitarized zone at each other, politically. I  think the American people are tired of that. Frankly, some of us who  have been here a while are frustrated by the lack of productivity and  by resorting to those same old tired talking points, living in these  bunkers and not getting as much done as we need to for the American  people.    There is a good reason why large-scale changes in our Tax Code  haven't been made since 1986, and that is because it is hard. It is  hard to get a consensus on a bipartisan basis, but it is long overdue,  and the American people are demanding it.   The first step in the process of passing pro-growth tax reform that  will leave you with more of what you earn in your pocket and will  actually raise the living standards of hard-working families is for us  to pass a budget resolution this week to give the Congress the tools we  need to get the job done. Now, it may very well be--well, I can hope,  anyway--that we won't need to resort to the technical tools we get from  a budget resolution, the reconciliation instructions, and that we can  actually do this on a bipartisan basis, but if we can't, then this  budget resolution will provide a roadmap for tax reform and provide a  pathway to get our Federal spending under control, not by cutting but  by reducing the rate of growth in some of our programs.   I don't know anybody who believes that the current Tax Code is  working. One of the flaws in our Tax Code is that it favors production  overseas as opposed to buying and building in America. It keeps  overseas trillions of dollars that could be brought back here and used  productively growing businesses, creating jobs, and increasing wages.  Keeping your corporate headquarters in Dallas or Denton instead of  Delhi or Dubai shouldn't be a disadvantage, although that is what  happens under our current Tax Code.   Of course, we know that for every provision in the Tax Code, there is  some lobbyist, some entrenched special interest that is going to fight  like the dickens to keep that provision in the Tax Code. We have  already heard some of the lazy arguments and the scare-mongering that  are always based on unjustifiable assumptions. In this case, there are  some people who say: Well, if we let people actually keep more of what  they earn, it won't change their behavior at all. They say: If we let  businesses keep more of what a business earns, they won't invest it in  their own business and create new jobs. I think that defies common  sense, and it defies experience. That is why we see, on the business  side, countries like Ireland, which used to have one of the highest tax  rates in the world, or the United Kingdom, cutting their business tax  rate--because they realize that brings businesses to their country, it  creates jobs, and it helps grow the economy and make a lot of other  important things possible.   Two recent studies illustrate why the naysayers are off base. One is  by the White House Council of Economic Advisers and shows a clear  linkage between corporate tax rates and real wages. It shows that  reducing the corporate rate--this may not seem obvious on its face, but  this study says that reducing the business rate for corporations from  35 percent to 20 percent will translate into a minimum of a $4,000  increase in income for the average household. The second study comes  from another expert at Boston University and concludes that lowering  the corporate rate from 35 to 20 percent will mean a rise in income of  $3,500 per household.   This used to be a bipartisan acknowledgment. I remember that in 2011  President Obama gave a speech to a joint session of Congress where he  acknowledged that we needed to cut our business rates to bring that  money back here onshore and to keep our businesses from moving to other  countries.   I mentioned several times on the floor recently that I was shocked  when I read an article a couple weekends ago that said that IBM--one of  the largest corporations in the world--has more employees in India than  it does in the United States. I am sure that is caused by a number of  factors--access to a workforce, a well-trained workforce, the cost of  doing business--but it has to be influenced by our highest tax rate in  the world.   These authors say the new plan that has been proposed by Republicans  will raise the growth of the economy between 3 percent and 5 percent  and real wages between 4 percent and 7 percent. If you cut corporate  rates from the highest in the world to 20 percent, it will raise the  wages of workers from 4 percent to 7 percent. Both of these studies  suggest that tax reform will benefit working Americans.   I have to tell you that the President made this point over and over  again at the meeting we had this morning. He said: I am not interested  in giving tax breaks to the wealthy. I want more middle-class, hard- working families to see the benefit of tax reform. He said: People who  are wealthy are doing just fine. They don't need any help in the Tax  Code.   But the people who do need help are hard-working families who are  seeing stagnant wages or seeing their standard of living decrease  because of their high tax rates. So who in good faith could stand in  the way of this happening? Who would stop us from giving workers a  raise?   Well, we are ready to hear all the preaching. I know it is coming,  but that shouldn't deter us from doing our designated task. We  shouldn't allow petty ignorance to go unchallenged, and the sort of  deliberate class warfare that pits different taxpayers against each  other--we should not tolerate that.   Let me conclude because I know other colleagues want to speak. The  American people are anxious, and they are frustrated. They are upset  with what they see happening in Washington--or I should say not  happening  [[Page S6516]]  in Washington. The reason is because they want us to realize the two  points I just mentioned. They are waiting for us to get it and to base  our fiscal policy on what is honest and true.   We can't ignore this issue any longer, and we will not--first by  passing the budget resolution this week and then moving on a bipartisan  basis through the Senate Finance Committee, the House Ways and Means  Committee, to come up, hopefully, with a consensus tax reform plan that  will get our economy growing again and allow hard-working American  workers to keep more of what they earn and, in the process, help  improve their standard of living.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt).   