 Mr. President, citizens across the country are very  concerned. In fact, they are more than concerned; they are terrified  that our President is degrading the fundamental values on which our  Nation was founded: religious tolerance, freedom of religion, the  ability to worship as you please, and a fundamental principle that we  would be welcoming to refugees, that we would be a nation that embraces  immigrants.   Tonight Lady Liberty is crying. She said, ``Give me your tired, your  poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,'' but our President  has slammed the door on the tired and the poor and the huddled masses.  It is an action the citizens in my home State have come out to protest.  They have gone to the airport in Portland en masse 2 days in a row to  say that we are welcoming to the world, that we are not going to slam  the door shut on refugees, that we are not going to single out Muslim  nations and say: We do not want you here.   Indeed, I held two townhalls over the weekend. The first was in a  gymnasium about this size. There were 600 people jammed into it. They  are very upset and angry that our fundamental values are being  disregarded by the President of the United States. Then I went to my  second townhall. I thought 600 was a lot; there were 3,700 Oregonians  who came out to my second townhall. Every one of them is wanting to  send a message to President Trump: You are taking us on the wrong  road--a road that hurts people around the world, a road that hurts our  fundamental values, and a road that decreases our security.   This Executive order, this Executive action from the President has  had an  [[Page S472]]  immediate and painful impact--hundreds of people en route to our  country detained at airports although they were legally traveling here.  Many of them have been vetted on extended periods, some of them going  through several years of vetting, and finally they have in their hand  that visa that says, yes, I am going to have a country, and it is going  to be the United States of America. And the President crushed that  hope.   Chaos and confusion abounded. Lawyers and protesters and advocates  descended on airports everywhere across this country to tell the  administration that there is no mandate, no public will for this path  that is so destructive to our values. They came out to say: Mr.  President, when you tear down women in America, we stand with the women  of America. Mr. President, when you tear down the disabled, we stand  with the disabled of America. Mr. President, when you tear down African  Americans and Hispanics, we stand with African Americans and Hispanics.  And, Mr. President, when you tear down Muslims, we stand with our  Muslim brothers and sisters because this is the United States of  America, where we value religious freedom, where we value religious  tolerance. This is a nation of immigrants. If you are not 100 percent  Native American, then you are either an immigrant yourself or you are  the child or the grandchild or the great-grandchild of an immigrant.  Most of us can track members of our family who came from the ravages of  war or the ravages of drought or the ravages of oppression to come here  to this soil, this land of freedom. James Madison remarked: ``America  was indebted to immigration for her settlement and for her  prosperity.'' This remains just as true today as it was in Madison's  day.    Here we stand, but the President of the United States has denied  access to our Nation to a group of people based on nothing more than  religious beliefs, betraying our values of religious tolerance and  shutting the doors on refugees. The President has said this is not a  ban on those of the Muslim faith, but of course it is a ban on those of  Muslim faith because it is a ban on seven nations that are Muslim  nations, with an exception made for individuals who are Christians so  it is nothing more than a ban on Muslims.   The President says this is about protecting our citizens, but let us  be very clear about that. Numerous refugees have come to our land,  numerous immigrants, and there have been zero fatal terror attacks  carried out by the immigrants from the seven countries listed in the  order. Zero. We have been attacked by individuals from other countries  which are not listed in the order, from Saudi Arabia, United Arab  Emirates, Egypt, and Lebanon. Those nations aren't listed on this  order. What we do know is that this ban does not make our Nation safer.  National security experts recognize that it does exactly the opposite.  By signing this Executive order, the President has betrayed our most  fundamental values and principles, antagonizing 1.6 billion citizens of  the world, and given our enemies ammunition for their false narrative  that America is at war with Islam because that is exactly what they  have used to recruit. That is exactly what they have used to increase  and pour fuel on the fire to persuade people to attack Americans. The  President has basically handed them this argument--this false  narrative--and put our Nation at risk.   Former CIA Director Gen. Michael Hayden said to National Public Radio  this morning, ``In fact, what we're doing now has probably made us less  safe today than we were Friday morning before this happened, because we  are now living the worst jihadist narrative possible, that there is  undying enmity between Islam and the West.''   I share the value of Daniel Benjamin, the former Coordinator for  Counterterrorism at the State Department, who said this: ``It sends an  unmistakable message to the American Muslim community that they are  facing discrimination and isolation,'' and that message, he said, will  ``feed the jihadist narrative that the United States is at war with  Islam, potentially encouraging a few more Muslims to plot violence.''   This is the wrong move in every possible way. It is ill-considered,  it is hasty, it is dangerous, it is wrongheaded, it puts American  citizens at risk, and it helps our enemies. Benjamin Franklin once  said: ``Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little  temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.'' In this case,  President Trump's Executive order has degraded both our liberty and our  security--both our liberty and our safety.   We have turned our backs on friends and allies who are helping us in  the war against ISIS. The President has made it clear that he wants to  take on ISIS as we had been, but he wants to amplify it, and he has  sabotaged that effort with this Executive order.   There are individuals like Hameed Khalid Darweesh, who worked for  more than a decade for the United States as an interpreter in Iraq. Our  interpreters place their lives at risk to assist our soldiers. They  place the lives of their families at risk to assist the United States  of America. This man risked his life for more than 10 years for us, and  how is he greeted when he arrives here in our country? He is greeted  with handcuffs. Muslim Iraqi interpreters like Mr. Darweesh have earned  the right to come to America. They risked their lives and their  family's lives. They assisted us in multitudinous ways.   What about this ban on refugees? Refugees are the most thoroughly  vetted of all those who come to the United States. If a terrorist wants  to come to the United States, a terrorist wouldn't attempt to come as a  refugee. It would be 1 to 2 years of waiting in miserable conditions in  a refugee camp, with all kinds of vetting, and they might never get  permission to come. If you want intense vetting, then look to how we  vet refugees. Blocking women and children and interpreters from coming  to our country who have been the most thoroughly vetted of all  potential immigrants is simply wrong. In fact, the model for vetting  refugees is intense. Women and orphans are just searching for a safe  haven, but we have turned our back and we have slammed the door.   America is better than this. For centuries we have been a beacon of  hope to the world. We have been a beacon of justice, a beacon of  compassion, and we must restore our Nation as a beacon of hope,  justice, liberty, and compassion.   Millions of Americans are coming out in the snow and the rain and in  some places in good weather. They are coming out in any possible  conditions to speak out and say: This is not America. This is not us.  Change paths. Tear down this ban. Tear down this ban that has slammed  the door on refugees. Tear down this ban which has placed our Nation at  risk.   Let us together put our Nation back on track. Let us together fight  for the values that made America great for the last two centuries. Let  us together fight for the richness of our culture and our community,  the strength of our society that comes from being a nation of  immigrants. We need to act and act urgently.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   