 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed.    Mr. Speaker, the Ozone Act, or perhaps more  accurately, the ``Smoggy Skies Act,'' will put our communities at risk  and dangerously harm public health. The delays and exemptions in this  act are unprecedented. They will cut critical portions of the Clean Air  Act to the detriment of our Nation and our people's health.   This motion to recommit is simple. If the Clean Air Scientific  Advisory Committee, which is an independent group of nationally  recognized experts, if they believe that this act will increase asthma  attacks, increase emergency room visits, increase pre-term births,  increase impaired fetal growth, lead to an increased risk of heart  attack, stroke, premature death, then the act will not go into effect.   Now I ask, what is more important or fundamental as the  representatives of the people than to ensure that our actions do not  bring harm to the American people? How can we go home to our  constituents and look a mother in the eye and say we voted for  something that could make her child sick? How can we visit a school if  we voted for something that could spike rates of asthma?   We originally passed the bipartisan Clean Air Act to protect the  health of our people. As we vote to partially dismantle it today, at  least we should ensure scientists certify that we are doing no harm to  the American people.   Some of my colleagues may vote against this motion to recommit  because they already know this act will have a devastating impact on  the American people's health. Plain and simple, ozone is a pollutant.  It is the leading component of smog. It causes chest pain, shortness of  breath, respiratory infections, asthma attacks, acute bronchitis, and  even premature death.   Smog is linked to 16,000 preterm births per year. Exposure to ozone  in the womb and in childhood causes permanent lung damage. The new  ozone standards could prevent 230,000 childhood asthma attacks per  year. Delaying implementation of the new ozone standards will only  sentence more and more children to lifelong lung disease.   When setting the new ozone standards, the EPA used the best available  science and reviewed hundreds of studies on the negative health effects  of ozone. One conclusion was clear: the current standards do not  protect the American people.   My Republican colleagues here recently passed legislation that would  have taken healthcare away from 22 million people. Now we are  considering a bill that would make our Nation sicker, a bill that would  hurt our most vulnerable: babies, infants, schoolchildren, the elderly.   For good reasons, this bill is opposed by the American Academy of  Pediatrics, the American Heart Association, the American Lung  Association, the American Public Health Association, the National  Association of County and City Health Officials, and many, many more.  These experts know that this bill is nothing more than a recipe for  increased sickness and more suffering.   We know that people are being harmed by ozone. We have a duty to our  citizens to raise the bar and protect their health. This is the  people's House. We are here to protect the people. We are here to fight  for the most vulnerable among us and not to represent special  interests. We need to be the body to promote health, not take away  healthcare. We need to fight for kids, not make them sick. We need to  clean our air, not protect polluters.   Mr. Speaker, support this amendment and make sure this bill is not  the health catastrophe all the experts know that it is.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   