 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 985, the  Fairness in Class Action Litigation and Furthering Asbestos Claim  Transparency Act of 2017.   Mr. Chairman, there can be no doubt that this legislation is an  assault on the civil justice system. By effectively banning class  actions, H.R. 985 would give wrongdoers a permission slip to avoid  public scrutiny or liability for their unlawful conduct. Worse still,  this legislation also contains the text of the so-called FACT Act,  which is designed to delay justice for asbestos victims and deny  accountability for corporate defendants.   As the ranking member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee that  exercises jurisdiction over this bill, I am strongly opposed to this  dangerous and offensive measure.   For decades, medical experts have closely linked asbestos exposure  with mesothelioma, a form of lung cancer, and other forms of lung  disease. Asbestos manufacturers have also known about the deadly  effects of asbestos exposure; but, as a Federal judge noted in 1991,  there is compelling evidence that these companies sought to conceal  this information from workers and the general public. Instead of  sharing this critical information, which could have saved countless  lives through exposure prevention, asbestos companies ``continued to  manufacture one of the most widely used asbestos products without  informing workers or the public,'' as the nonprofit Environmental  Working Group has reported.   Real examples of this widespread corporate deception are legion, but  one in particular stands out. In 1966, the senior executive of a  corporation that currently operates as a subsidiary of Honeywell wrote  that, if asbestos victims ``enjoyed a good life while working with  asbestos products, why not die from it.''   In the wake of numerous lawsuits related to asbestos-related deaths,  Congress amended the bankruptcy code in 1994 to authorize the use of  trusts for the settlement of asbestos liability.   In 2001, the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office conducted  an exhaustive study of these trusts but did not find a single example  of fraudulent conduct. Despite this finding, proponents of H.R. 985 now  make the outrageous and totally unsupported claim that victims of  asbestos exposure have committed fraud--more alternative facts.   In the name of what they describe as transparency, the bill would  force trusts to publicly disclose asbestos victims' sensitive personal  information, including their names, partial Social Security numbers,  and the like. Beyond the obvious consequences these requirements would  have in the form of hacking and identity theft, this information is  already available to relevant parties on a confidential basis through  the discovery process, as both the GAO and the RAND Corporation have  reported.   I agree with the majority that asbestos trusts must be accountable  and transparent to both present and future claimants, but there is no  evidence to suggest any wrongdoing or any fraud. This legislation would  only make it easier for wrongdoers to get away with harming others and  to make it harder for Americans to be compensated for these injuries.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 985.   