 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to talk about a subject that is  near and dear to the Presiding Officer's heart, as well as to this  Senator, because we both have had the privilege of serving on the  Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee.   Congress finds itself facing a year of deadlines, and the two most  talked about are the debt ceiling and continued funding for the  government. But if that were not enough, a very important deadline is  looming that affects the safety of the traveling public. By the end of  September, Congress must reauthorize the Federal Aviation  Administration or risk the shutdown of the agency's core safety  mission.   This Senator has the privilege of being the ranking member of the  Senate Commerce Committee, and I have the privilege of working with the  chairman, Senator Thune, on a comprehensive and long-term FAA  reauthorization bill. Unfortunately, what prevented the long-term bill  from passing Congress last year is threatening to do the same again  this year.   This morning, the White House formally announced its intention to  privatize the air traffic control function of the FAA, a move the White  House claims will be self-sustaining. This so-called plan for ATC  privatization includes an entity that would be run in large part by-- you guessed it--the major airlines, and that entity would receive, free  of charge, government-owned FAA assets, and that entity would collect  user fees to finance its operations.   Well, this is how many of us interpret this proposal: Let's hand over  to the airlines all the people and the equipment essential to the safe  operation of our Nation's air traffic control  [[Page S3238]]  system and trust them--the airlines--to manage our skies and the  increasing air traffic. On top of that, here on the other side, they  say: Well, let's finance the airlines' control of our skies through  user fees paid for by the general aviation community.    We know that several airlines in the past year have had to cancel  thousands of flights and strand passengers at airports for hours  because they couldn't effectively manage their IT systems. How can we  trust airlines to govern an entity that manages our skies when they  can't even manage their own basic IT systems?   The FAA, our government's Federal Aviation Administration, safely and  effectively manages the largest and most complex airspace in the world.  Supporters of air traffic control privatization can cite other  countries all they want that have privatized, but none of those  privatized systems hold a candle to the complicated and densely  populated air traffic system the FAA has accomplished.   Rather than helping the FAA continue its progress toward modernizing  our air traffic control system through NextGen--that is being  implemented as we speak, and in 3 years, the process of handing off  most of the air traffic to satellites instead of ground-based radar-- that is in just 3 years. On the other hand, the transition to a  privatized air traffic control entity is only going to disrupt and  delay the FAA's modernization efforts.   One has to ask, if it isn't broken, what exactly is the  administration trying to fix?   We actually have real issues that need to be addressed in this FAA  bill, such as continuing to safely integrate drones into our Nation's  airspace, reforming the process for aircraft certification, and, very  importantly, helping the FAA hire more air traffic controllers. We need  to work to ensure that consumers, the flying public, have real  protections in place that protect them when things go wrong. I wish the  administration would focus on those issues, which received nearly  unanimous support in the Senate last year, rather than try to up-end  the world's safest air traffic control system.   Let's not get sidetracked by proposals that have neither bipartisan  consensus in Congress nor agreement among aviation stakeholders. Last  year we came very close to enacting a bipartisan and comprehensive FAA  bill. It passed the Senate 95 to 3, although it didn't have air traffic  control privatization. I know we can do it again, and I look forward to  working with Senator Thune and the members of the committee, who will  have the first crack at this when we bring up the FAA bill. Hopefully  we can go with a consensus bill that will give us an authorization for  the FAA for many years--5 to 7 years into the future--so that we can  have the certainty of the authorization with which to continue to build  a safe airline and air safety record and implement the next generation  of air traffic control.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   