 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am  grateful to Congressman LaHood for hosting this, pulling this together,  and it really is a great beginning of an anticipation of celebration  for the next year's bicentennial of the statehood of my home, Illinois.   Tonight, we are mentioning just a few things that make Illinois such  a great State, and I look forward to continuing to highlight many more  important facts, figures, stories, and pieces of history about the  Prairie State and, more specifically, about the 14th Congressional  District throughout 2018, all the way up until our 200th birthday on  December 3, 2018.   Illinois is the breadbasket that feeds the Nation and the world. Our  State enjoys a global city with world class transportation hubs and  small towns filled with the hardworking Americans who make this country  what it is. The suburbs of Chicago, where I grew up, are opportunity- filled and family friendly.    I was born in Illinois, grew up in Illinois, and am proud to be  raising my family in Illinois. By the way, for the record, just to set  it clear, it is Illinois, not Illi-noise--phonetic--so we just make  sure that is out there.   I am so proud to represent the 14th Congressional District, the Fox  River Valley, the Chain O'Lakes, and so many dozens and dozens of  wonderful small- and medium-sized towns that, again, are the heartbeat  of Illinois and the heartbeat of this Nation.   Tonight, I also would like to take a moment, as has already been  done, to highlight a special giant that hovers over our State, Honest  Abe himself.   As a history buff, especially Illinois history, I cannot emphasize  enough the impact that Abraham Lincoln has had on our State and also on  our Nation and our world.   While he wasn't born in Illinois, his formative years were spent  there, and no doubt our State helped shape his vision for what America  was meant to be. His moral leadership, his persistent fight against the  evils of slavery, his ability to bring diverse coalitions of people to  unify the country, all this and more is why we have proudly called  Illinois the land of Lincoln.   So, again, it is a great honor and privilege for me to be able to be  with my great colleagues, bipartisan, celebrating our State that we are  so proud of, and we are looking forward to these next 12 months of  ongoing celebration of the great State of Illinois.   