 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from California for  her fine remarks on Mr. Wray. I am here for the same reason she is, and  I thank her for also facilitating getting this through the committee in  a very quick way.   Thank you.    Mr. President, I am pleased to support the nomination  of Christopher Wray to be Director of the FBI. Mr. Wray possesses the  skill, the character, and the unwavering commitment to impartial  enforcement of the law we need in an FBI Director. Based on the  unanimous vote Mr. Wray received from the Judiciary Committee, I am  confident my colleagues believe this as well.   Mr. Wray has an accomplished record as a lawyer. He was a Federal  prosecutor for a number of years and went on to serve in various senior  roles at the Department of Justice, including leading the criminal  division at the Department.   Mr. Wray earned the Department's highest award for public service and  leadership. His prior record of service demonstrates his competence in  leading within the Federal Government and demonstrates he will be able  to lead effectively at the FBI. He has shown he has the expertise  needed to address the wide range of policy issues currently facing the  FBI.   Of course, my colleagues and I asked Mr. Wray about his positions on  many such issues during his hearing. He answered those questions very  well, but the most important thing we wanted to learn from him had to  do with his view of the job and where his loyalties lie.  [[Page S4648]]    As all of us in this body know, when we take the oath of office, we  affirm that we will support and defend the Constitution of the United  States. We don't pledge support to any member of the government or even  to a political party. We pledge our loyalty to the Constitution and to  the rule of law.   Many Members asked Mr. Wray very pointed questions about loyalty  during his hearing. I was impressed with his plainspoken, candid  answers, and I take him at his word when he says that his ``loyalty is  to the Constitution and the rule of law'' and when he says that he will  ``never allow the FBI's work to be driven by anything other than the  facts, the law, and the impartial pursuit of justice. Period--full  stop.''   Now, if he is confirmed, Mr. Wray will step into this role at a  crucial moment, not only in the history of the FBI but in the history  of this Nation. As we know, multiple investigations are underway,  including by this body, to clearly lay out Russia's activities that  attempted to influence the 2016 election. These are important and  sensitive investigations, and they cannot be inappropriately influenced  by people in powerful positions in any way whatsoever. This applies to  the FBI Director.   Mr. Wray was asked very directly what he would do if presented with  the opportunity to influence these investigations in any way. He told  the committee that he will not condone tampering with investigations  and that he would resign rather than be unduly influenced in any  manner.   Mr. Wray's record of service and his reputation give us no reason to  doubt him. He was forthright when he was asked specific questions about  the events leading up to his being offered the job of FBI Director by  President Trump. He made no loyalty pledges then, and I expect him  never to make such a pledge moving forward.   Mr. Wray will also face the challenge of running the FBI, motivating  its staff, and ensuring that the FBI operates effectively and  efficiently. My colleagues know I haven't been pleased with how the FBI  has--or has not--replied to the Judiciary Committee's inquiries and  requests for information, and this doesn't apply just to this Senator  but all the Senators on the committee, and it doesn't matter whether  Republican or Democratic. They are entitled to ask questions, and they  ought to get answers. That is the constitutional responsibility of  oversight that all 535 Members of Congress have.   Not being satisfied with the FBI in the past, I asked Mr. Wray  directly about the FBI's responsiveness to Members of this body. He  promised me, and in turn other Members of this body, that he will  prioritize responsiveness and transparency to this body. This will  allow us to do our vitally important job of oversight over the Nation's  top law enforcement agency. I am glad Mr. Wray is ready to work in  partnership with the Senate to help us perform our role very  effectively.   I expect to see improved responsiveness from Mr. Wray to our letters  and to see enhanced protection for whistleblowers within the FBI who  come forward--and they do that at great risk to themselves--to let this  body know where abuses of power are going unnoticed. We owe it to these  brave people we call whistleblowers, but they are patriotic people, to  give them the protection they deserve. The culture for giving this  protection starts at the top with the new FBI Director, Mr. Wray.   As I mentioned before, Mr. Wray was voted out of our committee  unanimously. The fact that all of my colleagues--Democratic and  Republican--trusted Mr. Wray with their ``yea'' vote says what we need  to know about Mr. Wray's ability to perform the important role of FBI  Director and to do it with integrity, with competence, with  professionalism, and the utmost respect for the Constitution and the  rule of law. We can't ask for Mr. Wray to do anything more than that.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm Christopher Wray  as the next Director of the FBI.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise to speak about the Juvenile  Justice and Delinquency Prevention Reauthorization Act.   I will make some short comments, and then I would like to defer to  Senator Whitehouse, and then I would propound a unanimous consent  request.   I think we will soon be able to pass the Juvenile Justice and  Delinquency Prevention Reauthorization Act. I reintroduced this measure  this year with Senator Whitehouse.   The bill before us is almost the same as the one the Judiciary  Committee cleared by voice vote in the 114th Congress, and it is very  similar to the one we hotlined last year. We hotlined it in April, and  all the Members of this Chamber had several months to review it. We had  one objection, and we cleared it earlier this week.  [[Page S4650]]    The bill would extend a Federal law known as the Juvenile Justice  Delinquency Prevention Act for 5 more years. The centerpiece of this  1974 legislation, which Congress last extended 15 years ago, in 2002,  is its core protections for youth. These core protections call for  juveniles to be kept out of adult facilities, except in very rare  instances. They ensure that juveniles will be kept separated from adult  inmates whenever they are housed in adult facilities. They call for  reducing disproportionate minority contact in State juvenile justice  systems.   States adhering to these requirements receive yearly formula grants  to support their juvenile justice systems.   This bill would promote greater accountability in government  spending. The Judiciary Committee, which I chair, heard from multiple  whistleblowers that reforms are urgently needed to restore the  integrity of the formula grant programs that are the centerpiece of our  current juvenile justice law. The Justice Department's Office of  Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention administers this formula  grant program. This program would be continued for 5 more years under  the bill, but the Justice Department would have to do more oversight if  this bill is enacted.   This bill also calls for evidence-based programs to be accorded  priority in funding. The goal is to ensure that scarce Federal  resources for juvenile justice will be devoted mostly to the programs  that research shows have the greatest merit and will yield the best  results for these young people.   Finally, I want to take this opportunity to thank our many  cosponsors. This bill is truly a bipartisan effort, and many Senators  contributed provisions to strengthen this bill since we introduced it  last April. The bill reflects the latest scientific research on what  works best with at-risk adolescents.   At this point, I would ask that the Presiding Officer turn the floor  over to Senator Whitehouse. I want to thank Senator Whitehouse for  being so persistent in this effort, as well. I thank him for his great  help.    Mr. President, once again, thanks to Senator Whitehouse  for his cooperation and working so hard over the course of the last two  Congresses to get this done.   I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged  from further consideration of S. 860 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Grassley amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to and the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time.  [[Page S4651]]     Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I yield the floor.   