 Mr. President, before he leaves the floor, I just want to  commend my colleague from Massachusetts for an excellent presentation.  He has really outlined A to Z with respect to what this issue is all  about. I commend him, and I also commend the ranking member of the  committee, Senator Nelson, our colleague from Florida, for his  excellent job.   Before he leaves the floor, picking up on the remarks of our  colleague from Massachusetts, I am particularly struck by the fact that  I have always thought that it is a classic conservative principle to  empower the individual--to empower the individual to make fundamental  choices about what would be important to them and their family and  their wallets and all of the activities that are central to the life of  a working class family.   What we have been touching on--very eloquently by my colleague from  Massachusetts--is we are going to be voting in a little bit to strip  rights from individuals, to retreat from that classic conservative  principle of empowering individuals and families to make decisions.   I think, for all of the reasons that my colleague from Massachusetts  has talked about and that Senator Nelson has been talking about, this  idea of stripping from individuals the right to make these fundamental  decisions and allowing the gatekeepers of the internet to collect,  share, and profit from personal information of consumers without their  consent is an extraordinary mistake for our country at this time.   I serve on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. I think, for  many people, these issues have, in effect, converged with respect to  privacy policy as it relates to the private marketplace, which is what  this ill-advised proposal that we are going to vote on today is all  about.   We are constantly offered up ideas that suggest that you really are  faced with what amounts to a flawed set of choices. In the intelligence  area, we are consistently told: Well, you just have to give up a little  bit of liberty to have security. And the reality is that liberty and  security are not mutually exclusive. Smart policies give us both. They  give us security and liberty. Unfortunately, around here, we are coming  up with policies, like weakening strong encryption, that are reducing  both--reducing security and reducing liberty. I think what we are  dealing with here on this ill-advised resolution in the Senate, with  respect to the FCC rule, is yet another set of false choices--that you  can either have internet access or privacy. They are not mutually  exclusive. Just as we can have security and liberty, we can have  internet access and privacy for all of the reasons that my friend from  Massachusetts has been outlining.   Now, the FCC acted on the responsibility given to them by the  Congress to protect browsing history--arguably the most intimate,  personal information imaginable. Browsing history makes what the Senate  did in the past with metadata look like small potatoes. Browsing  history is really a picture into your personal life. I have appreciated  the support of my colleagues for making sure that in the intelligence  field, without court oversight, you couldn't get access to people's  browsing history.   The Congress, in effect, told the Federal Communications Commission  to protect browsing history, favorite applications, and even locations  of American broadband users, and the FCC acted on it. Before that time,  there were no rules in place outlining how an internet service  provider--those are the ISPs that we always hear Senators talking  about--may use, share, or even sell their customers' private  information. So, just as the FCC has done for wireline phone customers,  the FCC said it was going to keep up with the evolution of  telecommunications networks by ensuring privacy protections would apply  to broadband internet use. This struck a lot of us as just common  sense. Again, building on the conservative principle of empowering the  individual, the judgment was that by creating what are called ``opt- in'' consent agreements, where the consumer makes an affirmative  decision about what they want--it is not what government wants, it is  not what big companies want, it is what the consumer wants. The  judgment was that by creating this opt-in consent agreement, the  consumer would get a clear understanding of what the broadband provider  knows about them from, for example, their computer or from their  smartphone.  [[Page S1949]]    The big internet service providers are in a unique position to see  where information flows over the networks and can see more of  Americans' data than probably anybody else in what we might call the  internet ecosystem. The websites we visit, what we look for, what time  we are online--all of this, even our location--would be considered  highly personal and highly sensitive information.   The responsibility of the internet service provider is to protect  consumer privacy. It is compounded by the fact that the majority of  broadband consumers have only one option for fast internet service to  their home. There is only one company offering them service. So it  seems to me what we are talking about--what Senator Markey has  outlined--really looks like bad news for folks in rural areas where  they are only going to have one provider, and, frankly, I think in a  lot of metropolitan areas, particularly where there are modest-income  individuals.   Without these protections in place, most consumers are left with the  choice of giving up their browsing history for an internet service  provider to sell to the highest bidder or to have no internet at all.  So think about what that means for, say, an older person.   By the way, under what is being considered in the other body on  healthcare, people between 50 and 64 aren't going to have a lot of  extra money laying around. Those are people who are going to get  clobbered--clobbered--by the healthcare bill that is being considered  in the House today.   What is being considered in the House today--talking about the  wallets of people between 50 and 64--would allow the insurance  companies to charge people who are pre-Medicare five times as much as  younger people. So they are already going to be paying thousands of  dollars more out-of-pocket. Now, given what may happen in this body, we  would have consumers left with the choice of giving up their browsing  history for an internet service provider to sell to the highest bidder  or have no internet at all. So we are socking it to them in terms of  their healthcare premiums, and then we are socking it to them in terms  of essential communications as well.   I just think this is unacceptable and certainly contrary to the whole  notion of classic conservatism, empowering the individual. And it is  certainly taking away these rights from folks in rural America--most of  my towns in Oregon have populations of under 10,000 people. This  proposal that is being discussed here is going to strip consumers of  basic rights that are practically a requirement for economic success in  the 21st century.   I am going to close by picking up on another point that I think  Senator Markey said very well, and I believe I heard Senator Nelson,  our ranking member, touch on as well. It looks to me like a subject  that should not be in controversy: basic transparency and  accountability for the individual, and individual empowerment. It  shouldn't be controversial. It shouldn't be a contentious matter. My  colleague and I served in the other body for a number of years, and we  built coalitions of people all across the political spectrum around the  principles we are advocating today. Providing transparency and  empowering the individual shouldn't be a contentious issue.   Under these regulations, internet service providers can still collect  and use their subscribers' information. The rules simply ensure that  internet service providers receive consent--receive permission from an  empowered consumer--that it is OK to reuse or sell their information,  and the companies would provide the consumers an explanation of how  their data is collected and where it is shared. These rules are about  transparency, plain and simple. Customers, especially those, as I have  indicated, who are captive to one internet service provider, deserve to  know how their internet service provider is using their data.   The broadband privacy rules are not some kind of attack on monetizing  consumer data, but simply a recognition of the importance of consumer  consent.   I will close by saying that more and more in this area, the American  people are getting presented false choices. They are being told, as I  see on the Intelligence Committee, that you have to give up some of  your liberty to have your security. Those are false choices. They are  not mutually exclusive. Everyone in America, everyone paying attention  to this debate ought to know that they have a right to both. Don't  ever, ever let a politician tell you that you have to give up some of  your liberty to have your security. You have a right to vote, and it is  our job, colleagues on both sides of the aisle, to come up with  policies that do both.    Today, we ought to make sure that people aren't presented with  another false choice--that to have Internet access you have to give up  your privacy rights. You can have both, and the Federal Communications  Commission has sought to come up with a sensible policy to do that.   So I join my colleagues, particularly my friend from Massachusetts,  who knows so much about this field, and our terrific ranking minority  member, Senator Nelson, in urging colleagues to oppose a harmful  resolution that, in my view, turns class conservatism on its head and  strips consumers of their rights in a truly ill-advised manner.   I yield the floor.   Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose the resolution to repeal the  Federal Communications Commission's rule to protect consumers from  having their data sold by internet service providers, or ISPs, without  their permission.   Passing this resolution of disapproval would represent yet another  victory for big business and a defeat for hard-working Americans who  use the internet to do their job, connect with friends, or read the  news.   The internet started as a system to facilitate communication among  academic and military networks. In 1995, less than 1 percent of the  world used it. Today more than 87 percent of Americans and more than 40  percent of the world's population use the internet.   Today the internet has become nearly indispensable. Increasingly, our  toasters, refrigerators, and cars can connect to the internet, but  legislation has been slow to keep up with technology. Every website we  visit and every link we click leaves an unintended trail that tells a  story about our lives. ISPs can collect information about our location,  children, sensitive information, family status, financial information,  Social Security numbers, web browsing history, and even the content of  communications. ISPs sell this highly sensitive and highly personal  data to the highest bidder without any consent or knowledge.   Recognizing that telecommunications companies have little incentive  to tell consumers what they are doing with their personal data, the FCC  promulgated a rule to make sure that consumers can protect their  privacy though transparency, choice, and data security. The rule's name  explains its purpose: ``Protecting the Privacy of Customers of  Broadband and Other Telecommunications Services.'' The FCC rule would  not stop companies from selling consumers' information, but the rule  would require ISPs to get consumers' consent before using, disclosing,  or allowing others to access this information.   As former FCC Chairman Wheeler said, ``It's the consumers'  information. How it is used should be the consumers' choice.''   With this resolution, Congressional Republicans are telling 9 out of  10 Americans that they should not be able to decide how private  corporations collect, disclose, and sell their personal data. This  resolution puts the special interests of data users above those of  consumers. I oppose the resolution.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the technology  fellow on my staff, Christopher Soghoian, be granted privileges of the  floor for the remainder of this Congress.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the technology  fellow on my staff, Christopher Soghoian, be granted privileges of the  floor for the remainder of this Congress.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   