 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Representative Zinke to become Secretary of the Interior.   As is always the case, I take this opposing position with some  trepidation. Having served as the Governor of my State, I appreciate  the importance of deference to a chief executive's decisions to build  his or her team, but at the same time, I think we in the Senate have a  constitutional obligation to provide our advice and to provide our  consent because in the end not all nominees are best for the country we  are pledged to protect.   Some of my western colleagues may wonder what stake a small State  like Delaware on the east coast would have in the selection of a  Secretary of the Interior. It turns out, there is plenty.   As the chief land steward of our great Nation, the Secretary of the  Interior will be asked to manage our collective interests in the  conservation, use, and appropriate management of the abundant land,  wildlife, mineral and other resources found on our public lands. For  that reason alone, we should expect a firm commitment from such a  leader that the American taxpayer will receive full value for private  use and profit from the use of our Nation's resources, and we need  assurances that the use of those resources will not abuse the quality  of life for Americans while enhancing the profits of a very limited  few.   That, I am very sad to say, does not appear to be Mr. Zinke's track  record.  [[Page S1464]]  For example, as a Congressman, I am told he opposed the Federal coal  leasing moratorium ordered by his predecessor, Secretary Jewell. Some  would call this an appropriate reaction to an alleged War on Coal, but  let's just take a moment to take a closer look.   As you know, I live in a small State, Delaware, that is, as it turns  out, getting smaller almost every day. With each passing tide and every  coastal storm, a part of us--our land--disappears forever. We are  fighting a valiant and, some would say, futile war against an  encroaching sea. This is not a result of variability in weather  patterns or long-term trends in ocean dynamics, this is climate change  at work.   We are not alone in feeling the effects of our Nation's dependence on  and robust use of carbon-based fuels--like coal--over the past couple  of centuries.   There are Native Alaskan communities that have to move in their  entirety. Think of that. They have to move in their entirety because  tides, storms, and waves--assisted by the absence of ice that used to  protect them from fierce winter storm surges--are literally eating away  at their communities. I am trying to imagine what it would be like as a  family to get the news that you have to leave a place that has been  your home for generations, the place from which your ancestors derived  their sustenance, honored their forbears, and raised their legacies.   I also can't imagine being a person who represents those people and  families, having to help them come to grips with the realities of a  changing world that we--if we act quickly and assertively--can begin to  stabilize.   It means a whole lot to us in Delaware that we take a very careful  look at when and how we use the bounty of mineral resources under our  public lands. At the very least, that should include--as Secretary  Jewell's order envisioned--an assurance that we, as Americans, are paid  a price for the coal and other public resources our lands provide that  matches the value they represent.   It is the least among us who need our government's help, not those  with the most.   We should also, as Secretary Jewell's policy recommended, be aware of  and responsible about the climate change implications of the coal sales  from public lands. If we humans, as Mr. Zinke admits, are responsible  for our changing climate and the fact that my State is slowly eroding  away, then we should embrace--not ignore--the commonsense wisdom of the  former Secretary of the Interior. Given the chance to agree with this  common sense in his response to questions from my colleagues on the  Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Mr. Zinke repeatedly demurred.   Continuing on this theme, Mr. Zinke, in response to questions from  Energy and Natural Resource Committee members, supported the  Congressional Review Act resolution to eliminate the Obama  administration's rule to curb wasteful releases of methane from Bureau  of Land Management land-based operations--yet another example of  willingness to sell the American people short in favor of a handful of  energy companies.   Wasted gas is wasted public revenue. Let me say that again. Wasted  gas is wasted public revenue. Wasted methane is adding yet more of a  very potent greenhouse gas to our atmosphere.   Given the opportunity to reflect some concerns for Americans, our  climate, Delaware's and Alaska's shorelines, and our global obligation  to put a lid on climate contributions, this nominee demurs.   We have seen this pattern of helping the few at the expense of the  most across the board with too many of this President's nominations. I  believe this is ultimately un-American, unwise, unfair, and  unacceptable.   I am also concerned with Mr. Zinke's stance toward the use of the  Antiquities Act by the President to designate lands as national  monuments. Specifically, during his confirmation, we heard a  willingness from Congressman Zinke to take the legally uncertain step  of revisiting the use of the Antiquities Act by the President to  designate lands and historic sites across the Nation as national  monuments.   Undermining the Antiquities Act is--I believe and a lot of people  believe--bad for conservation, is bad for historical preservation, and  is bad for economic development opportunities associated with national  monuments and our national parks.   For those who don't know, the Antiquities Act has been used by  Presidents dating back to the early 20th century--roughly 100 years--to  preserve and protect our Nation's historic sites and preserve Federal  lands for all of us--all of us--to enjoy.   During his time in office, President Obama utilized the Antiquities  Act to safeguard and preserve Federal lands and cultural and historic  sites. Ultimately, he designated over 550 million acres of land as  national monuments, including what we call the Delaware national  monument.   Delaware, as it turns out, has a special history with the Antiquities  Act, which I will take just a moment to talk about today. Before  Delaware saw the establishment of national parks in our borders, we had  a national monument for a couple of years.   In 2013, President Obama recognized Delaware's important  contributions to the founding of the United States, including its role  as the first State to ratify the U.S. Constitution, by creating the  First State National Monument, with our urging and support.   Before that designation, Delaware was the only State in the Nation  that had neither a national monument or a national park. We were the  first State to ratify the Constitution but until a couple of years ago  no national park. We were the only State that was in that situation.  Simply put, Delaware was missing out on tourism and economic  development that a national monument or park can bring.   The economic opportunities afforded to States with national monuments  and national parks, as it turns out, are significant--quite  significant. Each State with a park or monument sees economic benefits  of at least $1 million, I am told, if not much more, in tourism and  economic development, and every year millions of Americans and  countless others from across the world plan their vacations around  America's national parks and monuments.   Believe it or not, if someone in some other country--whether it is  Europe, Asia, Latin America, or Central America--if they are interested  in coming to the United States, they go on the National Park Service  website, and they look up all of the national parks and monuments  across the country and decide which ones they might want to visit. The  single most popular destination within the U.S. borders for tourists  from other parts around the world, believe it or not, are our national  parks. Isn't that extraordinary. The economic opportunities afforded to  States with national monuments and national parks are significant-- again, around $1 million or more.   Delaware's national park celebrates Delaware's rich colonial history  as the first State to ratify the U.S. Constitution. As it turns out,  the Constitution was first ratified on December 7, 1787.   Many years before that--maybe 150 years before that--the first Finns  and Swedes came to America, and they landed in what is now Wilmington,  DE. They sailed across the ocean in the Kalmar Nyckel and the Fogel  Grip from Sweden and Finland. It was before they even had a Finland,  and the Swedes and Finns were one.   They sailed through the Delaware Bay and north to the Delaware River  and came to an uncharted, unnamed river that headed off to the west,  off of the Delaware River. They went about a mile. When they came,  there were a lot of big rocks along the coastline, and they landed  there at the rocks. They declared that spot the colony of New Sweden,  which later became Wilmington, DE. They built a fort called Fort  Christina, and they built a church, the Old Swedes Church. It is the  longest continuously operating church in America.   About 15 miles south of that spot on the Delaware River is actually  the river they sailed up on and planted their flag, the Christina  River. They named it after the 12-year-old child Queen of Sweden, but  about 50 miles south of the Christina River, further down the Delaware  River, is a town of New Castle. There is a big statue of William Penn  in the town of New Castle, and it is because William Penn first landed  in America--not in an area  [[Page S1465]]  close to Philadelphia where they have Penn's Landing. He landed in New  Castle, DE, and he brought with him the deeds to the land that later  became Pennsylvania and Delaware.    Further down the coast toward where the Delaware Bay meets the  Atlantic Ocean is a town called Lewes, DE. Lewes, DE, was settled by  the Dutch, the first time unsuccessfully. The settlers lost their  lives. The second time they came back in greater numbers and  successfully settled Lewes, DE, and it endures to this day.   The Brits didn't much like the idea that the Dutch had a foothold in  that part of Delmarva, in what is now Sussex County, DE, and one night  many years ago--several hundred years ago--the British surrounded  Lewes, DE, which was then inhabited by the Dutch, and they burned it to  the ground. The next morning when the sun came up, there was one house  standing in Lewes, DE, and it was Ryves Holt House. It is believed to  be one of the oldest standing houses in all of North America.   If you drive up from Lewes headed north on Route 1 toward Dover Air  Force Base, just before the Dover Air Force Base is a colonial  plantation called the Dickinson Plantation, named after John Dickinson  who was a penman, an early writer who spoke about and wrote some of the  early writings that had been cited and encouraged the colonists in what  is now America to rise up against the tyranny of the British Crown.   As you go a little further up Route 1 to Dover and go to downtown  Dover, you come across an area where there used to be a tavern called  the Golden Fleece Tavern, and that was the place where, on December 7,  1787, after three days and nights of debate and discussion, luckily, 25  early colonists decided to ratify the Constitution, which had come down  the week before from Pennsylvania. We were the first State to ratify  the Constitution.   A few years before that, a fellow named Caesar Rodney, who had been  president of Delaware and later held any number of offices in the State  even before it was a State, actually rode his horse right past the area  where the Golden Fleece Tavern was--where the Constitution was  ratified--and rode his horse all the way up to Philadelphia, PA, in  order to cast the tie-breaking vote in favor of the Declaration of  Independence. That is a little bit of the history of Delaware.   The National Park Service decided 3 years ago that the early colonial  settlement leading up to the ratification of the Constitution is what  made Delaware unique, and our national park includes a number of those  different components. Think of it almost as a necklace with different  stones of value and interest around our State. That is what it is.   That is the national park today. It started off really as a national  monument from the Antiquities Act. Given that kind of history, we need  to make sure that future administrations and future Presidents have the  ability to utilize the Antiquities Act to safeguard the country's  history, protect the outdoors for all of us to experience and to enjoy.   I urge my colleagues in the Senate to send what I think is an  important message that we want people in our government who are there  to help people. I will be voting no on the Zinke nomination as a  result, and I encourage my colleagues to consider doing the same.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   