 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I think I will be done speaking before  the time for the vote arrives, but I ask unanimous consent for  permission to finish my remarks.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I am pleased that the Senate is finally  considering the nomination of Governor Branstad of Iowa to be  Ambassador to China. Before I speak about this very well-qualified  nominee, I would like to express my great disappointment and great  frustration with the seemingly endless obstruction on the part of the  minority.   This nominee received unanimous support in the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee more than a week ago. Yet the majority leader was  required to file cloture on the nominee because there could not be  consent given to move forward with it. We could have approved this  nomination with just a few minutes of debate time. Yet the minority  required that we have the cloture vote and the 30 hours afterwards, not  because they wanted to debate the merits of the nominee but simply to  delay the business of the Senate. It is unfortunate that their delay  has kept an eminently qualified individual from getting into the job to  promote America's interest in China sooner than it now will be.   I am honored to have the opportunity today to speak to my colleagues  about my good friend, Governor Terry Branstad.   Governor Branstad is the longest-serving Governor in U.S. history.  Let me make that clear. Out of 50 States for 230 years, no person in  the United States has served their State as Governor of that State  longer than Terry Branstad has now. He is a lifelong Iowan who has  devoted his life to public service.   After more than 22 years as my home State's chief executive, I am  proud to support Governor Branstad's nomination to serve our country as  the next U.S. Ambassador to the People's Republic of China.   The fact is, Governor Branstad has been an ambassador for Iowa to the  Nation and even to the world for his entire career. He has been a  champion for Iowa and on behalf of Iowans around the globe. As  Governor, he has been vigorous in promoting our State's economy and  opening markets for our farm commodities, financial services, and  manufacturing to the world marketplace.   His nomination should come as no surprise to the people of Iowa. We  have long known and benefited from the relationship Governor Branstad  has had with the people of China. A sister state relationship in 1983  has grown into a successful trade partnership that has benefited Iowa  farmers and businesses.   Perhaps most notably, Governor Branstad enjoys a 30-year friendship  with President Xi. Their first meeting took place in 1985 in Iowa when,  then a Provincial official, Xi led an agricultural delegation to Iowa.  President Xi visited Iowa again in 2012, when Governor Branstad was  back at the helm in his fifth term after a 12-year respite from being  Governor. Their relationship reflects genuine goodwill and, more  importantly, mutual respect.   Governor Branstad has never stopped working to expand Iowa's trade,  investment, and economic partnerships on the world stage, including  many trips to China. He will bring midwestern humility and level-headed  leadership to the job. He is a workhorse who is unafraid to get into  the trenches to get the job done. I have no doubt that he will stand  strong for American values, such as freedom of the press and religious  liberty, and that he will work to strengthen peace, stability, and  prosperity between our two nations.   Once he is confirmed, I am confident that Governor Branstad will  bring to bear his tireless commitment to solve problems and always move  the ball forward. Although his heart will always  [[Page S3060]]  be in Iowa, I know Governor Branstad will throw himself into this job  wholeheartedly.   Governor Branstad is uniquely qualified to help strengthen the trade,  economic, cultural, and geopolitical relationships between our two  countries. I am pleased that he has now been called to serve our entire  Nation, not just the State of Iowa, as Ambassador to China. I have  every confidence that he will represent the United States well and will  excel, just as he has throughout his entire public career.   Without reservation, then, I support this nomination. I also urge my  colleagues to join me in supporting this nomination.   Thank you very much.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time  has expired.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Branstad  nomination?   