 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House on account  of Columbus Day. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning  hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until  6:30 p.m. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for  morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House  will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week  are expected no later than 3 p.m.   Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next  week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business  tomorrow.   In addition, the House will consider S. 585, the Dr. Chris  Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act, sponsored by Senator Ron  Johnson. Dr. Kirkpatrick was a psychologist who was fired from the VA  medical center where he worked after raising concerns about patients'  medications. He committed suicide the day he was fired.   This bill will enhance whistleblower protections while ensuring  supervisors who retaliate against whistleblowers are punished. I look  forward to the House passing this bill and continuing our work to  fundamentally change the culture of the VA.   Mr. Speaker, I also expect the House to make a motion to go to  conference on the National Defense Authorization Act.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I expect the House to consider an additional  supplemental package to assist the ongoing recovery efforts following  Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The gentleman is correct. The White House has sent up a supplemental,  and I do not believe this will be the last of the supplementals, based  on the damage that has been done from the numerous hurricanes. But,  yes, there will be more money for the Disaster Relief Fund to help  throughout Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.   As you know, too, the West had devastating forest fires, so there is  roughly $577 million there. And the National Flood Insurance Program  has hit a ceiling. To deal with all of the flooding that has gone on,  we have to deal with that, as well.   The Appropriations Committee has just received that last night. They  are working through it now. I don't intend on seeing other things with  it. I look forward to the Member working with me on that to make sure  we get it right from what the President has asked.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Yes, we are dealing with the DACA situation and the situation along  the border.   As you know, the Speaker has put together a task force. They have met  numerous times. I have had dinner with the President just this week  dealing with this issue, and you and I have talked, as well.   I think the best way to solve this problem, to make sure we get to  the root cause, we have to secure the border, we have to deal with  DACA, and, more importantly, I think we do it in a manner where we are  all working together.   I am, as you know, not a fan of a discharge petition. I think the  best way to handle this is continuing to work through the matter with  the committees--and on your side of the aisle, as well--to solve this  problem. The President gave us 6 months. I would like to get this done  before then.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the  House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10:30 a.m. tomorrow; and  further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on  Tuesday next, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and  2 p.m. for legislative business.   