 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Lee) for her vision in making sure Congress votes on matters of  war and peace.   When we were attacked, after 9/11, I, like many Americans, supported  strikes on the people who attacked us. But no one in this country would  have thought that a resolution would be used for perpetual war.   Madam Speaker, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee) had the  courage back then and the foresight to stand up with courage and stand  up against a resolution that has provided a blank check for the last 16  years. I do believe that that is the type of political courage that one  day will be remembered in history, and I applaud the gentlewoman for  that.   We have seen that, since 2001, the terrorists, which were contained  on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, have spread. They have spread to  the Middle East. They have spread to Africa. And it is about time that  we ask: What have all these interventions gotten us?   And this is not a partisan issue, as the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Lee) has mentioned and as the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr.  Jones) just articulated. It goes back to our founding principles of  John Quincy Adams, an early President who said: ``We ought not to go  overseas to slay monsters.''   And he said the reason we shouldn't do that is we should give people  who seek freedom our voice and our prayers; but if we go out to destroy  monsters, we actually will be seen not as a liberating force, but as a  dictatorial force because we often won't know who the truly freedom- seeking people are.   I wish every Member of Congress, every Senator would read John Quincy  Adams' insight so that we had more restraint.   Consider the issue of Afghanistan, where 40 percent of the country is  not under our control. And here is the thing: I know this region. I was  born here. But being of South Asian origin, on the Pakistan-India  border, where there are 3,000 terrorists, there are 150,000 troops to  take care of that.   Does anyone think sending 10,000 troops again and again has  accomplished anything?   It has not. All it is doing is further antagonizing people and  putting our troops at risk.   Then when we called for regime change in 2011 with Syria and Assad,  we made Syria a magnet for terrorist groups. Now in Yemen, where we are  aiding the Saudi Arabian Government, which is aligned, ironically, with  al-Qaida, and al-Qaida, which has claimed responsibility for the shoe  bomber and the underwear bomber in this country, we are aiding and  intervening in a place where we are actually supporting groups that are  harming us.   All the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee) is saying is we ought  to debate these issues, that the American people ought to know what  these interventions are getting us; why they are not making us more  safe and why we are not having a thoughtful policy.   Madam Speaker, I applaud the gentlewoman from California's (Ms. Lee)  vision and I applaud her leadership. I know that history will vindicate  her.   