 Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by thanking Chairman  Royce and Ranking Member Engel for their bipartisan leadership and the  model that they show all of us on this committee in the work that they  do together, and for their mentorship as well.   I would also like to thank and applaud my colleague and friend, Mike  Gallagher, for his leadership on this bill, and for working so closely  to get this done. We are very grateful to him for his work here.   The Shields Act that I rise in support of right now will sanction  Hezbollah members and their supporters for the use of human shields. It  also seeks to punish the governments that enable such war crimes,  including their primary supporter, Iran.   This summer, I visited Israel and I stood near Lebanon's southern  border, not far from where Hezbollah threatens Israel's security. In  the over 30 years since Hezbollah in 1983 killed hundreds of Americans  when it bombed the Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, they have become  one of the most dangerous terrorist organizations, not only in Lebanon,  but across the entire Middle East.   In 2006, it provoked a war with Israel by killing and kidnapping  soldiers in cross-border raids, and then for nearly a month rained  rockets down on Israel cities, killing dozens of civilians. Journalists  and human rights groups found that it fired many of these rockets from  populated areas, even from inside private homes and other civilian  buildings.   That war ended more than a decade ago, but Hezbollah remains  committed to Israel's destruction. It has spent millions to replenish  its arsenal, which now includes up to 150,000 missiles scattered across  southern Lebanon, much of it concealed in mosques, hospitals, schools,  and homes where civilians are used as human shields.   Hezbollah has continued its provocative actions on the border between  Lebanon and Israel. It has killed and wounded Israeli soldiers. It has  threatened bombings of gas fields and chemical plants. It has tried to  smuggle advanced weapons into Lebanon. It has built an expansive  network of tunnels through civilian neighborhoods. The civilians caught  in its destructive web of terror would have no safe haven if Hezbollah  started a war.   Hezbollah has also expanded its nefarious activities regionally, most  notably playing a major role in the Syrian civil war, deploying  thousands of its own men to prop up Bashar al-Assad's vicious regime.  Hezbollah members are fighting alongside a Syrian army that has killed  almost half a million of its own people and driven millions more into  exile.   In the process, it has trained for its next war with Israel. The  Israeli intelligence official have said that the group has learned  frightening skills in urban warfare from its years on the ground in  Syria. It did all of this, of course, at the behest of its Iran patrons  who continue threatening to rain warheads down into Jerusalem and Tel  Aviv.   From Iraq to Gaza, from Yemen to Bahrain, Iran's proxies have been at  the center of the chaos consuming the Middle East. But Hezbollah  remains Iran's oldest and deadliest proxy, and its actions in Syria  deserve particular attention.   In town after town, Hezbollah's militants prevented civilians from  fleeing the Assad regime artillery. Activists have accused the group of  carrying out mass killings and torturing refugees and other civilians.  Hezbollah is one of the main reasons Assad's murderous regime continues  to stay in power in 2017. Hezbollah is not only a threat to the people  beyond Lebanon's border, it is a threat to the Lebanese people. The  U.N. has implicated Hezbollah in the assassination of a Lebanese Prime  Minister. Its use of civilians as human shields endangers the Lebanese  people every moment of every day.    I applaud the leadership and the members of the Foreign Affairs  Committee for continuing to find ways to crack down on Hezbollah and  Iran.   Today there are four suspension bills on the calendar: H.R. 1698, the  Iran Ballistic Missiles and International Sanctions Enforcement Act,  which prevents Iran from undertaking any activity related to advancing  their ballistic missiles program; H.R. 3329, Hizballah International  Financing Prevention Amendments Act of 2017, which restricts  Hezbollah's ability to raise money and recruit for their nefarious  activities; H. Res. 359, which urges our European allies to drop their  false distinction between Hezbollah's political  [[Page H8182]]  wing and its military wing, and designate them in their entirety as a  terrorist organization; and, finally, my and Mr. Gallagher's  legislation, H.R. 3342, the Shields Act.   We must pass these four bills to continue to reduce the influence of  a group and its primary backer, Iran, that have menaced their neighbors  and their own people for far too long. By passing H.R. 3342, the  bipartisan Shields Act, we will send a strong message that the United  States of America will not stand for the use of innocent civilians as  pawns in the destructive chess game of Iran's and Hezbollah's effort to  destabilize the region and the West.   Mr. Speaker, I applaud my colleague, Congressman Gallagher, for his  leadership. I am proud to join him in this effort. I ask my colleagues  for their support.   