 Mr. President, I rise to speak for a few minutes on the  AHCA, which is the healthcare bill that was recently passed in the  House.   I believe the letters stand for ``anti-healthcare bill'' as there are  many troublesome aspects of this bill--kicking something like 20  million people off of health insurance and compromising essential  benefits. It is what I call a ``fig leaf'' preexisting condition  provision, which does not provide adequate funding in order to actually  protect people with preexisting conditions.   Yet what I really want to focus on today are two interrelated  provisions--a massive cut to Medicaid and a massive tax cut for the  wealthiest Americans. By the way, that tax cut gives a zero tax cut to  anyone making less than $200,000 a year. I will talk about that in a  moment.   Let's talk about the Medicaid cuts, however. This is a part of the  bill that has not gotten much attention. It is $840 billion over 10  years. It will be about a 10-percent cut of Medicaid funds in Maine. It  is hard to get an actual analysis of that, however, because the House  bill was passed without any Congressional Budget Office analysis--none,  zero. Unbelievably, the Members of the House voted for a bill that  they, literally, did not know the financial effects of--how it would  affect the States, how it would affect the people in their States.  Maybe, next week, we will get that analysis. Certainly, this body will  not act in that way with no Congressional Budget Office analysis.   Let's talk for a minute about who is on Medicaid, as 34 percent of  the people on Medicaid are children, 20 percent are disabled people,  and 18 percent are elderly. In other words, almost three-quarters--75  percent--are children, disabled, and elderly people. Many people talk  about and think about Medicaid as some kind of welfare program. This is  an essential lifeline for some of the most vulnerable people in our  society--children, the disabled, and the elderly--75 percent--and 75  percent of the funding goes to disabled and elderly people.   The people who sponsored this bill and who are talking about it  across the country talk about flexibility. Yes, there are some cuts,  but we are giving the States flexibility. That is nonsense. They are  giving the States flexibility to make decisions between funding  programs for the elderly and programs for children, between cutting off  programs for opioids and providing support for people who are disabled.  That is not flexibility. That is just passing agonizing choices off to  the States. I was a Governor, and I know about having to make these  kinds of decisions. To cut this money by this huge amount--almost $1  trillion over 10 years--and act as though it can all be made up through  some kind of fake flexibility is just an unspeakably cruel way to shift  this burden to the States.   The bill talks about saving on the deficit. It saves on the deficit  because $840 billion is shifted to the States. Let them pay it--shift  and shaft. That is what it is--shift and shaft. Shift the cost and  shaft the States, particularly the people in those States who depend  upon these programs--those people being the disabled, the elderly,  children, people with disabilities, and those who are struggling to  defeat the scourge of opioids and opioid addiction.   I want to talk about some people today. I want to talk about this  guy, Dan Humphrey. He is 28 years old and lives in a group home in  Lewiston, ME. He has autism and is nonverbal. He has some bipolar  characteristics and a seizure disorder but is gentle and charming, and  you can see his smile. He has very basic functional communication  skills. He enjoys jumping on a trampoline and drumming. He performs all  of his chores to care for himself, with prompting and guidance, such as  laundry and grocery shopping. He is proud of his volunteer jobs. He  serves Meals on Wheels to clients through the week, and he takes excess  food from a nearby college to a local soup kitchen every Saturday.   Daniel needs around-the-clock support in order to maintain this  quality of life. When this level of programming was unavailable or is  unavailable, he regresses and becomes aggressive. Even at current  funding, Daniel is one of the lucky ones, as he is not on a waiting  list. Although he qualified for services, it took him 8 years to get a  home and a community-based service waiver for him to be able to live  the life he does. He is in a group home in the wonderful city of  Lewiston, ME, where he lives today. He is contributing. He has a decent  life.   By the way, this is all about people. It really bothers me that we  talk about policy and ideology and free markets and flexibility. We are  talking about people. We are talking about real people whose lives are  on the line--people who are struggling with opioid addiction, elderly  people who have no place to go, and disabled people like Dan and like  Lidia Woofenden.   Here is Lidia. She graduated from Mt. Ararat High School in June. She  turns 21 in August. That is the high school my kids went to. I had two  boys graduate from that high school. When she was 4 years old, she was  diagnosed with a delayed growth of myelin on her brain, and, at 15, she  began having seizures and was diagnosed with a rare genetic disorder.  She lives with intellectual disabilities, seizures, and their side  effects, as well as with a general lack of physical coordination. Yet,  as her mom says, that is not who she is. She is charming and funny. Her  mom calls her friendly and goofy and the stubbornest cuss.   She was never expected to read but is now on her fourth Harry Potter  book. She was never expected to ride a bike, but now she does. She even  has a job. After years of volunteering at a local nursing home, she was  offered a part-time job and is doing well. She is doing this because  she had support from Medicaid. She cannot cross a street by herself,  and she needs to be reminded to brush her teeth. She has no sense of  money or danger. On the one hand, she is 20 years old; on the other  hand, she is 6 years old. In other words, like most young people, she  is complicated. Everything she has achieved has been accomplished with  the help of dedicated teachers and therapists and has been almost  exclusively funded through special education in the public schools and  by Medicaid.   By the way, Medicaid provides help to the tune of $26 million a year  to children in Maine schools who need it. One of the amendments passed  at the last minute in the House puts that funding through the schools  in jeopardy. She has made monumental gains, but she will never be able  to live alone.   What happens when we make these cuts? What happens to Lidia? What  happens to Dan?   In the old days, they were warehoused. They were in facilities that  were far away--out of sight, out of mind--or with their parents, who  had to bear the burden, who themselves could not work because they had  to take care of the children. These are just two people--two examples-- of what we are talking about here.   Who will speak for them? Who will stand up for them?   I will, and I hope this body will. We are the last bulwark between  this terrible piece of legislation that was passed in the House and  these people and millions like them across the country. Who will stand  up for them?   Why are we doing this? Why are we putting States through the ringer  of having to make decisions to choose between Lidia and an elderly  person in a nursing home and between a child and a young man who is  trying to beat opioids? Why are we forcing them to make those choices?   It is because we want to give a huge tax cut to the wealthiest  Americans, and I am talking about a huge tax cut. It is the most skewed  tax cut in history because it only goes to a few people. Seventy-nine  percent of the benefit of this tax cut goes to millionaires, which is  an average tax cut of $54,000 a year. Now, $54,000 a year to  multimillionaires--the top one-tenth of 1 percent, those with incomes  above $6 million--would receive tax cuts of more than $250,000 a piece  in 2025 under this legislation.   We are putting people like this at risk in order to have somebody buy  another Maserati. It is unbelievable that  [[Page S2987]]  this body would even consider making that tradeoff. That is what we are  talking about here. Let's be very clear. It is an equation of lost  Medicaid benefits, a gigantic tax cut. That is what this bill is all  about. If you make between $500,000 and $1 million, you will see a  $4,000 tax cut, which is not so egregious as higher up, and if you are  under $200,000 a year, you get zero.   This doesn't even masquerade as a middle-class tax cut. This is one  of the most inequitable, cruel, and unconscionable pieces of  policymaking I have ever seen. I think we need to be clear about that.  If we don't stand up for Dan, Lidia, and millions like them--old and  young, living in the shadows of our society, asking for nothing more  than the ability to do the slightest things we take for granted, like  crossing the street, having a job, dressing, feeling they are  contributing--to take that away, to force States to make those  decisions--and make no mistake, they are going to have to make those  decisions. You simply can't cut the amount of money that is proposed in  this bill--which will expand over time, by the way--and still expect  the services to be the same or better through some kind of flexibility.  That is nonsense. It would be bad enough, except to do it because of a  massive tax cut to the people who least need it--that is what really  makes this unacceptable.   I know that people in this body are working on an alternative to the  bill in the House, and I hope this can be an open process where all of  us participate, where we are able to contribute ideas and amendments  and thoughts. Particularly, I want us to think about the fact that we  are the last line of defense. We are the last line of defense for  people who can't speak up. In the case of my friend Dan, he literally  can't speak up. We are who they are counting on, between us, and if it  weren't for us, they would have no one to think about and demand that  they be treated fairly and respectfully in the richest society on  Earth. I hope we can do better. I know we can.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   