 Mr. Speaker, as we approach Veterans Day, our Nation is  still faced with the epidemic of veteran suicide. And while the VA has  made it a priority to address this problem, there are still many combat  veterans left without access to VA mental healthcare services.   Here is what we know. An average of 20 veterans commit suicide daily.  VA evidence suggests a decrease in suicide risk among those who have  received VA healthcare services. In May 2017, the Government  Accountability Office found that 62 percent of the over  91,000 servicemembers who were separated for misconduct from 2011 to  2015 had been diagnosed with PTSD, TBI, or other conditions that would  be associated with misconduct.    Of those veterans, 23 percent, or 13,282, received an other than  honorable discharge, leaving them without access to VA's critical  mental healthcare services.   As a Marine Corps combat veteran, I like to live by the rule that we  never leave anyone behind. Unfortunately, the military routinely used  the other than honorable discharge to rid itself of combat veterans who  were designated as having disciplinary problems and who often had  documented medical histories of PTSD, rather than providing them with  the treatment and rehabilitation they so desperately needed.   While the correlation between their mental health condition and minor  misconduct could be linked, this fact made no difference to their  character of discharge.   Mr. Speaker, my legislation, H.R. 918, the Veteran Urgent Access to  Mental Healthcare Act, seeks to correct this. Historically, a veteran  with an other than honorable discharge has been able to seek VA care  for a service-connected disability. However, due to the way these  combat veterans were discharged and because of a failure to connect the  dots between their minor misconduct and their mental health condition,  the Department of Defense has failed to recognize this as a problem.   H.R. 918 will stay with tradition and correct this disconnect by  authorizing mental healthcare services for these other than honorably  discharged combat veterans. This bill also requires an initial mental  health assessment and directs the VA Secretary to establish a formal  character of service determination process to trigger reviews of their  discharges for potential eligibility for VA benefits.   Mr. Speaker, before the rate of veteran suicides increases any more,  it is time to right this wrong and permanently authorize mental  healthcare services for some of our Nation's most vulnerable veterans.  When someone puts on the uniform, they take an oath to defend our  freedoms. We, in turn, as a nation, promise to make sure they receive  the care and the services they need after returning from the  battlefield.   As we approach Veterans Day, I encourage my colleagues to keep that  promise for these combat veterans with other than honorable discharges  and to  [[Page H8552]]  support the passage of H.R. 918. I thank Chairman Roe and Ranking  Member Walz for their support of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2123, the  Veterans E-Health and Telemedicine Support Act of 2017.   Under current law, VA healthcare providers must possess a current,  unrestricted license issued by a State to practice medicine at a VA  facility. However, VA providers are restricted from practicing  telemedicine across State lines. This limits the VA's continued  expansion of telemedicine and, as a result, reduces the accessibility  of healthcare for so many veterans.   As technology continues to evolve and Congress considers what the VA  of the 21st century should look like, there is no doubt that methods  like telemedicine, coupled with more regulatory flexibility, are long  overdue.   Geographical location in our country is no longer a challenge thanks  to modern technology. VA healthcare providers should have the  opportunity to practice telemedicine across State lines to provide  medical advice to our veterans that is more timely and responsive to  the patient's needs.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the passage of H.R.  2123.    Mr. Speaker, last year, the VA's suicide data report  revealed that an average of 20 veterans a day committed suicide. A year  later, our Nation is still faced with this epidemic.   While the VA is seeing high rates in calls to the Veterans Crisis  Line, there is no overarching approach to ensure the VA is effectively  preventing future suicide attempts and integrating the hotline  information into VA's mental healthcare services.   H.R. 4173, the Veterans Crisis Line Study Act, would address that  critical gap in oversight. This bill would require the VA to study the  outcomes of the VA's Veterans Crisis Line while protecting the privacy  and anonymity of the veteran callers.   As a proud cosponsor of H.R. 4173, I believe it is critical that  Congress ensures this emergency resource for our veterans struggling  with PTSD or other mental health conditions is working as it should.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the passage of H.R.  4173.   