 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the President's  action last week stepping away from certifying Iran's compliance with  the nuclear deal that was negotiated between the U.S. allies and the  nation of Iran.   National security is about military power, but there is more to it  than that. America's strength also comes from the power to use  diplomacy.   In October 1945, President Harry Truman, my favorite President,  changed the seal of the Office of the President to have the eagle face  the olive branches of diplomacy instead of the arrows of war,  signifying that America would also prefer that we use diplomacy first.  In modern times, our judgments to go to war rather than use diplomacy  have been flawed. Under this administration, diplomacy, in my view, is  under assault, and that is why I rise today.   We see a decimated State in the USAID budget. We see bellicose  rhetoric from the President. We see efforts to undermine, publicly,  American diplomats engaged in negotiations. We see the refusal to even  nominate key State Department diplomatic appointees.   As of last week, the administration has not put forward a nominee for  approximately 52 percent of high-level positions at the State  Department that require approval by the Senate. Thirty-two countries do  not yet have Ambassadors in place, and that includes no nomination from  the White House for Ambassadors to key countries like South Korea,  Egypt, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar. No one has been nominated for  Assistant Secretary for Arms Control, for Assistant Secretary for  International Security and Nonproliferation, for Assistant Secretary  for Near Eastern Affairs, Assistant Secretary for South and Central  Asian Affairs, or for East Asian and Pacific Affairs.   How serious can the administration be about nuclear threats with no  Ambassador to South Korea or no ambassadorial nomination for the key  State Department official around nonproliferation? And the President  has repeatedly undercut his Secretary of State's diplomatic efforts  with North Korea.   President Trump's most recent action--his recent attack on  diplomacy--is the decision to decertify the Iran deal, and I think this  could be the most dangerous yet. By stepping back from a diplomatic  deal that the United States made with the global community that is  clearly working, the President is publicly undercutting diplomatic  negotiations, and he is setting us on a road where military options  become increasingly more likely. I will state it bluntly. If you weaken  diplomacy, you raise the risk of unnecessary war, and that is what this  President is doing.   First, President Trump's refusal to make the Iran certification and  his threat to abandon the nuclear deal with Iran recalls the disastrous  U.S. entrance into the Iraq war in 2003, where intelligence was  politicized, and the administration repeatedly made false claims to  justify going to war--a war of choice--to overthrow Saddam Hussein.   The Bush administration insisted that regime change in Iraq was  necessary, and it insisted on that because of the claim of Iraq's  continuing productions of weapons of mass destruction.   In March of 2003, the IAEA came out and said there was no credible  evidence that Iraq had a program of weapons of mass destruction and  that there was no evidence they had revived the nuclear program they  shelved in the 1990s, but the Bush administration would not accept that  claim. It did not fit with the narrative they were selling to the  American people about Saddam Hussein so they said the IAEA was wrong.  They said we needed to initiate war--one that has proven so costly to  Virginians and to Americans in treasure and in regional stability but  especially in American lives--to prevent Iraq from obtaining weapons of  mass destruction.   We went to war. It turned out the scientists and the technicians and  the IAEA were right. Iraq didn't have a program of weapons of mass  destruction. The politicians who tried to undermine the credibility of  the international agencies were wrong. Of course, the consequences of  that decision are significant. Ironically, you  [[Page S6599]]  could claim--I believe there is strong evidence--that decision in 2003  has today led to greater Iranian influence in Iraq and the region and a  proliferation of extremist groups that didn't exist before.   We are now hearing the Trump administration make similar claims about  Iran; that Iran will soon enough have a nuclear weapons program, that  the IAEA cannot be trusted, that Iran supports al-Qaida, and from a  Republican colleague: ``The policy of the United States should be  regime change in Iran,'' and from Secretary of State Tillerson, we need  a ``peaceful transition'' of the Iranian Government.   We should stop to think, Is this really about the nuclear deal or is  it about beginning a drumbeat from the administration to march the  United States toward another preventable war in the Middle East?   Second, while threatening to unilaterally terminate the nuclear deal  at any time, President Trump also wants to revisit the terms of the  deal to address what he sees as its flaws.   This isn't new. Since the day the deal was announced, some critics  have argued that we could get a better deal or push for an alternative.  I wasn't then, nor am I now, interested in the world of hypotheticals.  I am interested in the world of facts. The fact is, the deal is  working, and it is dramatically better than the alternative for at  least 15 years or possibly longer.   Additionally, if we want to renegotiate the deal, Iran will seek to  do the same. If we take a step back from the deal, Iran will take a  step back, and what will they ask for--that they get to now increase  centrifuges or get some of their enriched uranium back? I don't want to  give Iran one thing back from this deal, but if we step back from a  deal that is working and say we want to renegotiate, they will, too,  and I don't think we should tolerate that.   Most wars start because of miscalculations. The notion that we can  renegotiate the deal just on our side and the other side wouldn't think  of renegotiation is magical thinking. The U.S. entrance in World War I  100 years ago started with miscalculations--most nations do. A  miscommunication, a misunderstanding, another step, another step, and  you are at war. We should be very, very wary.   I and all of us are very willing to go after Iran on the nonnuclear  front. It was just 2 months ago that we passed--I think unanimously;  maybe there was one ``no'' vote in this body--a set of stiff sanctions  against Iran, North Korea, and Russia. We have given the power to the  President to impose more sanctions on Iran for bellicose behavior, for  activities in other countries, for violations of human rights, and for  violating U.N. Security Council resolutions on their missile program.  The President should use the sanctions power we just gave him to go  after Iran's activities that violate international norms and make  America less safe. But when the IAEA, our allies, the head of the Joint  Chiefs of Staff, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of State  all say that with respect to the nuclear deal, Iran is complying, we  should avoid stepping back on that deal, lest we suggest that the  United States cannot be trusted in good faith to follow a deal.   Third, I worry about the timing of this effort to step away from the  Iran deal with respect to the imminent threat. I hear concerns about  the Iran deal and what Iran might be able to do in year 8 or year 10 or  year 15. Let me tell you about something I am worrying about this  month, and that is the North Korean nuclear program.   We have been in briefings, and we hear the Secretary of Defense and  the Secretary of State say to us and say to the world: The United  States will always push for a diplomatic solution. We are never out of  diplomatic solutions.   But let's be candid. What are the chances of a diplomatic solution  with North Korea that would end or dramatically limit their nuclear  weapons ambitions? I don't think the chances are high. I would say they  are 20 percent at best. They are not zero, but they are not high,  either. But if there is any chance of a diplomatic negotiation and a  diplomatic end to this program, don't we owe it to the American public  and don't we owe it to our troops to seek to exhaust and explore it? Of  course we do. Yet every time Secretary of State Tillerson talks about  trying to have some diplomatic outcome to pressure the Chinese to use  leverage against North Korea, the President pours cold water on him.   I would argue that stepping back from the Iran deal sends an  unmistakable signal to North Korea if I am right, and there is even a  small chance of a diplomatic resolution. But the message we send to  North Korea is that the United States will back out of a nuclear deal  even when it is being complied with. I think we drive the chances of a  diplomatic resolution with North Korea down to zero, and we should not  do that.   There is significant evidence that while Iran's nonnuclear behavior  is worthy of additional sanctions and pressure, the deal on the nuclear  program is working. Our closest European allies, U.S. intelligence  services, the IAEA, the P5--when I visit Israel and speak to national  security and intelligence leaders, such as Gadi Eisenkot, who is  essentially the equivalent of the head of our Joint Chiefs of Staff,  they say Iran is complying with the deal, and it is making the world  safer in the near and medium term. Secretary Dunford and General Mattis  have said the same thing.   The deal gives us more intelligence because we have inspections that  we didn't have before. We have more inspections, and we know more about  their program. In the first paragraph of the deal, on the first page of  the deal, Iran pledges to never purchase, acquire, or develop military  weapons. That promise, which is in perpetuity, gives us a legal  justification, if they ever break it, to take action, including  military action, to punish them for violating what they have signed. Do  we want to give Iran the ability to step back from that promise they  have made by stepping back ourselves when the deal is working?   Finally, the deal gives us a coalition. Our partners around the world  who have signed on to the deal, who have been witness to the Iranian  pledge, who know that Iran will have to permanently comply with the  additional protocol of inspections under the deal--if we move away from  the deal and Iran moves away from the deal, could we count on the  coalition partners being with us to try to put a deal back together  when it is we alone among the partners who have walked away from the  table? What coalition could we expect if we are the ones who walk away  from the table, if we say we are not interested in diplomacy? Then,  later, if we need to take military action against Iran after we walked  away from a deal, could we expect a coalition to support us in that?   I would like to conclude in this way: I think the President's  decision to step back from this diplomatic deal poses a real challenge  for this Congress. The President has done some things I agree with. He  has done a number of things I disagree with. He has done only one thing  that scares me, and it is this. I think that, together with defunding  the State Department and pouring cold water on diplomacy and not  filling key posts, this leads us closer to an unnecessary war. When you  reject diplomacy or weaken it, you run the risk of an unnecessary war.   I have had to cast two war votes in the Senate, both as a member of  the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I have been a city councilman,  a mayor, a Lieutenant Governor, and a Governor, and casting a war vote  is different from any vote you ever have to cast--any vote you ever  have to cast. I have a son in the military, and that makes that vote  different from any vote I have cast in 23 years in public life. As a  Member of Congress, I may have to cast other votes to go to war against  other nations, whether against nonstate terrorist groups or against a  nation like North Korea or even Iran if they break for nuclear weapons.  If I have to cast that vote, if I have to contemplate putting Congress  on record that we should go to war, I want to be able to look American  troops in the face and say: I exhausted every diplomatic option before  I cast this vote. I think that is an obligation we owe to the public  and to our troops. We have to exhaust diplomacy.   There may come a time when that eagle just cannot face the olive  branches of diplomacy, but we have to insist on military strength to  keep order in the world and protect Americans. But if we turn to those  arrows of  [[Page S6600]]  war, we should be able to look at our public and look at our troops and  say we exhausted diplomacy.   Stepping away from a diplomatic deal that is working is exactly the  wrong thing for us to do at this time. It is my hope that Congress will  not dignify what the President is doing in this regard and that we will  insist, yes, upon strict compliance and also insist upon sanctions  against Iran for nonnuclear behavior. But let's not be a nation that  refuses to keep its diplomatic commitments. The stakes are just too  high.   Mr. President I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 1249.    The amendment is a simple amendment, folks. It is about  transparency. Two years ago, the Senate passed a budget that added a  laudatory requirement to have a Congressional Budget Office score for  reconciliation legislation 28 hours in advance of voting on the  legislation. There are obvious benefits to the Members who are voting  and obvious benefits to the American public.   The budget resolution before us from committee repeals that  requirement. The majority has argued that it is unnecessary because the  requirement has never been triggered. But I remember that just a couple  of months ago, the Senate was debating healthcare legislation that  hadn't seen the light of day and didn't have a CBO score.   Do we really believe the answer to our problem is to make it easier  to pass legislation without knowing the cost? I think the 28-hour  requirement is worthy, it should be continued, and I think it should be  extended to include amendments in the nature of a substitute.   I ask all my colleagues to support transparency and not embarrass the  institution by enabling us to more easily pass important legislation  without the public knowing the score.   