 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the continuing resolution  before us today.   First, I'd like to acknowledge the Chairman of the Appropriations  Committee, Chairman Frelinghuysen.   Under his leadership, the Committee reported, and the whole House  considered and passed, all twelve appropriations bills for fiscal year  2018. That doesn't happen very often anymore, and the fact that we did  it this year is a credit to our Chairman.   We've heard complaints about considering another CR rather than full  appropriations bills. And I agree that continuing resolutions aren't an  ideal solution to funding our government. Ideally, all twelve  appropriations bills would be enacted by October 1st.   That process provides the Congress with its best opportunity to set  priorities across government programs, and it provides the most  stability for agencies to carry out those programs in an efficient and  effective manner.   But sometimes we need more time to complete those negotiations. For  example, in 2010, the Democrats controlled both the House, the Senate,  and the White House. Guess what happened when they hadn't completed the  appropriations process on time?   They passed a CR until the end of September. When they hadn't  completed their work yet, they passed another CR until December 2nd.  When they hadn't completed their work--they passed another CR until  December 22.   Then, when we took the majority, we ended up finishing the  appropriations process.   So while CR's aren't ideal, supporting a CR to keep our government  functioning is the only responsible vote today--for national security,  for our economy, and for the general welfare of the American people.   As Chairman of the Energy and Water subcommittee, I am very familiar  with the positive impacts the federal government has in each of these  areas--whether it's the Department of Energy maintaining our nuclear  weapons stockpile, the Corps of Engineers dredging our ports and  waterways so goods and materials can move freely, or the Bureau of  Reclamation providing tens of millions of people with water.   We must avoid disruptions to these vital activities by passing the  continuing resolution before us today and then working towards  completing our work on final appropriations bills as quickly as  possible.   Will we get all our work done by the end of this next CR? I don't  know.   But one thing I can guarantee is that we will not get it done by  tomorrow, and a vote against this resolution is a vote to shut down the  government.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the continuing resolution.   