 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to express serious concern  about reports in the press that the administration is considering deep  cuts in funding to crucial aspects of our Nation's national security  and our homeland security to pay for the construction of a border wall  and also for a crackdown on illegal immigration.   The first target that alarmed me was America's maritime guardian, the  U.S. Coast Guard.   Even as the administration says it plans to secure the borders and  increase funding for our military by $54 billion, which, in fact, may  be a good thing, it is reportedly considering cuts on the nondefense  side--and that includes the Department of Homeland Security--with a cut  of $1.3 billion, or 12 percent, to the very military service that  secures our vast maritime borders, and that is the Coast Guard. That  plan just doesn't make any sense, especially when it comes to securing  our borders. You would be putting a bunch of money in a wall, but you  are losing the security of the border over here on the oceans.   The 42,000 member-strong Coast Guard plays a vital role in protecting  our Nation from narcoterrorism, combating human smuggling, preventing  and responding to maritime environmental disasters, and protecting  lives and property at sea.   By the way, in other foreign parts of the globe, the U.S. Coast Guard  is assisting the U.S. military in our military operations.   If securing our borders and supporting our military is a true  priority for the administration, then it ought not be slashing the  Coast Guard's budget. Instead, we should be supporting the Coast  Guard's ongoing and much needed fleet recapitalization program,  including the design and construction of the new offshore patrol cutter  and the continued production of the new fast response cutter. These are  desperately needed assets for the Coast Guard.   This Senator has personally visited dozens of Coast Guard units all  around, not just in my State of Florida but in Alaska, the Great Lakes.  The job the Coast Guard does is amazing. What I have witnessed  firsthand is what they do in service to our country.   The constant theme I have heard from my visits is the need to  modernize and become increasingly more nimble, given the host of  threats that could be delivered from our maritime borders. Let me give  just one example.   In the Caribbean, it is a Coast Guard admiral who heads up the task  force that has all agencies of government participating as we look to  protect the southern borders in the Caribbean, as well as the southern  Pacific, from anything that is coming to our borders--drugs, migrants,  terrorists, whatever. It is all agencies involved, but if, for example,  there are U.S. Navy ships in the area or Air Force assets in the air  that might pick up one of these threats coming toward America, they  work hand-in-glove with the Coast Guard because it is the Coast Guard  that has the legal authority as a law enforcement agency to stop,  apprehend, and board that vessel.   We are doing all of this border protection with cutters that have an  average age of 45 years old. The average age of a Coast Guard 210-foot  medium endurance cutter is 48 years old. The Coast Guard's high  endurance cutter average age is 45 years. These are just two classes of  ships that the Coast Guard uses for interdiction and rescue missions,  and they do it worldwide.   As you may expect, with assets this old, the Coast Guard struggles  with major, mission-debilitating casualties, which result in severe  losses of operational days at sea and drastically increases maintenance  costs. To correct that, the new offshore patrol cutters and the fast  response cutters will give the Coast Guard an effective coastal and  offshore interdiction capability in order to meet objectives. What are  they? Combating transnational organized crime networks, securing our  national maritime borders, safeguarding waterborne commerce, and  safeguarding life and property at sea.   Looking at the administration's second target to pay for the wall,  what is the second target? Believe it or not, FEMA, the Federal  Emergency Management Administration. That agency comes to the aid of  millions of Americans during any kind of natural disaster, and they are  singling that out for cuts? That doesn't make common sense, and it  certainly is not going to be a popular thing to do in the eyes of those  who have to turn to FEMA after a natural disaster to try to get their  lives back on track.   Last year, just taking 1 year as an example, two major hurricanes hit  Florida, in addition to many other devastating natural disasters that  struck nationwide and resulted in many deaths and billions of dollars  of damage. FEMA was critical to people's survival and recovery in each  of those events. Just think of what we hear on the news all the time.  There are storms, tornadoes, earthquakes. Remember the mountain that  erupted out in the State of Washington decades ago, not to mention  hurricanes.   For the sake of people's safety and that of our country, we simply  cannot use FEMA as a piggy bank to pay for the administration's  trillion-dollar spending programs.   The administration's third target--this has just been reported. What  is the third target? You are not going to believe this. It is TSA, the  Transportation Security Administration. If we target TSA for budget  cuts--is that really what we want to do in a threat environment? Every  time we go through an airport, TSA is on the frontlines of protecting  our country from terrorist attacks. That is its security mission at  airports across the country--and, by the way, with the air marshals who  fly on our flights. Need I remind the administration why TSA was  created? It was after the September 11 attacks in 2001.   Funding is vital to ensure the success of TSA's mission. In fact,  just last year Congress responded to concerns over insider threats and  security at airports, such as the bombings in Brussels and Istanbul,  with the most extensive security-related measures in years.  Specifically, what we did, particularly in the Commerce Committee when  we formulated the FAA bill, is we included bipartisan provisions  enhancing the background and vetting requirements for airport employees  and expanded the random and physical inspection of airport employees in  secure areas.   Remember the case at the Atlanta Airport? For several months, people  had a gun-running scheme going from Atlanta to New York. They didn't  drive up Interstate 95 to take the guns; they had an airport employee  in Atlanta  [[Page S1673]]  who could get into the airport, without being checked, carrying a sack  of guns. That airport employee would go up into the sterile area where  passengers are, go into the men's room, and would exchange knapsacks  with a passenger who had come through TSA clean, and that passenger  took the sack of guns on the airplane flight from Atlanta to New York.  The New York City Police Department couldn't figure out how they were  getting all those guns on the streets of New York. That was a gun- running scheme over several months. Thank goodness they were criminals  and not terrorists. And you want to cut that kind of security?   Do you want to cut the strongest security we have at an airport when  screening passengers who are going through? It is the nose of a dog,  the VIPR teams. The trained dog teams and their handlers are the most  efficient way to screen passengers. It is amazing what those dogs can  sense. When we did the FAA bill last year, we doubled the number of  VIPR teams, the dog teams, and you want to cut this? That was all done  in a bipartisan manner. We doubled the number for the protection of the  American public.   In that bill, we also expanded the grant funding to assist law  enforcement in responding to mass casualty and active-shooter  incidents, which is very important. Another tragic example of that is  the recent shooting in Fort Lauderdale at the airport.   To counter the issue of long lines, which I know we all had to go  through last spring, the legislation included provisions to expand TSA  Precheck and require the TSA to evaluate staffing and checkpoint  configurations in order to expedite passenger security screening.   Does that sound like a bunch of administrative mumbo jumbo? Perhaps.  Let me tell you that it works and that all of it is designed to protect  Americans going to airports and getting on airplanes.   None of this is possible without continued funding and, in fact, even  more funding. Any cuts are certainly going to impair the TSA's ability  to keep our country safe.   The bottom line here is that we must do whatever is necessary to keep  our country safe and our citizens secure. Slashing the budgets of the  U.S. Coast Guard or FEMA or the TSA is only going to make us less  secure.   Need I say more about these proposals to pay for some of these other  things, like a wall, by slashing these kinds of budgets?   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   