 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation my  colleague, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. Jenkins), has introduced  that would give Bob Dole the Congressional Gold Medal.   I am a liberal from Massachusetts, but Bob Dole is one of my heroes.  I admire him not only for his statesmanship and for his civility, but I  particularly admire him because he has led the effort in this country  and around the world to end hunger.   Nobody that I can think of, other than George McGovern, who worked  with Bob Dole during the 1970s, did more to try to strengthen our  nutrition programs and to make sure that nobody in this country, the  richest country in the history of the world, went hungry. And he worked  in a bipartisan way and ensured that these programs were strengthened  so that we were making great progress toward ending hunger in America.   And then he joined with George McGovern in the formation of the  McGovern-Dole International Food for Education Program. Essentially,  this is a program that expands school feeding initiatives all around  the world, and millions and millions and millions of children are not  only getting fed and getting a nutritious meal, but they are getting  fed in a school setting. So they are getting the nutrition they need,  and they are getting the education that they need so they can be  literate and hopefully lead their countries out of poverty.   The developing world cannot develop with an illiterate population,  and Senator Dole understood the importance of education but also the  importance of nutrition in helping people develop to their potential.   And this McGovern-Dole program has also been incredible in getting  more young girls into schools. In some countries where education isn't  valued for girls, all of a sudden parents are sending their girls to  school because they will get fed, and they will get the nutrition that  they need.   So Senator Dole, in my opinion, not only deserves this, but he  deserves the respect and admiration of everybody in this Chamber,  Democrat and Republican alike.    Mr. Speaker, he should be an example and an inspiration  to us all. These are very difficult times for our country, and these  are very tumultuous times in Washington, but you look at the example of  Senator Dole and you realize how good this place can be, how good  Congress can be, and how effective Congress can be.   You don't have to agree on everything to agree on something, and I  think that was Senator Dole's guiding principle. Where he could agree  with people on the other side of the aisle, he reached across and got  things done. Where there were disagreements, you know, he fought  passionately for his point of view.   But he represents the kind of civility and the kind of decency that  we need more of in Washington, and so I am  [[Page H6641]]  proud to support this legislation. I congratulate my colleague,  Congresswoman Jenkins, for leading this effort, and I urge all my  colleagues to support it.   