 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in  honoring our home, the great State of Illinois, on its bicentennial  anniversary of its statehood in 1813.   Over the next year, we are celebrating all that Illinois has  contributed to American history, culture, innovation, and more over the  past 200 years.   On December 3, 1818, Illinois became the 21st State to join this  Union. From humble beginnings with only 34,000 people, today, Illinois  is the fifth most populous State, with almost 13 million people. Then a  frontier prairie State, Illinois now sits firmly at the center of our  national life, playing an indelible role in fueling, building, and  transporting America's rise.   We are proud of our history as the Land of Lincoln, where, arguably,  our greatest U.S. President began his career, raised his family, and  first ran for office.   As we have talked about, Abraham Lincoln was not the only President  with roots in Illinois. President Grant and President Obama all called  Illinois home, and President Reagan was the only President who was  actually born in Illinois.   Illinois is my home, too, and like those Presidents, I wasn't born in  Illinois. I moved to Illinois 35 years ago--hard to believe it has been  that long--to attend college at Northwestern University, immediately  falling in love with this great State.   At Northwestern University, I met my wife. She grew up in Glencoe, we  settled in Deerfield. We have raised two boys, made our career and our  home in Illinois, and, most importantly, made our family in Illinois.   Some of the interesting things to share about Illinois: Illinois had  the first aquarium built in Chicago in 1893. The very first skyscraper  in the entire world was built in Chicago in 1885. The tallest building  in North America, formerly the Sears Tower, now the Willis Tower, is in  Chicago. Evanston, home to Northwestern University, is also the home to  the ice cream sundae.   Illinois has a lot to be proud of, and will continue to be. Illinois  has offered me and my family a tremendous opportunity, but now the task  before us--the 18 members of the Illinois delegation who stand before  you today thank you for organizing this. Our task now is to make sure  that Illinois continues to work to create the same and better  opportunities for the next generation.   Personally, I am incredibly lucky to represent the 10th District of  Illinois, which stretches from the edges of Cook County all the way  north along Lake Michigan to the borders of Wisconsin, from the lake  all the way west to Fox Lake. It is an incredible district. It is one  of the most thoughtful, engaged constituencies in all of Congress.   My constituents reach out and talk to me about what matters, what  they care about. They freely share their opinions, and I welcome the  opportunity to hear what is important, to hear their priorities and  values, and I have the greatest privilege in my life to represent them  in this great body.   What I hear about from my constituents is hope for the future, the  belief that Illinois, Chicago, the 10th District, is going to lead this  Nation. My district is a district that focuses on education because we  know that educating every one of our children, from kindergarten all  the way through high school, to college and even grad school, to making  sure all of our kids have the skills and lessons they need to succeed,  is the way we are going to continue to lead in a global economy.   When it comes to economy, my district has the fourth largest  concentration of manufacturing jobs of any district in the entire  country. We have innovation, we have manufacturing, we have  transportation, because we know, if we are going to grow our economy,  we are going to invent things in America, make them in America, and  ship them around the world; and Illinois and the 10th District of  Illinois is leading the way.   Our district has a great focus on the environment. I have the  privilege of representing the largest part of Lake Michigan in the  Illinois delegation; Lake Michigan that provides fresh  [[Page H10174]]  water to 30 million people. But Illinoisans know that we need to  protect our environment to invest in our future, to make sure that our  children have clean air, fresh water, and a good, healthy future. That  all comes out of Illinois.   For 200 years, Illinois has been a place where people could achieve  the promise of a better future. Looking to the future, we will continue  to succeed by offering high-quality education, good, well-paying jobs,  and a secure, dignified retirement for all our citizens.   I am proud to represent this great State. I am proud to have the  privilege to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle,  fighting for the priorities and values of Illinois. I am proud of the  history our State has provided; of the example we have given not just  today, but for 200 years. 2018 is going to mark the 200th anniversary  of the birth of the State of Illinois, but I know that our best days  still lie ahead of us. I know that, together, we are going to work to  make our future solid and our kids' opportunities secure.   