 Mr. President, if I could just pick up on the comments of  my colleague from Hawaii, we had a comical discussion 2 days ago in the  Democratic caucus lunch. Comedy isn't that unusual in a caucus with Al  Franken, but the comic discussion was about how we would describe to  the American public what a skinny repeal is. It was kind of phraseology  that we might understand; how do we describe that to the American  public? We took about half an hour to try to figure out how to do it,  but about 2 hours ago, one of our Republican colleagues did it in 5  seconds. He said--and this is the Senator from South Carolina--that the  skinny repeal is a fraudulent disaster. That is what Senator Graham  said--the skinny repeal is a fraudulent disaster. He did such a better  job than we did of describing what the bill is, and it is a fraudulent  disaster because it hurts people. It takes health insurance away,  according to the CBO, from 16 million people, and it would jack up  premiums in a compounding 20 percent this year, then an additional 20  percent--40 percent the next year. That is why it is a fraudulent  disaster.   But some Members, as was described by my colleague from Hawaii, are  entertaining that: Even though we call it a fraudulent disaster, we can  vote on it because, don't worry, the House will  [[Page S4395]]  create an opportunity for us to fix it and make it better. But the  comments of the Speaker, which had to be clarified a few minutes later  by his press spokesperson, have made absolutely plain that if this bill  passes out of the Senate, it is intended to be passed by the House  ASAP, and the President's spokesperson has said: We like this bill, and  the pen is in hand--we are ready to sign it.   So no one in this body should have any illusions: If the skinny  repeal--otherwise known as the fraudulent disaster--passes, it is not  to continue a process; it is to take health insurance away from 16  million people, and it will raise premiums dramatically. And that is  what the intent of this vote would be.   With that, Mr. President----    I will yield the floor for a question.    Well, to respond, Mr. President, to my colleague from  Oregon, one of the things we have seen in the first half year of this  administration is, whatever job report comes out month to month--comes  out at the beginning of each month, we are not seeing wage growth. We  are not seeing wage growth. So imagine that continuing forward-- essentially no wage growth and 20 percent increases in premiums that  then compound to 40 percent next year, 60 percent the year after that.  This will be devastating.   So if you put together the CBO consequences--16 million losing  insurance, the 20 percent compounding increases in premiums, a likely  dramatic destabilization of the insurance market, and then other  features that we hear are in the skinny bill--for example, if you take  funding away from Planned Parenthood--and 3 million women have decided  that is their choice, that is where they are going to get healthcare,  including many working women and women in working-class families--the  premium effect is going to be absolutely dramatic, and it will be  devastating to Virginians and Oregonians.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Connecticut.    Mr. President, I also rise with my colleagues,  tremendously moved by the powerful words of my friend from Hawaii: Why  can't you show compassion to others that you showed to me? That is a  haunting question, and I hope people will hear that not just with their  ears but with their hearts.   I also support the motion to do what we should have done in January-- to commit this important topic to the committee that has jurisdiction  over it.   A few years ago, there was a popular thing to do, and that was to  wear a button or bracelet with the letters WWJD. That button and  bracelet stood for ``What would Jesus do.'' I was on the floor the  other night, and I don't think that is a very hard question because in  Matthew 25, he basically tells us: I was sick and you cared for me. In  different translations: I was sick and you looked after me. I was sick  and you visited me. I was sick and you took care of me. I think the  answer to WWJD is pretty straightforward tonight.   I am going to talk about a different John McCain. John McCain, based  on the tremendously moving presentation he made on the floor the other  day, one that led us to a standing ovation because he talked about how  this body should work, he said that things weren't working here as they  should for the American public. He said we needed to fix the Senate and  be an example for the public. We needed to restore confidence, and the  way to do that would be to return to operate as the Senate should  operate, with putting bills in committees and having hearings and  listening to the public and, most importantly, listening to each other.   That is the process John McCain's committee just used, the Armed  Services Committee, to get a unanimous defense authorizing bill to the  floor, which I hope we will take up in the next few days.   I just want to spend a few minutes talking about if that is what we  should do. If those words led us to leap to our feet in a standing  ovation, why are we standing here 2 days later preparing to break every  suggestion and recommendation he made to us?   When should we start the process of listening to each other and  listening to the American public? Should we start on an inconsequential  issue that doesn't matter? I think now is the time to start. I think we  all know it is the time to start. If we didn't believe in our heart  that now was the time to start fixing this place, we wouldn't have  leapt to our feet and given Senator McCain a standing ovation. This is  the time, and this is the issue to start fixing this place and doing  what we do with the spirit that is worthy of the American people who  sent us here.   Why is now the right time? First, because this issue is so important  to people. You heard moving--moving--words from our friend from Hawaii  and our friend from New Jersey. We have all spent months going from  town to town in our States having people come plead with us for  solutions. I shared stories about being in the medical clinic in  [[Page S4407]]  Appalachia a week ago tomorrow and seeing the tremendous need in this  richest and most compassionate Nation on Earth.   There is nothing about a person's life that is more important than  their health. There is no expenditure that a human being ever makes  that is as important as an expenditure they make for their health. This  is the right issue to start fixing this place because it is important  to people.   It is important to the economy. This is the largest sector of the  American economy. We are proposing to reorient one-sixth of the  American economy on a snap vote, in the middle of the night, without  having a single hearing or listening to a single expert.   It is an important issue because we definitely need to hear from the  public. You know, committee hearings sound kind of wonky. We haven't  had a committee hearing. What does that mean? What it means is, we  haven't had a witness table where a patient or a doctor or the American  Cancer Society or others could stand up and share their points of view.  We need to listen, and if we don't listen, we will not get this right.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.    I ask unanimous consent for 2 minutes to close, Mr.  President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    I ask unanimous consent for 2 minutes to close, Mr.  President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    The time is right because the consequences are so severe:  16 million people lose insurance, 20 percent premiums compounding over  the years, insurance markets skyrocketing and unstable, and Planned  Parenthood defunded--the healthcare provider of choice for 3 million  women.   The final reason we should do this the right way, not the wrong way,  is what was said by Senator Graham just a few hours ago. He described  the bill that is now on the floor, the skinny repeal, the skinny bill,  as a policy is a disaster as a replacement for ObamaCare. It is a  fraud.   Is ``fraudulent disaster'' the best that the United States Senate can  do now? Is that now the bar we have to get over? If we can say  something is a fraudulent disaster, it is suddenly good enough to vote  for? That is salt in the wound of a family that is worried about their  sick child. That is salt in the wound of anybody who is worried about  what would happen to their family tomorrow. Will they lose insurance?  Will they pay more? Will they be blocked from going to Planned  Parenthood? If this body passes a bill that even Members who vote for  it claim is a fraudulent disaster, how do you think the American public  will view this body? How will they view the degree of care and concern  we exhibit to them?   This is not the best the Senate can do. We can do much better than  this, we must do much better than this, and I ask my colleagues to send  this to committee where we can listen to one another and get this  right.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   