 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to  me.   Mr. Speaker, Ronald Reagan had a unique gift of communicating in a  way that reflected the ideas and the thoughts of the American people.  He also understood that out-of-control government bureaucracy had a  well-deserved reputation of working in its own best interest, not in  the best interest of the American people.   President Reagan best defined this mistrust of government when he  stated: ``The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm  from the government and I'm here to help.''   The skepticism Americans have of their too-big-to-be-useful  government has only increased since Reagan spoke those words. And it is  rules and regulations, such as the one we are discussing here today,  that fosters the distrust Americans have of their government. The  CFPB's decision to ban arbitration with preference to class action  lawsuits will cause harm to both consumers and businesses.   Arbitration has proven to be an effective tool that benefits both  parties in a dispute, and has shown to be more favorable to consumers  than traditional litigation in the courts. The average compensation, as  you have heard, to consumers when using arbitration is $5,400. In  contrast, the average settlement for consumers in a class action  lawsuit is $32.   Not only is arbitration more financially beneficial to consumers, it  is less costly and less time-consuming than fighting through the  courts. Disputes which use arbitration are usually settled in 2 to 7  months; however, lawsuits can take an average of 2 years to settle.   Even the CFPB has recognized that arbitration is more efficient, less  costly, and more beneficial to consumers; so it boggles the mind trying  to figure out why they are pursuing a course that would harm Americans.   It is the responsibility of Congress to rein in government when it is  outside the constitutional boundaries of its office or pursues a course  of action that is harmful to the citizens. In this case, the CFPB is in  violation of both of these principles.   I support this legislation that would roll back the CFPB's ban on  arbitration.  [[Page H6275]]    Again, I thank the chairman for the time, and I thank the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Rothfus) for sponsoring this bill.   