 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from  California for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1719, the John Muir  National Historic Site Expansion Act. This bipartisan legislation will  expand the Martinez, California, historic site in my district that  celebrates the life and legacy of John Muir.   Muir was a lifelong conservationist, a leading advocate of the  National Park Service, and a cofounder of the Sierra Club. He worked to  establish and protect national parks, including Yosemite, Sequoia,  Grand Canyon, and Mount Rainier.   The John Muir National Historic Site, which includes the home where  he lived, covers 330 acres of Contra Costa County where Muir championed  the revolutionary idea that wild spaces should be set aside for all to  enjoy.   This bill would make it possible for the National Park Service to  accept a donation of 44 acres of land from the John Muir Land Trust,  improving access to the park and its scenic trails, including those on  Mount Wanda, named after Muir's eldest daughter.   The trail systems are accessible for hikers, bikers, and equestrians,  including critical connections to the 550-mile Bay Area Ridge Trail and  to nearby protected lands along the Franklin Ridge corridor.   As John Muir once said, ``everybody needs beauty, as well as bread,  places to play in . . . where nature may heal and cheer and give  strength to body and soul alike.''   Mr. Speaker, I thank my predecessor, Congressman George Miller, who  championed this bill. I also thank the Natural Resources Committee  chair, Chairman Bishop; Ranking Member Grijalva; the subcommittee  chairman, Mr. McClintock from California; and subcommittee ranking  member, Ms. Hanabusa for their leadership in bringing H.R. 1719 to the  floor today.   I am grateful for the support of 21 of my colleagues from both sides  of the aisle who cosponsored this legislation, and to Senator Kamala  Harris for leading the bill's counterpart in the U.S. Senate.   I also thank the John Muir Land Trust for its hard work and  dedication preserving and protecting this valuable parkland and  shoreline in Contra Costa County for future generations.   This legislation puts a fitting emphasis on the National Park  Service's centennial celebrations, helping to preserve the trails and  lands that surround the longtime home of the man known as the  ``father'' of the U.S. National Park Service.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bipartisan  legislation, the John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act.   