 Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand before you  today as we move to honor the legacy of Rutledge Pearson by naming the  Jacksonville Post Office in his honor. He was a tremendous leader.  Rutledge Pearson was a civil rights leader, an American history  teacher, and a distinguished baseball player. His legacy in  Jacksonville, and especially for civil rights, is long lasting, and  this is the fitting way to honor his contribution to our community.   As a young man, Rutledge Pearson had a successful baseball career, as  we heard from the Congressman, with the Birmingham Black Barons of the  Negro League. His talent granted him the opportunity to play major  league baseball in his hometown.   However, as we heard earlier, because of his race, the Jacksonville  Beach Seabirds rejected Pearson from joining the team. In fact, park  officials, as was stated also earlier, said that they would rather  close the park than to have this outstanding hero, baseball player, and  educator play in his hometown.   This experience prepared Pearson to pursue a career in education,  and, like most of us, when you pursue a career in education, you break  down a lot of barriers. Rutledge Pearson was elected president of the  Jacksonville branch of the NAACP and was later elected to be president  of the Florida State Conference of the NAACP.   He was known for his ability to attract young people, which all of us  do today, to get young people involved in the NAACP and many community  organizations. Pearson was instrumental as a leader in the fight for  civil rights. Little did I know that I would be on the floor speaking  for this great person whom I learned about many years ago in a history  class.   Pearson was instrumental in all of his efforts, especially locally  and nationally, helping change Jacksonville's culture as it is today in  its landscape.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for the time, and I urge a  ``yes'' vote to honor Rutledge Pearson for his contribution to the city  of Jacksonville and to our Nation.   Also, little did I know, in 1970, that I would be sitting in a class  in college with Rutledge Pearson's niece. It is so exciting to have  Congress honor this great leader among people throughout the State of  Florida.   