 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for  fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense,  for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department  of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal  year, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto,  disagree to the Senate amendment, and request a conference with the  Senate thereon.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise against the motion to instruct. I believe this is  the first motion to instruct that the House has voted on so far this  year and this Congress, so not all Members may not realize that, as the  House and the Senate are about to go to conference committee to work  out differences in the House and Senate versions of whatever bill they  are focused on, procedurally it is possible to have a motion to  instruct conferees, such as the gentleman from Rhode Island has  offered.   That motion is not binding on the conferees, but it is an attempt to  have a vote on an issue that a Member or group of Members think is  important or that they can make a point upon.   The subject of this motion to instruct is the disposal of excess  weapons, as the gentleman from Rhode Island mentioned.   I would just say, Mr. Speaker, I know of no evidence that--as the  government has over the years disposed of these weapons, there is no  evidence that any of them have been improperly used. They must be  disposed of fully consistent with the law, and that includes background  checks and the rest, and the proceeds support safety programs, which I  would suspect that all of us think is a worthwhile endeavor.   I would also say, Mr. Speaker, the House has regularly expressed its  opinion and its will with amendment votes both on the floor and in  committee over the years. We have voted on this program a number of  times and it has consistently been the will of the House that this  program should continue. As a matter of fact, in this year's bill, we  had a vote in committee and the amendment to provide for this program  was adopted.   So, to me, Mr. Speaker, the most important point to make is this: the  bill before us is one that helps this Congress fulfill the first  responsibilities of the Federal Government, and that is to defend our  citizens.   It also provides the support that the men and women who serve our  Nation in the military must have if they are to carry out the missions  to which they are assigned.   That is the purpose of this bill, that is the focus of this bill: to  defend the country and to support our troops. That will continue to be  the focus as the House and Senate move into conference.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Rogers).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers other than  myself, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, first, I want to express my appreciation to the  gentleman from Rhode Island. As he said, we make every effort to ensure  that the support for the men and women who serve in the military is on  a bipartisan basis. The gentleman from Rhode Island is a key leader on  a number of those issues, whether it is cyber, directed energy, and a  host of others.   I appreciate all of the Members on both sides of the aisle who have  spoken. That bipartisan support is what helped lead us to pass the  House version of this bill by the biggest majority in 8 years. That  does not mean we agree on everything, obviously, but when it comes to  supporting the military, their interests are first, and I think we need  to keep it that way.   The subject of this motion to instruct is a long-running program  designed to support safety programs. While we have had votes on this on  the floor and in committee over the years, it has never been a  particularly controversial program, even though the gentleman from  Rhode Island has consistently been against it from the start. But the  point is that in both the House and the Senate bills this year, there  are provisions dealing with these programs. We come to some resolution  every year, and for 55 straight years the conference report has gotten  signed into law.   I would like to correct one point, Mr. Speaker. I do not believe that  the Army is opposed to this program. As a matter of fact, both Mr.  Rogers and I have talked to the Army about this, and they have not  expressed in any sense that they are opposed to it. They were waiting  to see what direction they are given, and they are happy to go  implement that.   Mr. Speaker, in recent weeks, our country has been buffeted by a  number of tragedies: hurricanes; of course, wildfires going on now in  the West. And the horrible, horrific murders in Las Vegas are much on  our minds, as are the victims and the whole communities.   It is important to take time and to learn what that investigation  yields so that we can, hopefully, prevent it from happening in the  future.   I just want to point out that there is nothing, whether these  provisions stay or go, that is going to have any effect on an event  like we just saw in Las Vegas. As a matter of fact, in the history of  this program, I know of no single instance where one of these weapons  that has been disposed of for gun safety programs has been used  improperly. As a matter of fact, most of these weapons go up on a  mantle somewhere. They are collectors items. So it would be  inappropriate, in my opinion, to try to tie that horrible tragedy in  Las Vegas, or others, to these particular programs.   That leads me to the last point I would like to make, Mr. Speaker,  and it is similar to the first. On a bipartisan basis, this House and,  indeed, this Congress, come together to support the men and women who  risk their lives to defend us. The world is getting more dangerous,  and, unfortunately--the fault of both parties in both the executive and  legislative branches of government--we cut our military too much. We  are seeing the effects of that through declining readiness, through  increasing accidents, and a whole variety of things where the fruits of  that neglect is becoming more apparent.   But I think it is crucial, as we begin to rebuild and repair our  military, that we not let other agendas, other issues, impair our  ability to do so. I am concerned, for example, that some Republicans  say: Oh, yeah, I will increase funding for defense, as long as you can  cut that money in other parts of the budget.   I am concerned when Democrats say: Oh, I am for increasing defense,  as long as you increase other parts of the budget.   I am concerned when anybody brings any other agenda, any other issue,  that impedes our ability to support the men and women who serve our  Nation. We ought to do our best to support them on the basis of those  issues alone and let other debates, whatever they may be, stand on  their own as well.   As I mentioned, Mr. Speaker, motions to instruct are, of course,  nonbinding. I think, in this case, the better vote is to vote ``no.''  There are provisions dealing with this in both the House and the Senate  bill. I hope that we can come to a reasonable conclusion on these  provisions and the whole bill. But the goal is to defend the country  and to support the men and women who serve. We can never be distracted  from that goal.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 12 of rule XXII, I  move that meetings of the conference between the House and the Senate  on H.R. 2810 may be closed to the public at such times as classified  national security information may be discussed, provided that any  sitting Member of Congress shall be entitled to attend any meeting of  the conference.   