 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to talk about healthcare and what it  means to families and what it means to communities. It is the most  personal thing that families deal with. Every family knows that at some  point they are going to deal with not one but multiple healthcare  issues as life progresses, as things happen in life--at times you don't  expect them to happen in life--and nothing is more riveting or focusing  than healthcare.   Somebody told me one time--and I have said this on the floor of the  Senate before because I think it is such a good observation about what  happens in healthcare. Somebody told me that when everybody in your  family is well, you have lots of problems. When somebody in your family  is sick, you have one problem.   So it is not like tax policy or energy policy or the intricacies of  this or that; it is something that every family and every individual  identifies with in a unique way. It is one of the reasons the debate is  so passionate, and I think it may be one of the reasons why sometimes  we see exaggerated claims about how a plan I may be for is going to  cause more people to have healthcare problems than if that plan didn't  pass. I certainly wouldn't intend for that to be the case. What we are  all looking for is the best plan that addresses this problem in the  best way.   In the debate we had 6 weeks ago, I remember looking across the  Senate floor at one of my colleagues who stood up and said: If the plan  passes that many of my colleagues are going to vote for--he may have  said the people across the aisle are going to vote for--health  insurance rates are going to go up next year by 20 percent. Missourians  have already seen a 145-percent increase, under the plan we have now,  in 3 years. The rates that were just filed have ranged from a 35- percent increase to a 47-percent increase. So it is a pretty safe  prediction by my friend on the other side who said that if the plan I  was for passed, health insurance rates would go up 20 percent.   The plan he had been for--the plan they were defending--is out of  control. There is no argument that what we have now is not working.   Families who have coverage don't really have access. So many families  with coverage have these high-deductible policies with insurance rates  that, first of all, they can't afford the premium. If they are somehow  able to scrape the money together to afford the premium--I think the  average deductible in the bronze plan was $6,000 per individual, and  for almost all of those plans, if you had more than one individual in  your family, you had to hit the per individual rate twice if two  [[Page S5847]]  people got sick. So you were paying maybe $1,000 or more a month, and  that was for insurance coverage. Then, if somebody got sick, you had  another $12,000 that potentially would kick in before your insurance  plan helped at all.   Not only was that not real coverage, but it clearly wasn't access. It  clearly didn't provide the opportunity to go to the doctor and have the  kind of healthcare you need so you don't have a tens of thousands of  dollars healthcare crisis that arises needlessly. Some of us will have  those problems no matter how well we take care of ourselves, but access  to healthcare matters, and healthcare that works where you live  matters. Frankly, that is the plan Senators Cassidy and Graham have  come up with--a plan that would take the decision making for  government-assisted healthcare out of Washington and put it back in the  States.   When one of my Congressmen from Southwest Missouri was a freshman  Congressman, decades ago in the House of Representatives, he was on the  committee at the time that wrote the laws and regulations for  Washington, DC. Somebody asked him why he thought he was smart enough  to write the laws for Washington, DC. His hometown happened to be  Sarcoxie, MO.   He said: In my hometown, almost everybody knows where Washington, DC,  is, but here in Washington, almost nobody knows where Sarcoxie is. Does  that mean the people in Sarcoxie are a lot smarter than the people in  Washington? Maybe not, but it meant they probably knew what was better  for Sarcoxie than the people in Washington did.   So what Senators Graham and Cassidy are talking about is looking at  taking all the money we are currently spending in this government- assisted healthcare world and divide it up among the States in a more  equitable way. Right now, four of the States get about 37 percent of  all the money. You don't have to be a math genius to figure out that  means the other 46 States must get about 63 percent of all the money.  Now, if 37 percent of all people in the country lived in those four  States, that might be a reasonable way to divide up the money or even  if 37 percent of people with income and health needs that were so  significant they needed more help than everybody else lived in those  four States, that might be a reasonable way to divide up all the money,  but neither of those things are true. What this plan would do would be  to look for a new way to more fairly allocate the money we spend on  healthcare and then let State governments experiment with what to do  about that.   Jefferson said, in our system, the States had the unique ability to  be laboratories for change because they could try things and see if  they worked and then share with the other States what worked, but there  was no vision at the time that the Federal Government was the best  place to do everything. This is really sort of a debate between are you  for federalism or are you for government-run everything.   I guess 30 percent of the Democrats in the Senate, just a few days  ago, said they were for government-run everything in healthcare. They  were for single-payer healthcare. I am not for that. I don't think that  is the best way for our system to work or to find the healthcare  innovations we need or the access to healthcare people in desperate  moments should always have, but I do think we could do a better job  serving healthcare needs for people in the 50 States and the  territories if, in fact, we gave them more authority to do that.   First of all, in all likelihood, you will get your healthcare in the  place you live, and you are more likely going to be able to get access  to the same healthcare your local State representative gets, where it  is not just me arguing for what is good for Missouri or my colleague in  the Senate arguing for what is good for our State or the eight people  we have in the House. It takes all 163 house members in our State, the  34 senators, and the Governor leading to have a real understanding of  where 200 legislative families get their healthcare and where 200  people who are making that decision--who see people at school and the  grocery store--that is a lot different than just seeing 10 people,  sending them to Washington, and saying: Why don't we adjust the one- size-fits-all system so it serves our State better.   If you have ever bought any one-size-fits-all clothes, you are a very  unique person if they actually fit you. One-size-fits-all almost never  fits anybody. Even in a State, it is hard enough to come up with a plan  that fits everybody in the State in the best possible way, but we would  be much more likely to do that than we would to suggest what happens in  Manhattan and what happens in Marshfield, MO, are the same thing  because they are not. People in New York are going to come up with a  more likely way to address those issues and figure out what healthcare  is there, what they need to do to augment it, what they need to do to  be sure it is available to the most people in the most cost-effective  way, and in Jefferson City, MO, they are more likely to answer all of  those questions for our State than, frankly, they are at the Department  of Health and Human Services in Washington, DC.   Even if they want to do that--even if they are all Missourians who  take over the Department of Health and Human Services, their goal would  not be to figure out what is best for where I live. Their goal would be  to come up with one plan that is best for the whole country, and it is  just not working very well.   First of all, it is not working very well because it is clearly not  divided in an equitable way. No matter what formula you put in place,  four States having that much of the money spent in their States is not  the right kind of system to have. There are ways to adjust for need,  there are ways to adjust for location, but those ways are not going to  be found in waivers Governors would ask for but are more likely to be  found in State capitols than they are here.   This is the classic example of why our government has worked as long  as it has in so many areas, but every time we try to become responsible  for everything at every level, we mess up. Every time we think  different regulations have to be passed by city government, county  government, State government, Federal Government, that never works very  well.   This is an opportunity to say to States: We are going to let you be  responsible for devising a system for people in your State that meets  the needs of people in your State, and we are going to do that in a  more effective way than has been done in the past. The growth of  healthcare programs has never been allowed to be looked at in a way  where you look at all the programs and put them together in a way that  really works.   So we are going to have an opportunity to make a big decision about  the future of healthcare. We are going to be deciding, among other  things, do we trust people to make that decision who are closer to the  problem or do we think it is better to try to solve the problem further  away from the problem. I think the right answer here is, clearly, what  we are doing isn't working.   Let's take advantage of the Constitution and the Federal system of  government, and let's come up with a plan that uniquely can work--in  Florida where you live, in Missouri where I live, in Louisiana where  Senator Kennedy lives--that has a unique opportunity to serve the  families where the No. 1 thing they take most personally is the health  and welfare of their family. Everybody has to deal with this. Let's try  to create an environment where everybody gets to deal with this where  there is the greatest opportunity, greatest sensitivity, greatest  availability, and greatest understanding of how, if those things aren't  working, to uniquely come up with a solution to the problems in that  State that are very likely not the problems that need to be solved in  the entire country.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   