 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. Lowey for yielding.   Here we are again, Mr. Speaker. Two weeks ago, the Republican  majority asked for another 2 weeks to write an appropriations package  to fund the government, yet now they are asking to kick the can down  the road one more time.   We all knew that those 2 weeks were a pretense for getting the votes  to pass their tax bill. We didn't make any progress on a bipartisan  appropriations bill.   Before that, Republicans asked for an additional 12 weeks in  September. We all voted to give that 12 weeks.   All of us know exactly why the can keeps being kicked farther and  farther down the road. It is because the majority cannot muster a  majority of their own Members to support bipartisan funding bills.  Because the governing party, which controls the House, the Senate, and  the White House, has not been able to govern.   Senate Republican Whip John Cornyn said on Sunday: ``The can always  seems to be kicked down the road.''   Yet here we are again with Republicans doing exactly that.   Mr. Speaker, let's call the CR for what it is: a chaotic retreat from  rational, regular, and fiscal responsibility. We have alongside it a  supplemental funding bill that provides some  [[Page H10401]]  additional emergency relief to those affected by natural disasters, but  it ought to do more, in my opinion, to help those in Puerto Rico and  the Virgin Islands.   It has been 3 months since Hurricanes Irma and Maria devastated  Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, and since Hurricane Harvey visited  so much water on Houston.   Many still do not have electricity or running water in Puerto Rico.  These are our fellow Americans. We owe it to them and to ourselves to  help them in their time of need.   Mr. Speaker, Congress can do better, and it should do better. We  should act in a bipartisan way.   I was on the Appropriations Committee as an active member for 23  years. I was a member of the Labor, Health and Human Services,  Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. I told people that you  could take the 13 of us--we were eight Democrats and five Republicans-- and thrown us up in the air, we would have come down in random seats,  had a markup, and you would have been hard-pressed to identify the  Democrat or the Republican, because we believed our responsibility was  to fund the priorities of this country.   Now, I know that we passed 12 bills.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, the Appropriations Committee used to be an  extraordinarily bipartisan committee where we worked together, not on a  partisan basis, but on a basis of trying to determine which priorities  were important for our country, what funds were needed so that agencies  could operate in an effective way. That, unfortunately, is not  happening the way it did.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican friends, who control this  House, and all the levers of government, to work with Democrats on  making sure that all those who need emergency disaster relief, as well  as those who need funds to operate their government agencies in a way  that serves America best--I urge us to work together toward that end. I  urge us because nobody believes these CRs are good policy, but they,  unfortunately, are becoming regular, if not regular order.   