 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed  to complete my remarks.    Mr. President, I know we are scheduled for a vote in a few  minutes. We will have plenty of time to talk about this in the days to  come.   I think one of the core things that I hope tax reform will be about  is empowering the American worker. By ``the American worker,'' I mean  the people whom they don't make Netflix series about and we don't see  movies about too often anymore. There was a time when the American  worker was a hero in our country. People looked up to the American  worker and idealized them. Today, obviously, entertainment focuses on  other professions. There is nothing wrong with that, but we have  forgotten about their hard work and the millions and millions of  Americans across this country who truly remain the backbone of our  economy and our Nation.   There are hard-working men and women who are struggling to get by,  not because they are not working hard but because everything costs  more--something you quickly find out as your family begins to grow.  That is why I have spent so much time talking about the child tax  credit. A lot of people confuse that with the childcare credit, which  is important as well.   The child tax credit takes into account the reality that raising  children is an expense. It is a blessing, but it costs money. At the  end of the day, it doesn't always matter only how much you make; it  also matters how much you spend. And when you are raising children and  raising a family, the costs are often out of your control, and they  increase substantially every single year. So perhaps the best way to  illustrate to my colleagues the impact that tax reform has on working  families is to talk about real people and their real lives--how much  money they make and what tax reform would mean for them.   I want to start with a real family, a particular family my staff has  been communicating with; that is, the Starling family, Richard and  Emily, a very young family from Jacksonville, FL. They have a 2-year- old daughter, and they are expecting their second child in March.  Richard is a pastor, and he works part time at Starbucks. He makes  about $25,000 a year. His wife Emily stays home and cares for their  daughter while he is at work.   Because of their income, the Senate tax bill's nonrefundable child  tax credit increase would actually be worth very little to them. A lot  of people have said to me: Well, we have increased it to $2,000. Isn't  that great? It is. But what it means that people don't understand is,  if the majority--if all the taxes you pay are payroll taxes, it doesn't  help a lot.   I, frankly, get offended when I hear people say: These are Americans  who don't pay taxes. They do pay taxes--not income tax, but they pay  payroll taxes. They take it out of your check every month. Trust me, it  is a tax. It is less money than what was supposed to be there after the  tax.   So the tax credit, while we increased it to $2,000--and that is great  for a lot of people--it does nothing for them. The total effect is only  about $115 for the family. That is how much they will be saving in  their taxes from the current year--$115.   But here is where it gets worse. The Senate bill--which I am largely  supportive of, but I just want to tell my colleagues what the numbers  are so we can see where the changes need to be--the Senate bill would  actually increase taxes in March when they have a child. You say: How  can that be? Well, for some families in their income range, the  nonrefundable increase for the child tax credit is less valuable than  the current lost personal exemption. So we take away the personal  exemption and we put in this additional child tax credit, but it is  nonrefundable. They can't get to that tax credit because they are not  paying income taxes, and the result is that if they make $26,000  instead of $25,000, the Senate bill would actually take away $15 from  their per-child tax cut.   So these families work hard and pay their taxes, they raise children,  they are contributing an extraordinary amount to our country, and they  need our help more than ever before.   There are a couple other examples, and I will go to the first chart.  Let's take for example a tire changer and a preschool teacher with two  children in Gainesville, FL--the home of the university in Florida, the  finest learning institution in the Southeast--an editorial thing, but  it is a matter of fact. But I digress. Let me get back to chart No. 1  and talk about this family.   The husband, as I said, works at a local auto shop as a tire changer.  His wife is a preschool teacher. According to the Bureau of Labor  Statistics, with these two jobs, their combined income would be  $28,300. Because the increase to the child tax credit is  nonrefundable--the extra money we put in--this family wouldn't nearly  have enough income tax liability to take advantage of the full credit.  So the bill as it is currently written gives them a tax cut of $200-- about $50 per person.   But what if we did what Senator Lee and I are proposing, which is to  make the child tax credit fully refundable, even against payroll tax.  Well, then their tax cut would not be $200, it would be $1,570. Trust  me when I tell you that for a family making $28,000 a year, a $1,500  pay increase in real cash matters. It matters. It doesn't solve all of  their problems, but it helps.   Here is another one. Take this example. The husband is a private in  the Army National Guard, and his wife is a waitress at a local  restaurant. They have three children. He is on Active Duty at Camp  Blanding in Starke, FL. She works full time. They have a combined  income of $33,832, according to the National Guard base pay.   Because the increase, again, is nonrefundable in the child tax  credit, they don't have enough income to take full advantage of the tax  credit. The bill as currently written cuts their taxes by $388. The  proposal that Senator Lee and I have outlined would cut their taxes by  $2,100. So a $2,100 pay increase for this working family in cash will  matter. It will matter. It doesn't solve all of their problems but,  trust me, $2,100 for this family, more than what they have today, will  help them a lot, and it rewards the work they are doing.   What about a single mother. Let's say she is a childcare worker. She  has one child and is living in Miami, FL, where I live. She works full  time. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median wage for  that job is $14,800 a year. She gets a tax cut under the current bill  of about $100. If we do what Senator Lee and I are talking about doing,  she will get a $1,000 tax cut. I am not telling you that $1,000 solves  all of her problems, but a $1,000 pay increase for a single mother  making $14,800 a year will matter.   How about a loading dock worker and a cashier in Northwest Florida  after having two kids. Here is what we point to: a glaring blind spot  in the way this is structured. Again, for many working families,  because the child tax credit is nonrefundable, it will actually be less  valuable to parents than the dependent exemption and the existing child  credits are under current law today. I think  [[Page S7351]]  this is the opposite of pro-family policy.   Let's look at this example. He works as a freight mover at a lumber  warehouse, and she works as a cashier. They both work and live full  time in Live Oak, FL. Their average combined income is about $28,650.  Under the current Tax Code, the way the law is today, if they have two  kids, their tax cut would be $2,776. That is what they would save.  Under the current bill, their tax cut would be $2,656. So, in essence,  under the way the bill is structured now, they would be getting $120  less--or keeping $120 less--than what they would under the law today,  for a family making $28,000 a year.   We can fix it, because under the proposal Senator Lee and I will  have, they are going to see a tax cut of $4,000 for having that  additional child. That is $1,200 greater than the current law. That is  a raise of $1,300 more than would happen under the bill as it is  currently structured.   I don't think this is an intended consequence. But this is a working  family. They work. They pay payroll tax. They make $28,000, $29,000 a  year. Trust me when I tell you this money will matter. It won't solve  all of their problems, but it will help. It is a pay raise.   Last but not least, I live in West Miami, FL. I have lived there  since 1985. It is a working-class neighborhood. According to the  census, the average family income in West Miami, where I live, is  $38,000--let's say $39,000. That doesn't mean that West Miami is poor.  I know the people there. They work hard. They pay their taxes. They  raise their children well. They go to work 5 days a week for 8 or 9  hours a day, sometimes on the weekends. But because it is a working- class town, the nonrefundable increase we put in for the child tax  credit doesn't do much.   As an example, based on the census data for West Miami, for that ZIP  Code that I live in, more than 2,500 children in this ZIP Code--meaning  more than half of the total number of children living in that area-- would be receiving less than the full credit than they would otherwise  be eligible for. Why? Because for their parents, their primary tax  liability is the payroll tax. And you cannot help working families with  a tax cut if you do not allow the cut to apply to the payroll tax. It  is as simple as that.   We have to do that. If we want to help people in this country, if we  really want to help them have a little bit more in their pocket, then  let's implement the proposal that Senator Lee and I have put forward.   By the way, I hear these economists and other people say: Well, it  won't do anything for growth.   You really don't understand how working Americans live. Someone who  makes $38,000 a year or $35,000 a year basically spends every penny  they make. They have to. If you make $38,000 a year, with two kids, you  are spending every penny you make and then probably having to put the  extra on your credit card, unfortunately. This proposal will drive  consumer spending. It will allow them to pay for some things they can't  buy now. These kids outgrow their shoes so fast. The bookbags don't  make it through a year. There are so many things we could be helping  families with, and our tax reforms should do that.    Everybody in this town has a trade association, has a lobbyist, has  newspapers that write about them. Who writes about them? Who writes  about these working Americans--working Americans, not people asking for  anything from the government. They go to work. They work hard. They  work every day. Who fights for them? Who talks about them? Who  represents them? That is supposed to be us.   If we are serious about representing them, then let's prove it. Let's  amend this bill and change it so we can give working Americans the  raise they deserve, and that they need, to strengthen our country and  strengthen our families.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   