 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, whatever priority or alternative use of  these funds is being proposed, I can't imagine that it would compete  with where this money is being taken away from. The $30 million that  has been identified would be taken away from the Fulbright Program,  which is one of the most effective programs of public diplomacy the  United States has ever produced.   Authored by William Fulbright, it has established cultural exchange  for decades between the United States and countries around the world  and done so much good in terms of projecting American values abroad and  inviting people from other countries to come here to the United States  to learn about our Nation and what we stand for.   I admit that I am biased. I had the privilege and honor, back in  1984, to go to Greece on a Fulbright scholarship, and I saw firsthand  the benefits of that program.   There are 37 current and former heads of state or government and 57  Nobel laureates who are alumni of the Fulbright Program. The various  programs of international cultural exchange are a signature of  international exchange that we have in this country. It is really the  crown jewel of those programs, and to take any money away from the  program, I think, is a very serious mistake.   I would also add that investment in the Fulbright Program leverages a  tremendous amount of additional resources when you look at what other  countries have put into the equation. The program now operates in 165  countries around the world, and 49 of those countries match or exceed  the funding that the United States puts into the program.   So, in other words, we have invited countries around the world to  step up and partner with us through the Fulbright Program on  international exchange. They have taken that invitation seriously, and  they have put significant resources behind it, which has kept the  program strong even though funding, recently, here in this country has  been flat.   If anything, we should be increasing our investment in a program like  this at a time when public diplomacy and making sure that people around  the world understand who we are and what we stand for should be a  number one priority.   I urge my colleagues, Mr. Chairman, to reject this amendment. I think  it is a mistake. There are 1,300 U.S. colleges and universities, half  of which are public and more than 125 of which are minority serving,  that now benefit from hosting Fulbright scholars here in the United  States.   Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I certainly don't quarrel with the  concerns and priorities that my colleague has set forth. Let's find  resources to address those issues, but let's not take them from a  proven valuable program like the Fulbright Program.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from New York  (Mrs. Lowey).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   