 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman  for the opportunity to speak a little bit here about the tax reform  opportunities that we are seeing now.   Some people don't like to admit it, but there is a proven,  inescapable correlation among tax treatment, capital investment, and  job creation. As this chart right here shows, unequivocally correlating  an investment of capital with economic change, when you have more money  put in, you get more jobs and more economic growth. And some people  don't like to admit that connection, but it is inescapable. It has been  that way ever since the first commerce took place in the Roman era.   We have a second chart that shows the post-World War II GDP change,  an average of 3.1. The American middle class was built on opportunity,  lower taxes, economic stimuli, and growth. It wasn't built on this 2.3  to 1.6 that we are going to get if we don't get back to some serious  business-centric, investment-centric tax reform.   There is another equally inescapable fact, and that is that capital  is fungible. If tax treatment nurtures it, like watering your yard, it  will grow. If not, it will be invested somewhere else. Just look at  Texas, just look at my home State of Florida, and look at Ireland, for  example.   When the tax climate is nurturing and favorable for investment, you  get money put in, you get jobs created, you get economic growth.  Investment goes where it is most favorably treated. So going to 20 and  25 percent from 35 to 40 percent will unleash a torrent of capital  investment and job formation.   Rapid capital recovery by expensing capital assets purchases will  attract massive investments, stimulate our economy, make our  manufacturing companies do better, and build up the capital stock of  our country again, like we used to do. This is going to create one  thing: job-creating economic growth.   That is what we need and that is what the Republican reform program  offers.   It also offers one more thing and it changes treatment of foreign  income, which is something I have some experience in, and it will  incentivize companies to keep their income here. That is a good thing  for America.   So I might just mention for just a second about what they say and  what we say. They say tax cut for the wealthy. No, it is not a tax cut  for the wealthy. It lowers taxes on all businesses and middle class  Americans.   They say rising brackets on low income. This is an absolute  incorrigible falsehood. No. We are taking the 10 percent rate to zero.  We are taking the 15 percent rate to 10. By the way, Ronald Reagan  reduced the 11 percent rate to zero.    They say it will explode the deficit,  but we all know that economic growth shrinks deficits. Ronald Reagan  proved that in spades, and we are going to see it again. When we  eliminate many of these narrowly-crafted, special interest, lobbyist- driven credits and deductions, we are going to save enough money.  Especially when we eliminate the State and local tax deduction, we are  going to save a couple of trillion dollars that will help balance this.   Then they say loss of itemized deductions is a bad thing. When we  double the standard exemption, no one is going to need to itemize. The  people that do itemize, fine, they can have mortgage interest  reduction, charitable reduction, whatever. But most Americans are going  to be able to pay their taxes on a postcard.   In the polling in this country, the frustration of Americans with the  IRS is directly related to the fact that nobody can fill out a tax form  anymore. So we have great progress here.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate the opportunity to speak.   