 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.   The one question I think many Americans who follow this debate would  be asking now is: What is the rush? What is the rush?   For 7 years now, our Republican colleagues have consistently said we  are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act. More than 60 votes have  been taken in this body to repeal the Affordable Care Act. We kept  asking: If you are going to repeal it, what are you going to replace it  with? You can't just say, do away with it, and leave millions and  millions of Americans in the lurch.   So finally, 2 weeks ago yesterday, we have gotten their answer.  TrumpCare, RyanCare, the American Health Care Act, call it what you  will, we finally got an answer.   What has happened since those 2 weeks? We had no hearings on this  bill. We had quick markups. They lasted a long time, but we had--the  bill was introduced Monday night--markups in the Energy and Commerce  Committee and the Ways and Means Committee on Wednesday. And this was  on just a steamroller to try to get this accomplished before anybody  knew what was in it.   Now, the CBO report from last week came out indicating things that I  think most Americans would be frightened by. 24 million Americans lose  their coverage over 10 years; but, more significantly than that, 21  million lose their coverage within 3 years; 14 million next year.   Consider that. All of the gains in coverage made under the Affordable  Care Act done away with in 3 years. Premiums going up for Americans.   I can't believe Speaker Ryan tried to put lipstick on a pig. He said  he thought the CBO report was really encouraging because, 10 years from  now, premiums would be 10 percent lower. The only way they are 10  percent lower is because, under the TrumpCare, older Americans, 50 and  older, in the individual market get priced out of the market with huge  premium increases.  [[Page H2256]]  So they are gone. Only younger and healthier people are in there. Yes,  premiums would be lower for them. Other people are out of business.   So that report comes out, causing a great deal of consternation on  the part of the sponsors and supporters. They bring it, schedule it to  come to the floor on Thursday, March 23, because they think that is  cute because that is the seventh anniversary of the passage of the  Affordable Care Act. But, again, no hearings, no real analysis; and  what is more important, no CBO revised report on the changes that were  introduced late last night.   This is outrageous. And I love to hear my Republican colleagues try  to portray the process under which the Affordable Care Act was drafted  and considered with some kind of nighttime secretive deal. They weren't  here, most of them. I was.   I was on the Ways and Means Committee, one of the drafting  committees. Fourteen months we worked on that legislation--14 months.  Seventy-nine hearings in the Congress on that legislation. Hours and  hours and hours of markups on that legislation. Cost estimates  throughout the process. I can't imagine a more exhaustive and public  process than we went through for the Affordable Care Act.   And here, 2 weeks from introduction to proposed passage, we have no  real public discussion of a piece of legislation that directly affects  the lives and probably, unfortunately, the deaths of many, many  Americans.   So, Mr. Speaker, we don't need to rush to judgment. I don't think the  American people are waiting around saying: I don't need to know any  more; ObamaCare is so bad, and my life is so bad that I can't wait  another 2 weeks to find out what this really would do to me and my  family. No, we need to give more time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman from Kentucky has  expired.    We don't need to do this this Thursday without a full  rendering of the cost of the new manager's amendment to TrumpCare. We  suspect, although we don't know, that it is going to look even bleaker;  that more people will lose their coverage; that costs and rates will be  higher. But shouldn't we understand exactly what those statistics are,  what those projections are before we vote on something that is so  significant for tens of millions of Americans?   So, Mr. Speaker, I think it is entirely appropriate that we require  that a new CBO report be done on the manager's amendment before we vote  on something that, again, means life and death to American families.   