 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  1192, the National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission Act, which  establishes within the Department of Health and Human Services the  national diabetes clinical care commission.   The commission will look into dissemination of information and  resources to clinicians on best practices for delivering high-quality  care and how best to effectively deploy new and emerging treatments and  technologies.   As a pharmacist, I play an important role in diabetes care by  screening patients who had a high risk for diabetes and educating  patients to empower them to take better care of themselves. I believe  all of my colleagues would agree that making government work to help  evaluate and recommend solutions regarding diabetes is important.   The American Diabetes Association reports that there are almost 30  million people living with this disease. With better coordination and  leveraging of Federal programs that relate to clinical care for people  with diabetes and chronic diseases and conditions caused by diabetes,  we will begin to stem the tide of this awful disease.   This legislation should be a priority for our country, and I urge my  colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 315, the Improving  Access to Maternity Care Act.   Our Nation is facing a critical shortage of maternity healthcare  services and professionals. Many Americans in rural or medically  underserved areas have little to no access to maternity care services,  either due to geographical constraints or a shortage of healthcare  providers. This bill would encourage physicians and other healthcare  professionals to serve in rural and underserved communities by creating  a maternity care designation in the National Health Service Corps.   The National Health Service Corps provides up to $50,000 in student  loan repayments for healthcare professionals who commit to providing  care in health profession shortage areas for a minimum of 2 years. The  program has already made great progress in increasing access and  reducing provider shortages in dental care, mental health, and primary  care.   Maternity health professionals can and do already serve in the  National Health Service Corps, but they are placed in the same manner  as primary care providers. This bill would create a separate  designation for maternity care providers, ensuring that maternity  health needs are more efficiently addressed in underserved communities  that need them the most.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  302, the Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act, and what it means for  sports medicine professionals looking to provide comprehensive services  to those in need.   Congressman Guthrie's legislation, which I have cosponsored, would  overhaul the current system that leaves sports medicine professionals  and athletic trainers vulnerable to liability issues. Athletic trainers  and other sports medicine professionals can travel with a team to  another State, and by providing care, they are opening themselves up to  repercussions. These professionals provide preventive care as well as  medical care and advice to athletes in the event of an injury.  Currently, insurance companies don't fully cover those professionals  who travel with their team or organization to a secondary State.   This legislation extends liability insurance coverage to those  medical professionals to allow them to safely and fully carry out their  responsibilities. They shouldn't have to decide if they can or can't  provide care to the same people simply because they happen to be in a  different location for a short period of time as part of their job.  Within this bill, we can ensure that these professionals with the  knowledge and experience to administer care will have the protections  needed to safely and properly fulfill their duties.   I applaud the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie) for his work on  this issue and the work of the Energy and Commerce Committee to address  these reforms to the sports medicine field, and I urge passage of this  important legislation.   