 Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman and our ranking  member. I have great respect for both of them.   Mr. Chair, the most important responsibility we have is to keep our  Nation and our citizens safe. In order to fulfill that responsibility,  we have a commitment to those who serve, that they will have the  training and equipment and support that they need to be the most  capable fighting force the world has ever seen.   We also have a commitment to the men and women who serve that we will  have their back, not only when they are on duty, but when they come  home.   This Congress should support a pay raise for our Nation's troops.  This Congress should support a cutting-edge Naval fleet. This Congress  should make sure that we can say that every veteran will get the care  that he or she has earned.   But this Congress should also be opposed to a bill that puts the  Department of Defense right in the path of the across-the-board  spending cuts known as sequestration.   Now, I admit, I had not heard of sequestration until I first ran for  this job. It turns out it is a Latin word for stupid, because when you  face our military leaders, even in my district, they have implored this  Congress to do away with the bind that sequestration threatens to put  them in. They think this is a bad idea.   But what we are doing this week ignores the advice of our top  commanders and our military experts. Instead, it would put the  Department of Defense on a collision course with sequestration. That  would mean harmful cuts, across-the-board cuts to our military,  regardless of priority.   The failure of this Congress to pass a legitimate budget is a  disservice to our Armed Forces and to every man and woman who serves in  it. We should be giving those in uniform certainty that their paychecks  will arrive on time, that their gear will be the best, that they will  get the training that they need, and that cuts won't hurt their  readiness.   So let's get serious about a budget. Let's vote down this bill and do  better. Pass a responsible bill.   Listen, a majority of the Members in this Chamber are willing to  support a plan that not only funds our military, but also makes sure we  don't approach yet another government shutdown. That is what the  American people sent us here to do, Mr. Chair. Let's listen to their  voices.   