 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for  yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 720, the Lawsuit Abuse  Reduction Act of 2017--which is misnamed, just as all of the other  bills that we have considered this week that are trying to crush the  ability of plaintiffs, people who have been injured, due to the  negligence or intentional acts of others--legislation designed to keep  plaintiffs out of court and protect wrongdoing corporations.   This bill is misnamed the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act. I would  propose that we take out the word ``abuse'' and just leave it as it  really is, which is the Lawsuit Reduction Act of 2017. That is what  this legislation is designed to do, is to stop litigation in its  tracks.   We have been debating the merits of a bill that the Judicial  Conference itself does not find useful, especially considering the fact  that they have already been through so-called lawsuit abuse reduction  reform in the past. The Judicial Conference, of course, is the group of  judges that helps to formulate policy for the judiciary, and they are  the ones who know. We should consult with them. Of course, we have, as  the legislative branch, the ability to legislate in those areas; but it  doesn't make much sense for us to override or to ignore the views of  the Judicial Conference when it comes to their own business.   That is what this legislation does. It doesn't lend itself to the  support of the Judicial Conference, which is important, especially  since they have already been through lawsuit abuse reduction reform  efforts that were put into place by this body, the same ones that we  are considering today. They didn't work then; they don't work today.   H.R. 720 ignores the discretion of well-versed judges to impose  sanctions against attorneys engaging in unnecessary litigation. Because  there have been critiques that the pleading standards in rule 8 of the  Federal Rules of Civil Procedure give parties a license to bring a  multiplicity of frivolous lawsuits, rule 11 is meant to act like a  check.   Under rule 11, judges can sanction attorneys when they deem it is  appropriate to curb unmeritorious lawsuits, and they use it. There is  no question about that. Parties are being sanctioned every day under  rule 11.   H.R. 720 now requires that judges impose mandatory sanctions with  monetary compensation and deprive litigants of the opportunity to cure  a defective lawsuit. The problem with this approach is that it makes  the cost of litigation skyrocket as litigants are required to pay for  attorneys' fees and other filing fees.   In addition, it creates a vicious cycle of litigation where parties  engage in many trials over penalties to be paid as a result of rule 11  sanction motions rather than getting to the actual merits of the case.  This approach was tried 20 years ago. It didn't work then, and there is  no compelling reason to think that it is going to work today.   I ask my colleagues to oppose H.R. 720, just as I ask them to oppose  these other attacks on the ability of plaintiffs to bring cases in  court against wrongdoing corporate defendants, many of them  multinationals.   