 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   The Senator from Maryland.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to share my deep  concern over the current state of America's global diplomacy. A  multitude of decisions made by this administration in the last year  have caused me to pause and repeatedly ask why, but in no area have I  been more perplexed than the actions that have taken place at the State  Department.   Ever since the Secretary of State took the helm, there has been a  slow, unexplained erosion of the Department and, along with it, the  values that it promotes and the vital role it plays around the world.  By now, many are familiar with the list of concerns that seasoned  diplomats, national security officials, and Members of this body have  been raising with increasing alarm over the last weeks and months.   More than 30 key ambassadorships remain without named nominees.  Dozens of important senior-level posts remain vacant. Career officials  are being cut out of important policy decisions or overruled by  leadership, including, sometimes, even on legal issues. The Foreign  Service is being hollowed out, with a significantly lower number in the  incoming classes, putting at risk the next generation of leaders.  Opportunities for midlevel employees are extremely limited, with a  freeze on most transfers and promotions. Our most experienced  officials--the Department's equivalent of 2-, 3-, and 4-star generals-- have been departing or, effectively, forced out and not replaced at the  same rate.   I honor the experienced career officials who are stepping in to fill  vacancies and are carrying out the Department's important work, but  there are limits to what officials can accomplish in an acting role. It  is now December. We cannot afford to have a Department that remains  hamstrung because of rudderless stagnation at the top.   Let's be clear. This is not just about numbers or unfilled positions.  The numbers do not tell the full story. While the employees at the  State Department and USAID can and have been carrying on, it is not an  easy task when employees feel that the message they receive from the  top is that they and their work are not valued. Understandably, this  has an impact on morale, which is now devastatingly low.   In embarking on what has been dubbed a ``redesign'' of the  Department, the leadership at State has regrettably left the men and  women who so capably and loyally serve it behind. I have heard from  many employees who are not just concerned about their own future or  careers but who are concerned about the direction of the Department  itself and the viability of its legacy. The State Department's  leadership has had more than enough time to assess what can be  improved. It is beyond time to show the men and women serving at State  and USAID that they are not only a valued but a vital part of our  national diplomacy and national security strategy.   For weeks, Secretary Tillerson has promised to announce significant  progress on his plan to move the Department forward. Tuesday, in a  speech to the State Department and USAID personnel, the message was  once again underwhelming. Secretary Tillerson continues to tinker  around the edges while the Department's core functions are deliberately  hollowed out.   While I am encouraged to see him announce a few small but important  steps in the right direction, I am worried that he still has not gotten  the overall message. Despite calls from me and others on the Foreign  Relations Committee and pleas from current and former employees,  diplomats, and military leaders, Secretary Tillerson has yet to lift  the hiring freeze that remains in place. He announced it would be  lifted for the family members of employees--a welcome step but not  enough. Freezing or limiting opportunities for family members to join  their spouses who are serving abroad never made sense in the first  place.   I am, therefore, still left wondering why the hiring freeze has been  in place at all, when nearly every other Federal agency lifted it  earlier this year. I cannot understand how it has benefited our foreign  and civil service. So again I am left asking: Why? Why should we  tolerate a massive exodus of diplomatic and development expertise at  the State Department and USAID? Our President said recently that we do  not need to worry about the fact that many of the senior-level  positions at the State Department remain unfilled because when it comes  to foreign policy, his opinion is the only one that matters. Why on  Earth would he say that? For the thousands of Foreign Service officers  around the world working to advance the ideals of the United States,  this was a horrible and offensive message.   I am concerned that this administration does not understand how  critical a role the State Department and USAID play in our national  security policy. They are every bit as vital and critical an element of  our national security as the Department of Defense, the intelligence  community, our law enforcement, or the countless others in the Federal  Government who work tirelessly every day to protect our security,  extend our prosperity, and promote our values.   We put our country in danger when we do not give adequate voice and  resources to all of our country's national security tools. Former  Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said: ``In a turbulent and  perilous world, the men and women of the Foreign Service are on the  front lines every day, on every continent for us.''   Diplomacy is an investment we make so that we don't have to go to  war. Nickel-and-diming it is not in our national security interest.   I made no secret about my deep concerns regarding the current  management practices of the Department's leadership, the reorganization  and budget debacles, the current senior-level vacancies, and the deep  costs that our Foreign Service and development professionals are  paying. The United States' foreign policy leadership around the world  is also paying the price, and we will continue to pay the price if  things aren't turned around quickly.   Even with the few changes Secretary Tillerson announced this week, I  believe there are still multiple issues that need to be addressed. I  raised many of them recently in a letter to the Secretary with my  fellow Democratic colleagues on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.  If the Secretary truly wishes for the State Department and our country  to succeed, he will seriously consider the following concerns:   First, improve transparency. All Senators on the Senate Foreign  Relations  [[Page S7998]]  Committee should receive regular briefings that thoroughly address  proposed reorganization plans and decisions.   Second, we need to know the details and timeline for reorganization.  The Department must provide a clear timeline--something it has failed  to do to date--and provide details about what it is planning.   While there are some parts of the reorganization that we find to be  positive, such as improving information technology, I remain concerned  that the reorganization may be marginalizing or eliminating critical  bureaus and offices that help to inform U.S. foreign policy. I  understand that many of these ideals may not come to fruition, but it  is essential for us to receive details in a timely way so that the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee can carry out its critical oversight  function. Again, we are now in the eleventh month of this  administration, and we don't yet know when they are going to be  submitting their plans for reorganization, and we have not been kept  adequately informed.   Third, I would mention filling senior vacancies. The Department must  prioritize key senior vacancies and work with the White House to  swiftly move forward qualified nominees. The significant vacancies for  senior-level management and policy positions in such critical bureaus  as Counterterrorism and Political-Military Affairs are deeply  troubling. Approximately 30 countries still do not have named  Ambassador nominees, including South Korea, Jordan, Egypt, and Saudi  Arabia. Despite claims that the Senate's slow pace is to blame for the  lack of confirmed nominees, the fact is that the Foreign Relations  Committee has promptly processed the vast majority of nominees, and  only a handful are currently awaiting a Senate vote. We cannot confirm  nominees who have not been nominated.   Finally, let me talk about the need to uphold the mission of the  Department. The Department's mission statement must continue to reflect  the values we hold as Americans. Proposed changes send a troubling  signal about the administration's vision for the Department and its  role in foreign policy. The promotion of democracy and respect for  human rights around the world must remain a central part of the State  Department's overall mission.   I agree that improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the  Department is critical to our national security given the countless  challenges we face as a nation. Reforms to information technology,  human resources, and procurement systems are long overdue, and I  support the efforts of the Department to streamline special envoys and  special representative positions.    I hope, moving forward, the Department will consider Congress as a  partner in these endeavors, as well as broader efforts to strengthen  America's diplomatic capabilities. However, if the Department continues  down its current path, I can assure you that my colleagues and I will  use every legislative option we have to address these concerns.   My goal is to ensure that the employees in the State Department have  all the resources and support they require to complete their tasks and  ensure that the United States remains a global diplomatic leader. I  will do everything in my power to guarantee that this goal is  accomplished.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   