 Mr. President, the most solemn and serious and consequential  act that the United States can undertake at any moment is to make the  decision to send Americans into war. From time to time, war may be an  unfortunate decision but a necessary decision--a necessary and  potentially tragic function of any republic. And it might be  necessitated by the need to safeguard the rights and the freedoms of  the government's own citizens from foreign states--from those who would  harm us. Yet we should enter into those wars and enter into any  alliances that could lead to war only after utmost deliberation and  strategic consideration, focusing specifically on the well-being of the  American citizens--those people whom we are sworn to protect, those  people whose safety is at stake whenever we go to war.   That is why, for the past several months, I have asked that the  Senate have a rollcall vote on the measure to ratify Montenegro's  accession to the North Atlantic Treaty, and that is why I will be  casting my vote against expanding NATO later today.   Of course, treaties and alliances with other countries can be  beneficial; there is no question about that. But the Founders of this  country understood that their seriousness needs also to be considered-- that the seriousness of a treaty needs to be taken into account in the  same way that you have to consider very carefully the seriousness of  going to war, and for the very same reasons. That is why both of these  powers--the power to make and ratify treaties and the power to declare  and execute war--are given not to one single branch of the Federal  Government, but rather they are shared by the legislative and executive  branches acting together. In addition to this, treaty ratification  requires not just a majority vote, but a two-thirds supermajority vote  within the Senate.   The United States should enter into treaties and alliances with  foreign nations that will enhance the ability of American citizens to  exercise their rights and freedoms and to safeguard those same people.  At the heart of the NATO alliance is the article 5 guarantee for  collective defense, stating, in essence, that an attack against any one  NATO ally will be perceived and responded to as an attack against all.  This means that the United States is obligated by treaty to make war  because of an attack on an ally, and those allies are obligated to us  for the same purpose and to the same extent. This, of course, is a very  significant agreement. It is one that we should never take lightly. It  is never one that we should just assume into existence any time we have  a decision to make.   Simply put, I don't see how the accession of Montenegro--a country  with a population smaller than most congressional districts and a  military smaller than the police force of the District of Columbia--is  beneficial enough that we should share an agreement for collective  defense. Montenegro becoming a member of NATO is certainly attractive  to European countries because it makes the United States the security  guarantor of yet another country in a region prone to instability and  ethnic unrest, but that doesn't automatically make it of interest to  the American people. It doesn't automatically mean that the benefits  outweigh any risks to the American people by bringing this country into  NATO.   On the other hand, I believe the risks could outweigh the benefits to  the detriment of the American people and result in more of our  servicemembers being deployed overseas and at risk. The resolution of  ratification on which the Senate is voting states that ``an attack  against Montenegro, or its destabilization arising from external  subversion, would threaten the security of Europe and jeopardize United  States national security interests.''   This makes NATO responsible not only for external security but for  combating destabilization in a historically volatile part of the world.  Undertaking obligations like this only increases the likelihood of  Americans being placed in harm's way, of our brave young service men  and women having to go into a potential field of battle.   Further, expanding NATO does not address some of the systemic  problems that U.S. administrations from both sides of the aisle have  long pressed to their European counterparts: the failure of many NATO  countries to meet decades-old defense spending obligations and the  increasingly concerning behavior of some NATO members.   For example, several weeks ago it was announced that American  military personnel are now being used in northern Syria for the purpose  of preventing infighting between one of our NATO allies--Turkey--and  our Kurdish allies in the coalition against ISIS. This was followed in  short order by a diplomatic crisis between Turkey and the Netherlands-- both NATO allies--in which the Turkish President accused the Dutch  Government of fascism. European Commission President Jean-Claude  Juncker in February rejected calls from the Trump administration, which  were similar to pleas from the Obama administration, for European  countries to increase their own defense spending in fulfillment of  their existing obligations through NATO.   Addressing such issues is much more vital to the future of NATO and  American interests in Europe than further rounds of expansion.   Finally, some of my colleagues have argued that we should move  forward with Montenegro's accession into NATO because the Russians  oppose it, just as the Russians have opposed all previous rounds of  expansion. This is not the basis for a sound foreign policy. While the  United States should not let another country have a veto over our  national security decisions, it would be equally unwise for the United  States simply to engage in certain actions just because geopolitical  adversaries might oppose them. Such reactionary statecraft contradicts  the ideals of prudence and practicality that our Founders hoped would  guide our foreign policy.  [[Page S2027]]    On a more practical level, it still doesn't mean that we should just  be willing to put our Armed Forces in a position where our brave young  men and women might have to go into harm's way as a result of the fact  that a geopolitical adversary takes the opposite viewpoint.   Further, elected officials should not have their patriotism or  loyalty to country questioned because of their understandable concerns  about national security, treaty obligations, and war. There are many  thoughtful leaders and policy experts who have legitimate concerns-- both, about Russia's behavior and about the direction of NATO--and who  support meaningful pressure against Russia through economic and  diplomatic means, as well as the modernization of our strategic  deterrent and missile defense systems.   This vote, of course, is likely to pass and Montenegro will become  the newest member of NATO this year. It is my sincere hope that the  country will be a constructive force in addressing the operational and  mission problems that I have described and that the Trump  administration will press for needed reforms. But I also hope that  American diplomatic leaders and Congress will work to identify and act  on the security interests most relevant to the American people and  think more strategically about our alliances and treaty partners in the  future.   