 Mr. President, Congress created the Department of  Housing and Urban Development in 1965 to create strong, sustainable,  inclusive communities and quality affordable homes for all Americans.  During last year's Presidential campaign, however, President Trump  often called into question his commitment to an inclusive America.  Thus, the abilities and commitment of the Secretary of Housing and  Urban Development are all the more important.   I voted, along with others in the Banking Committee, to report Dr.  Carson's nomination to the full Senate because I wanted to allow the  nomination to proceed to the floor for consideration and debate. During  that time, I have further examined the nomination. I reviewed the  statements and letters that I have received from organizations and  individuals who are directly impacted by the work of HUD.   Dr. Carson is a gifted neurosurgeon, but nothing in his experience  indicates that he is prepared to run an 8,400-employee government  agency. Armstrong Williams, a business manager and close friend of Dr.  Carson's, told Reuters in November, ``His life has not prepared him to  be a Cabinet secretary.'' Mr. Williams told CNN, ``He's never run an  agency and it's a lot to ask. He's a neophyte and that's not his  strength.'' And Mr. Williams told The Hill newspaper, ``Dr. Carson  feels he has no government experience, he's never run a federal  agency.''   Moreover, Dr. Carson's past statements have questioned the mission of  the agency that he would lead. He has implied that housing assistance  provided by the Department is harmful. He has characterized it as if it  were calculated to create dependency, ignoring the real world needs of  people who rely on this important safety net. Dr. Carson was dismissive  when, during his confirmation hearing, I noted that so many millions of  people who receive housing assistance are seniors or people with  disabilities, and I asked Dr. Carson about his past advocacy of  abolishing Medicare and Medicaid. Dr. Carson's testimony in committee  did not show understanding of the importance of these safety net  programs to seniors or people with disabilities.   Dr. Carson has also made several statements that call into question  his view of the role of the Department in ensuring fair housing for  all. Specifically, he has said disparaging things about housing  desegregation efforts. In July of 2015, Dr. Carson wrote in the  Washington Times that the Department of Housing and Urban Development  rule designed to desegregate housing, the ``affirmatively further''  rule, was a ``social experiment'' and he likened it to ``failed  socialist experiments.''   Dr. Carson likened housing desegregation to ``what you see in  communist countries.'' After HUD issued a letter declaring that the  city of Dubuque's implementation of the section 8 housing voucher  program was intentionally discriminatory against Black applicants from  Chicago, Dr. Carson told Iowa radio show host Jan Mickelson, ``This is  what you see in communist countries, where they have so many  regulations encircling every aspect of your life that if you don't  agree with them, all they have to do is pull the noose.''   Dr. Carson has also shown a lax attitude toward holding accountable  those who triggered the housing crisis and financial collapse.   In the February 2016 CBS Republican Presidential debate, Dr. Carson  seemed to question the penalty that the Justice Department and the New  York Attorney General extracted from a big New York bank for  contributing to the mortgage crisis. The Wall Street Journal's Kimberly  Strassel asked Dr. Carson: ``This week Morgan Stanley agreed to pay a  $3.2 billion fine to state and federal authorities for contributing to  the mortgage crisis. You have a lot of Democrats out saying that we  should be jailing more executives, so two questions. Should financial  executives be held legally responsible for financial crisis, and do you  think fines like these are an effective way to deter companies from  future behavior like that?''   Dr. Carson replied: ``Now, the--as far as these fines are concerned,  you know? Here's the big problem. We've got all these government  regulators, and all they're doing is running around looking for people  to fine. And, we've got 645 different federal agencies, and sub- agencies. Way, way too many, and they don't have anything else to do. I  think what we really need to do is start trimming the regulatory  agencies rather than going after the people who are trying to increase  the viability, economic viability of our society.''   While criticizing the Justice Department for its work to hold Wall  Street accountable, Dr. Carson also advocated for a policy that would  have made housing less affordable. His campaign website called for  ``privatizing housing giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.'' Fannie Mae  and Freddie Mac play an important role providing liquidity to the  nation's mortgage finance system. A large number of advocacy groups,  academics, and-industry stakeholders alike agree that some form of  government backstop is necessary to ensure a stable housing market and  to maintain the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage.   I am also deeply troubled by statements made by Dr. Carson that  indicate intolerance. When, in September  [[Page S1548]]  2015, Chuck Todd of NBC's Meet the Press asked Dr. Carson whether he  thought Islam is consistent with the Constitution, Dr. Carson answered,  ``No, I don't, I do not.'' Dr. Carson's remarks revealed a fundamental  misunderstanding about the First Amendment and religious liberty. And  Dr. Carson's remarks about the LGBT community also raise concerns about  tolerance.   Because of all the concerns that I have raised, I will not be able to  support Dr. Carson's nomination for this post. However, should he be  confirmed, I will do everything possible to help make his tenure  successful. Specifically, I was heartened by Dr. Carson's statements  about wanting to address the hazards of lead paint. I was pleased that,  at his confirmation hearing, Dr. Carson agreed that he would urge  President Trump to continue the White House task force that President  Obama created after the Freddie Gray tragedy in Baltimore to help  Baltimore by trying to break down some of the silos among different  Federal agencies. We have a lot of work to do in Baltimore and  throughout Maryland.    Madam President, I oppose the nomination of Governor  Rick Perry to be Secretary of the Department of Energy, a Department  that he called for eliminating in 2011. After briefings on the  Department's mission and programs, Governor Perry came to ``regret''  that position, but his short education on his prospective job is not  enough to prepare him for its complexity and importance.   The Department of Energy is a home of innovation and, critically, the  Federal agency that manages the safety and reliability of our nuclear  arsenal. The last two Secretaries of Energy were physicists.   According to the Dallas Morning News: ``In all of the department's  missions, science is front and center. But during his 14 years as  governor, Perry built a questionable record when it comes to science.  He has a pattern of supporting offbeat medical theories while  dismissing the established science on climate change. And his record of  using public funds to boost technology and research in Texas is  littered with poor management and allegations of cronyism.''   In one example, a 2010 Dallas Morning News investigation discovered  mismanagement and political influence in the Texas Emerging Technology  Fund, which Governor Perry established to provide funding to high-tech  startups. The Dallas Morning News reported that the fund awarded more  than $16 million to companies with connections to large campaign  donors. A company in which an old college friend and donor invested  received $2.75 million. Another company, where an investor had given  more than $400,000 to Governor Perry's campaigns, received $1.5  million. A company founded by a former Perry appointee got $4.5  million.   The Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, and the Texas House Speaker  made the Emerging Technology Fund's decisions based on input from an  advisory committee that operated in secret and did not take minutes.  Its recommendations to the Governor were not public. This unusual  decisionmaking process, with ultimate power vested in elected officials  rather than technical experts, is deeply troubling. As Secretary of  Energy, Governor Perry would be charged with managing a number of grant  and loan programs aimed at developing the next generation of energy  technologies.   Governor Perry has also failed to commit to funding for ARPA-E and  the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. These programs  are essential to ensuring that the United States is a leader in the  21st century energy economy and confronts the critical challenge of  climate change.   I am deeply concerned by Governor Perry's limited experience with our  Nation's nuclear program. While he did advocate a low-level nuclear  waste repository in his State, he has no experience with nuclear  weapons. His inexperience is particularly problematic when the  President he would serve has also appeared confused by issues  surrounding the nuclear triad and has inaccurately said that the United  States has ``fallen behind on nuclear weapons capacity.''   The United States is engaged in a $1 trillion program to refurbish  our nuclear weapons systems, a process that should be tightly  controlled. We should be reducing, not expanding, the number of nuclear  weapons in the world. President Trump has questioned the New START  Treaty, a critical tool to decrease nuclear weapons in both the United  States and Russia. He glibly and irresponsibly called for ``an arms  race,'' even though the United States and Russia already control 95  percent of the world's nuclear weapons and each have enough to destroy  the world many times over.   The Secretary of Energy needs to have a clear vision to manage our  nuclear arsenal and ensure that the President fully understands our  capabilities and their implications for national security and  international peace. There is nothing in Governor Perry's record or  testimony that indicates that he is prepared for this job.   Governor Perry may have considered the Department of Energy  insignificant enough to forget during his Presidential run, but its  mission is essential to the safety and security of the American people.  Between our national labs and research and loan programs, it fosters  greater economic competitiveness and discovers new technologies to  drive energy independence and solutions to climate change. I do not  believe that Governor Perry is prepared to manage the Department and  provide thoughtful counsel to the President, and thus I must vote  against his nomination today.   