 Mr. Speaker, the era of strategic patience  is over. In its place there is a need for more concerted action to  counter North Korea's nuclear proliferation, its horrific human rights  abuses, and its sponsorship of terrorism globally. This bill  strengthens the tools the Administration can use to counter the threat  posed by a nuclear armed North Korea. It targets the shipping and  financial sectors and also targets those, in China and Russia and  elsewhere, who profit from using North Korean slave labor. I strongly  support this legislation and commend my colleagues on the House Foreign  Affairs Committee--Chairman Ed Royce and Ranking Member Eliot Engel for  their leadership.   The Administration must continue to uncover and sanction both  Pyongyang's enablers and those it enables. We should further target  with sanctions those individuals responsible for gross human rights  violations inside the so-called ``hermit kingdom'' and stop money and  materials from reaching terrorists and nuclear proliferators globally.   Not taking the North Korea threat seriously enough have been a  bipartisan problem of the last three Administrations. I commend the  Trump Administration for taking more strategic actions. The U.S. cannot  sit on the sidelines while Kim Jong Un proliferates nuclear and missile  technology that will threaten the United States. We cannot stand idly  by while Kim Jong Un sponsors terrorism and traffics his own people for  profit. We cannot be silent while an estimated 120,000 people are being  held in political-prison labor camps, suffering and dying in barbaric  conditions. Torture, rape, and the public executions of religious  believers are part of the daily life in these camps.   North Korea's political-prisoner camps are inhumane, they are  horrific, they are a crime against humanity and they must be  dismantled.   We know that the threat posed by North Korea was high on the agenda  of President Trump and President Xi meeting in Florida several weeks  ago. As we all know, the Chinese government's actions have not always  been helpful. China usually describes the China-North Korea  relationship as being one of ``like lips to teeth.'' It was good to see  this formula changed after the Trump-Xi meeting. Foreign Minister Wang  Yi know says China's relationship with ``the Peninsula'' both North and  South Korea is like lips to teeth. That is big change in rhetoric and  hopefully China will no longer prop up Kim Jong Un's deliberate  attempts to destabilize the Korean peninsula.   In addition to a more robust sanctions regime, the Administration  should pay more attention to undermining the faith of the North Korean  people in Kim Jong Un's leadership. The cult of personality that  surrounds the Kim family remains a strong deterrent to protest and  uprisings within North Korea. The Kim family is accorded god-like  status--the cult of personality is sometimes called Juche--and it  offers Kim Jong Un a `divine mandate' to pursue nuclear weapons,  national security, and human rights abuses with impunity.   More needs to be done to tarnish Kim Jong Un's image and that of the  Kim family. The U.S. should be actively seeking to undermine the cult  of personality and drive a wedge between North Korea elites and the Kim  family. Sanctions are one way to drive such a wedge, but also needed  are more radio broadcasts and USB drives with South Korean pop culture  and news and information targeting North Korean military and elites.  The more information the North Korean people have, the less isolated  they are, the more likely they will see the Kim family as false gods.   Some of this work is being done by North Korean defectors living in  South Korea. But their efforts are tiny and were not supported by the  previous Administration.   The current sanctions regime is having some effect. High-level  diplomats, military leaders, and the families of high-ranking officials  are defecting--they are recognizing that they will be held accountable  if they continue to support Kim Jong Un's barbaric regime.   Nevertheless, recent evidence shows that North Korea has become very  good at evading sanctions. Last month a U.N. report made clear that  North Korea is using `increasingly sophisticated' tactics to evade  existing sanctions. Money, arms, and people are moved across borders by  networks of middlemen and banks to avoid detection. The U.N. report  concluded that sanctions enforcement `remains insufficient.' This  legislation will expand U.S.  [[Page H3038]]  sanctions to target those help Kim Jong Un avoid sanctions and fund his  nuclear program and human rights abuses.   I urge support for the legislation offered today and commend my  colleagues for bringing this important legislation before the House.   