 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle for their great work on this: Mr. Rush from Illinois and, of  course, the former chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, my  friend, Mr. Upton, and our other committee members who put so much into  these important pieces of legislation.   To date, the committee has worked in a bipartisan manner to examine  and advance thoughtful solutions that prioritize consumers, support  American businesses and jobs, and protect the environment. These  commonsense, bipartisan bills we are considering today continue this  very strong and bipartisan effort.   As many of you have heard me discuss before, hydropower plays an  integral role in electricity generation across our great country as  well as in my home State of Oregon. In fact, nearly 43 percent of  electricity in Oregon comes from this dependable base load power  resource, and it has supported jobs along the Columbia River and  throughout the State.   Two of the three bills under consideration today build upon the  committee's work promoting this emissions-free energy resource. In  fact, the House of Representatives has already passed 10 Energy and  Commerce Committee bills that promote hydropower and modernize the  licensing process so we can get these projects to market faster.   H.R. 2872, the Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing  Nonpowered Dams Act, is authored by my good friend from Indiana and  committee member, Larry Bucshon. Dr. Bucshon's legislation would  promote hydropower development by expediting the licensing process for  these types of facilities: dams that could have hydropower put on them,  but don't right now. We want to take advantage of that power.   H.R. 2872 also requires the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,  U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and Department of the Interior to develop  a list of existing nonpowered Federal dam facilities across the country  that have the greatest potential for non-Federal hydropower  development.   What we want to know is: Where are these dams already in existence so  we can put a generator on, in effect, and generate electricity and  create electricity without emission?   The second hydropower bill under consideration was authored by our  distinguished Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee vice chairman,  Morgan Griffith, from Virginia. Now, Mr. Griffith's bill, H.R. 2880,  the Promoting Closed-Loop Pumped Storage Hydropower Act, unanimously  passed the committee last week. This promotes what is called closed- loop pumped storage hydropower development by streamlining the  licensing for such facilities.   Fundamentally, what happens is you generate power; and, when there is  surplus power, it pumps, puts water on top of a reservoir, and then  when you need to generate energy at peak times, the water comes back  down through a pipe, through another generator, back into a lower  elevation reservoir, and you repeat the cycle. It just really acts like  a battery in some respects and produces, again, emissions, free  hydropower.   The third bill under consideration today was authored by our  committee member Representative Susan Brooks from Indiana, H.R. 1733.  Now, this directs the Secretary of Energy to update the Federal  strategy for recycling used lubricating oil.   Recycling used lubricating oil provides environmental benefits,  reduces energy consumption, which is important, and produces high- quality products for consumers across our country.   Mr. Speaker, cumulatively, these bills underscore the Energy and  Commerce Committee's willingness to reach across the aisle and work  together in a bipartisan way to find commonsense solutions that make a  difference for people across the country that improve the environment  and generate emissions-free energy.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues and the staff on both sides of the  committee for their great work in this case.  [[Page H9812]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support these measures  and get them to the President's desk.   