 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, thank you very much.   Today, I am here to speak on behalf of a good friend and an  exceptional public servant, Chairman Ajit Pai of the Federal  Communications Commission.   I have admired his work throughout his service within the Commission,  which dates back to 2007, when he was in the Office of General Counsel.  Over  [[Page S6241]]  time, he was promoted to become the Deputy General Counsel of the  Federal Communications Commission. In 2012, by voice vote, he was  confirmed by the Senate to serve as a Commissioner, and he has  continued to embody integrity, honesty, and dedication in this role,  something we would expect from a Kansan.   As only the second Kansan ever to be nominated to serve on the  Federal Communications Commission--the first being Bob Wells of Garden  City, KS, who served from 1969 to 1971--Ajit Pai has proven himself to  be a capable and talented leader and one of the smartest people whom I  have ever met, especially when it comes to public policy.   I have worked with him and his staff throughout my time on the Senate  Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee and have traveled with  him throughout our home State. My getting to know him on a personal  level has really been a delight, something that has been a highlight of  my time while serving in the Senate. He is a native of Parsons, KS,  which is a small town in the southeast corner of our State, and he  brings with him an understanding of the challenges that face rural  America. He understands the importance of access to high-speed  broadband and wireless connectivity, and I believe that his roots as a  small town Kansas kid make him exceptionally qualified to advocate for  rural America.   Ajit came to Wichita just this past week to explore ideas and explain  policy opportunities to close the digital divide within local broadband  providers that work in Kansas communities I serve. The lack of  broadband connectivity in parts of rural Kansas has lasting economic,  educational, and public health impacts, and Ajit Pai has prioritized  incentive-based solutions like the Connect America Fund and Mobility  Fund to close this divide in a fiscally responsible and competitively  driven way.   Outside of supporting high-speed broadband build-out to unserved or  underserved areas, Ajit created the Broadband Deployment Advisory  Committee to promote broadband deployment across America, including  removing regulatory burdens and barriers and improving permitting and  the right-of-way process through regulatory reform.   While in Kansas, he was also able to see the great work that was  being done to implement the Next Generation 9-1-1 technology in our  home State. As we know, improving these communications systems is  absolutely necessary to ensure adequate emergency services to rural and  urban Americans alike, and we see that today and over the last several  months with the disasters and tragedies that have occurred in our  country.   Ajit has also proven himself to be a leader who is committed to free  markets, clearly understanding that regulations should be balanced with  pro-growth economic principles that do not unduly harm employers or  stifle innovation. To this end, Ajit Pai announced his intentions to  stand up a new Office of Economics and Data within the FCC to provide  economic analysis of the policies and functions of the agency. We are  looking for thoughtful, data-backed input to the agency that should  lead to market-driven policy decisions the Commission can then hang  their hat on.   Critical issues before the FCC today require this type of expertise;  things such as efficient and effective broadband deployment, quality  spectrum management that schools and libraries desperately need, as  well as hospitals that also desperately need this spectrum, and  fostering innovation just in the general sense. If we want a growing  economy with more jobs, better jobs, higher paying jobs, we need access  to the latest technologies across the country.   As the currently appointed Chair of the FCC, Ajit has improved  openness and transparency within the Commission, eliminated onerous and  duplicative regulations holding up that innovation, and has protected  consumers from illegal and fraudulent robocalls. One recent decision  under his leadership that has received so much attention from consumer  advocates, industry representatives, and policy academics is the FCC  order Restoring Internet Freedom Notice of Proposed Rulemaking.   Under Chairman Pai's leadership, the Commission has collected tens of  millions of comments regarding the agency's proposal to roll back the  2015 open internet order and has extended the deadline so more  interested parties can be heard. This input collection, coupled with  fundamentally improving the rulemaking processes, has increased the  Commission's culture of openness and transparency, something I  certainly support and would continue to encourage.   I believe the Federal Government must ensure a fair and open internet  that is not blocked or slowed. I do not want outdated utility-style  regulations to the internet that were established for telephone  companies in the 1930s. Instead of leaving this important regulatory  framework open to interpretation and change with every new  administration, Congress--the U.S. Senate--and our Commerce Committee  should and must craft bipartisan legislation that preserves the fair  and open internet.   Chairman Pai has taken thoughtful steps toward a long-term solution  by seeking to eliminate the harmful 2015 regulations hindering  broadband deployment and harming an innovative internet ecosystem.   Ajit Pai has repeatedly proven himself to be a public servant of the  highest caliber, with strong integrity and character. I am proud to  recommend his swift confirmation to the Federal Communications  Commission and call on my colleagues to support his nomination. Ajit  Pai is an intelligent, articulate public servant who has the character  and integrity that is required at the Federal Communications  Commission. I support his nomination and ask my colleagues to do the  same.   I yield the floor.   Mr. McCONNELL, Mr. President, as I noted last week, the nominee  before us, FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, has led a fascinating life with two  defining features: hard work and success.   He understands communications policy from just about every angle--no  wonder, given his deep and impressive resume.   He comprehends the needs of rural communities in states like mine, a  product of his own rural upbringing.   He has dedicated himself to issues like advocating for Americans'  First Amendment rights and bringing-more openness and more  accountability to the FCC, an agency that, too often, has earned a  reputation for secrecy.   Chairman Pai is just the kind of person we need over at the FCC.   I was glad to see the Senate advance his nomination last week.   I look forward to confirming him to a new term later this afternoon.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   