 Mr. Speaker, on June 29, 2017, I was not  present for the vote on H.R. 3003. Had I been present, I would  [[Page H5355]]  have voted ``yea'' on rollcall No. 342 (Final Passage of H.R. 3003).    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further  consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 67, and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my very good  friend from California for his graciousness in yielding me this time  and for his wonderful work as a Member of Congress on human rights and  pro-life issues. I thank him for that leadership.   Mr. Speaker, tonight, I rise and note to my colleagues that the news  of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo's diagnosis of terminal liver  cancer was a jarring shock to everyone who admires this champion of  freedom and democracy.   Tonight, the House has under consideration an urgent resolution, a  truly urgent resolution, H. Con. Res. 67, which I introduced, joined by  Ms. Pelosi, and several of the members of the Foreign Affairs  Committee, she and I together, some bipartisanship in a place where we  have had little of it lately. But here we are joined, and we are joined  very strongly on behalf of Liu Xiaobo and his dire, dire situation, and  that of his wife.    The legislation urges the Government of the People's Republic of  China to unconditionally release Liu Xiaobo, together with his wife,  Liu Xia, to allow them to freely meet with friends, family, and  counsel, and seek medical treatment wherever they desire.   The operative language of the resolution makes it very clear that it  recognizes Liu Xiaobo for his decades of  [[Page H5371]]  peaceful struggle for basic human rights and democracy and, again,  urges that he be able to seek medical care, including treatment in the  United States or wherever else he would like to receive it.   I want to thank Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy. This resolution was  introduced yesterday. The majority leader made sure that this  legislation came to the floor just a few hours ago to ensure that we  went on the record as a Congress showing our solidarity of Liu Xiaobo  and his wife and our deep, deep compassion and concern for the plight  that he finds himself in.   I want to thank Speaker Ryan, who also expressed strong concern for  Liu Xiaobo, and, of course, Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer because this  required bipartisan support to bring it up on the UC; and also Ed  Royce, the chairman of the full Committee on Foreign Affairs, the  famous gentleman from California, and, of course, the ranking member,  Eliot Engel.   Mr. Speaker, in February of 2010, I led a bipartisan group of  lawmakers nominating Liu Xiaobo for the Nobel Peace Prize and, at the  same time, nominating two other persecuted Chinese human rights  advocates, Chen Guangcheng and Gao Zhisheng, to be joint recipients of  this most prestigious award. Others, including the great Vaclav Havel,  also pushed for Liu to get this important recognition which we had  hoped would help push the human rights agenda in China.   The Nobel Peace Prize Committee agreed and awarded the Nobel Peace  Prize to Liu Xiaobo for his ``long and nonviolent struggle for  fundamental human rights in China.''   I attended the Oslo ceremony, at the invitation of the family, along  with Leader Pelosi. It was a moving ceremony, Mr. Speaker. The now  famous empty chair spoke volumes about the Chinese Communist Party's  abiding fear that human rights and democracy will undermine its power.  There, on the stage, was this chair without the recipient of the Nobel  Peace Prize.   After that, I held several hearings both in the Subcommittee on  Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International  Organizations and also on the Congressional-Executive Commission on  China, which I co-chair with Marco Rubio. And again, we always had a  picture of the empty chair where Liu Xiaobo should have been rightly  honored and hopefully freed to pursue the righteousness of his human  rights work.   He said, in absentia, that day: ``Freedom of expression is the  foundation of human rights, the source of humanity, and the mother of  truth. To strangle freedom of speech is to trample on human rights,  stifle humanity, and suppress truth.''   Chinese authorities have gone to great lengths to stifle Liu Xiaobo's  ability to speak truth to power. In 2009, he was given an 11-year  prison sentence for ``inciting subversion of state power.''   His wife, Liu Xia, also was detained in de facto form ``house  arrest'' since 2010. She is in urgent need of medical care, as well,  having been hospitalized for a heart condition. Over the past year,  authorities have allowed her to visit her husband only on a very few  occasions.   According to Chinese authorities, Liu's conviction was based on  Charter 08, a treatise signed by over 300 intellectuals and activists.  That document states that freedom, equality, and human rights are  universal values of humankind, and that democracy and constitutional  government are the fundamental framework for protecting these values.   Sadly, Liu Xiaobo and Liu Xia, his wife, are not alone in facing  unjust repression. As of September 2017, the Congressional-Executive  Commission on China, which collects and maintains probably the most  effective and comprehensive political database for any country--and  this is on China--contains information on at least 1,400 cases of known  political or religious prisoners.   According to the annual report, the government of President Xi  Jinping has engaged in an extraordinary assault on the rule of law,  human rights, ethnic minority groups, and civil society in recent  years.   Under Xi's leadership, the Chinese Government has pushed through new  laws and drafted legislation that would legitimize political,  religious, and ethnic repression, further curtail civil liberties, and  expand censorship of the internet. And the whole issue of the one  child, now maybe two child per couple policy, coercion and population  control, continues to harm women and children with extreme hurtfulness.  It is just beyond the pale of what a government should be doing to its  own people.   It is tempting to be pessimistic about China's future and the future  of U.S. relations. Frankly, I am not pessimistic, despite the  circumstances, because I do believe Liu Xiaobo is the future, and  people who have his belief in fundamental human rights.   Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by just saying I believe that someday  China will be free; someday the people of China will be able to enjoy  all of their God-given rights, and a nation of free Chinese men and  women will honor and celebrate Liu Xiaobo as a hero. He will be  honored, along with all of the others like him, who have sacrificed so  much for so long for freedom.   