 Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend from Michigan (Mr.  Huizenga).   I rise today in support of my good friend from Missouri (Mrs.  Wagner's) legislation, H.R. 78, the SEC Regulatory Accountability Act.   The American people have grown tired of unaccountable and unelected  Washington bureaucrats bringing forward burdensome regulations without  fully considering the effect on families in our districts.   This simple and straightforward legislation would enact a statutory  requirement for the SEC to outline enhanced economic analysis  requirements for any new regulations before they can be enacted. It  also requires a review of existing regulations to determine if they are  unduly burdensome or duplicative.   Accountability. The impact of burdensome regulations that lack a  thorough vetting by the SEC can have an  [[Page H435]]  untold effect across our entire economy.   Court cases, Government Accountability Office reports, and the SEC's  own Office of Inspector General have raised important questions and  recommended improvements to various components of the SEC's economic  analysis in its rulemaking.   This legislation would go further by prohibiting the SEC from issuing  a rule when it cannot make a reasoned determination that the benefits  of the intended regulation justify the cost of the regulation. Logic  and reason.    In closing, I support this good-government, commonsense legislation  introduced by Chair Wagner. The SEC Regulatory Accountability Act will  take an important step in preventing the SEC from implementing a  regulation before understanding its full impact on our economy and on  the families in our congressional districts and across the country.   Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   My Republican colleagues, regrettably, want to impose cost-benefit  analysis that tilts towards industry costs because they know something  that they don't want the American people to know. An impartial cost- benefit analysis of Wall Street reform rules would inevitably  demonstrate how wildly beneficial such rules are to the U.S. economy  and to the lives of everyday Americans.   Earlier this week, the bipartisan think tank, Third Way, found that  Dodd-Frank's bank capital rules will add $351 billion--as in B,  billion--to the U.S. economy over the next 10 years. This report  presents a cost-benefit analysis that shows that, while lending becomes  slightly more expensive when banks are required to maintain higher  capital levels, the benefits of mitigating another financial crisis  greatly exceed any costs. This report is one of many which Republicans  intentionally ignore.   Reducing the likelihood of another financial crisis does not come  without cost, but the costs are worth it. Let us not forget the  widespread human suffering that has been felt across this Nation  because of the financial crisis. The 2008 financial crisis destroyed  8.7 million American jobs, wiped out $2.8 trillion in retirement  savings of ordinary Americans, and led to the foreclosure, the loss--15  million Americans lost their homes due to financial mismanagement in  this country.   If those aren't significant costs for policymakers to consider, then  what else is?   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.   