 I am happy to yield.    I was happy to yield. Good to see you.   Mr. President, I want to say a few words about ObamaCare. If you ask  most people in this country ``What is ObamaCare?'' my guess is, they  probably wouldn't know. Those who do might think it has something to do  with the exchanges that would allow people to have coverage who don't  have coverage on their own. They are not in a large group plan and they  are not insured by their employer. They are not covered by Medicaid.  They are not covered by Medicare. Maybe they are not a veteran. And 5  or 6 or 7 percent of the people today get their coverage from something  called the exchanges.   We have large purchasing pools in each State that are insured by  private health insurance. That was not invented by Barack Obama. People  call it ObamaCare, but its roots go back well before he was a U.S.  Senator, much less before he was President of the United States. The  idea of these large purchasing pools in each State--called exchanges-- goes back to, as far as I can tell, 1993, when the new First Lady,  Hillary Clinton, was offering to begin work to find a way to do what I  think every President since Harry Truman has tried to do, and that is  three things: provide better coverage for people in this country, do so  at less cost, and cover everybody. I believe that has been the goal of  every President since Harry Truman.   When Lyndon Johnson was President, some notable progress was made  with the introduction of Medicare and Medicaid. But there were still a  lot of people who, in 1993--in fact, in 2003 and 2008 and 2009--who  didn't have healthcare coverage in this country, tens of millions of  people.   In 1993, when Hillary Clinton worked on what was called--in some  cases derisively--HillaryCare, she and others said to Republicans:  Well, where is your idea? What is your idea? At least we have an idea.  The Republicans apparently turned to the Heritage Foundation and said:  Help us come up with an alternative. And Heritage did. The alternative  they came up with was a market-based approach to providing coverage for  people. The idea was that in every State across the country, something  called an exchange or marketplace would be created, which is really a  large purchasing pool for people who don't have coverage.   So the idea of the exchanges originally suggested by Hillary were  introduced in the U.S. Senate by a Republican Senator from Rhode Island  named John Chafee, who was a very good man, a marine veteran, a former  Governor, and a greatly admired U.S. Senator. He offered legislation to  do five things. As far as I can tell, all ideas were suggested by the  Heritage Foundation.   No. 1, create purchasing pools in every State. People who didn't have  coverage could buy their coverage as a member of a much larger  purchasing pool, and by doing that, bring down the cost of coverage.   The second thing in the Chafee legislation in 1993 was to allow folks  who bought their coverage through the exchanges to be eligible for a  slight tax credit--the lower their income, the bigger the tax credit.  When their income reached a certain level, the tax credit would go  away.   The third component of the Chafee proposal--again, going back to  Heritage--was the idea of individual mandates. You can't make people  get coverage, but in the case of the Chafee legislation, provide for a  monetary fine for people who failed to get coverage. Over time, the  amount of that fine would go up. The idea was to make sure that  younger, healthier people would get healthcare coverage, and they would  sign up for coverage in the exchanges. That way, the insurance  companies would have a healthy mix of people to insure. Otherwise,  people would wait until they were really sick--they need to go see a  doctor, go to the hospital, or have an operation--to get their  coverage, and then the health insurance companies would be left with a  tough mix of people to insure. Financially, that would be very  challenging for health insurance companies. They said: We need  something to ensure that young, healthy people get their coverage  through the exchanges.   The fourth piece of the 1993 legislation offered by Senator Chafee  said that employers of a certain size, with a certain number of  employees, have to cover their employees. You don't have to cover them  100 percent for their insurance and their family's insurance, but they  have to be covered with insurance and have access to health insurance  through their employer.   The fifth and last piece of ObamaCare, which is really the Heritage  Foundation's idea, was a prohibition against health insurance companies  saying to people who have a preexisting condition--they had to cover  people with preexisting conditions in these exchanges.   That is what people think of and call ObamaCare.   Barack Obama is a bright guy. I knew him before he was a U.S.  Senator. I knew him when he was a State senator. He didn't invent it.  It was not made up in his head. The source of those ideas was  originally the Heritage Foundation. I actually think they are good  ideas. I thought they were good ideas then, and I think they are good  ideas now.   Somewhere between 1993 and 2009, when we debated on this floor the  Affordable Care Act--including exchanges, tax credits, the individual  mandate, the employer mandate, a prohibition against insurance  companies not covering people with preexisting conditions--somewhere  between 1993 and the debate here in 2009 on the Affordable Care Act, a  Governor of Massachusetts said: Why don't we try to be the first State  to provide healthcare coverage for everybody? And they took that Chafee  legislation--the Heritage Foundation idea--dusted it off, and turned it  into RomneyCare. It actually worked pretty well. They sure covered a  whole lot of people in that State who hadn't been covered before. They  covered a lot of people who were not eligible for Medicaid, not  eligible for Medicare, maybe not a veteran. They were not receiving  coverage from a large group plan, so they now had an option to get  coverage in the exchanges.   For those who chose not to in Massachusetts, they had to pay a fine.  As it turns out, it was not a very big fine, and it went up over time  but not quickly and not very high. So did some people who were young  and healthy get coverage in the exchanges in Massachusetts? Yes. If you  asked some of the people who were involved with Governor Romney at that  time, they would say that if they had to do it over again, the fine  would have started a little bigger and gone up a little faster in order  to make sure healthier, insurable people got into the exchanges for  their coverage.   Well, in 2009, we were here on this floor and debating what some  people  [[Page S4258]]  still call ObamaCare, but it is something else. It is really  RomneyCare. It is really ChafeeCare. It is really HeritageCare. But it  ain't ObamaCare. It is a market-based idea to get coverage for people.  I think it happens to be a good idea.   Right now, this administration has done their dead level best to  destabilize the exchanges. They made it a question of whether the  individual mandates will be enforced. If young, healthy people decline  to sign up for coverage, will there be a fine they would have to pay?  Will it go up over time? This administration has thrown big doubt on  that. As a result, a lot of young people haven't signed up. They are  not sure they really need to.   We had something in place for a couple of years called CRAs, cost- sharing arrangements. Think, if you will, about people who are buying  their healthcare coverage on the exchanges. Their income is under 250  percent of poverty. For several years now, they have been able to get  help paying down their copays and their deductibles when they get their  coverage on the exchanges.   What this administration has sought to do is throw doubt on whether  those cost-sharing arrangements will continue. What has happened as a  result is the health insurance companies, which lost their shirts in  2014, raised premiums, deductibles, and copays. They lost money again  in 2015, but less. They raised premiums, deductibles, and copays, and  lost money in 2016, but less. Some of them even actually made some  money. They were not in a death spiral. According to Standard and  Poor's, they were actually coming to a stronger financial position.   Enter into that this administration throwing doubt on whether the  exchange are going to be around, the individual mandate is going to be  enforced, these cost-sharing reductions are going to continue to be  offered. That is why a lot of the health insurance companies in this  country decided they are going to get out in different States. They are  not going to offer coverage in a number of States, a number of  counties. That is why. Businesses need certainty and they need  predictability, and that includes health insurance costs. Frankly, they  didn't have that certainty and predictability.   If we are smart about it, we will hit the ``pause'' button and maybe,  before we do anything else, provide the certainty and the stability in  the exchanges that are needed. And for the health insurance companies,  make sure they will offer coverage without having to fear that they  will be back in 2014 and lose their shirts again. That is not why they  are in business.   There are three things that need to be done in order to stabilize the  exchanges.   The first thing that needs to be done is the individual mandate,  which we have by law. It says: If you don't have healthcare coverage,  get your coverage on the exchange. If you choose not to, you have to  pay a fine. Over time, that fine goes up.   We need to preserve something that works like the individual  mandate--maybe, ideally, the individual mandate as it is, and if we  can't get the votes for that, then something that works at least as  well as the individual mandate in making sure people--healthy people  too--get their coverage on the exchanges if they are eligible.   The second thing we ought to do is reinsurance. Senator Kaine,  myself, and others, including some recovering Governors who serve here  in the Senate, have cosponsored legislation that we have described as  reinsurance. I am told it has been around forever in the insurance  business, and it is one of the reasons the Medicare Part D drug program  is successful and works.   The way it works, quite simply, is this: Say an individual who has  serious medical problems gets their coverage in the exchanges. They  first start in 2018. In 2018, 2019, and 2020, for a person who has  significant health challenges and is expensive to insure, the first  $50,000 of their cost to the insurer in a year would be borne by the  insurer. Between $50,000 and $500,000 for one individual for one year,  the Federal Government would pay 80 percent of that. It is reinsurance.   For anything over that in those 3 years, 2018 through 2020, the first  3 years, anything between $50 and $500,000, the Federal Government  would pay 80 percent.   Starting in 2021 and beyond, the reinsurance program would continue,  but it would be a little bit different. In 2021 and beyond, the first  $100,000 of costs incurred by an individual covered by a policy in the  exchange--the first $100,000 would be on the insurance company. They  would have the liability. Anything between $100,000 and $500,000 in one  year for that individual, 80 percent of that cost would be borne by the  Federal Government. Anything above $500,000 from 2021 and beyond would  be borne, again, by the insurance company. It is called reinsurance.   The last piece of the three is to make it clear that these cost- sharing reductions are reduced and make sure that the copays and the  deductibles will continue to be subsidized by the Federal Government.  It will reduce the out-of-pocket costs for people whose income is below  250 percent of poverty.   If we do those three things, the insurance companies tell us we will  stabilize the exchanges. They will have a healthy group of people to  insure. More insurance companies will come in to provide coverage in  States and in counties. More insurance companies providing policies and  coverage leads to competition. The competition leads to better quality  coverage, and the competition leads to lower prices--lower prices for  individuals who are getting their coverage in the exchanges and lower  prices, we are told, for Uncle Sam. The Federal Government, the costs  to the Treasury, will be reduced, as well, if we do these three things.   Again, we are told by the health insurance companies that have been  reluctant to stay in the exchanges, if we do those three things, we  would reduce the cost of premiums in the exchanges by 25 to 35 percent.  That helps individuals get their coverage, and it helps the government,  too, in reducing our exposure. I think that makes a lot of sense.   Unfortunately, what our colleagues here on the floor are talking  about doing--and the rumors we hear about some kind of skinny repeal-- certainly, it doesn't stabilize the exchanges. It does more to  destabilize the exchanges. That isn't where we need to go.   We need to hit the pause button and say: Let's stabilize the  exchanges, and then let's revert to regular order. People have ideas on  health insurance. Let's introduce bills. Let's have hearings with  witnesses who come in and say what is good or what is bad. The  witnesses could include Governors, health insurance folks, providers,  normal people.   Let's have a debate. Let Members offer amendments in committee, have  votes, report the bills out, and eventually bring them here and go  through the same thing. We call that regular order. John McCain, in his  return speech yesterday--thank God he is back--called again and again  for return to regular order. We need to do that, and if we do, we will  end up not with a Democratic victory or a Republican victory or a Trump  victory, we might win a victory for democracy and actually doing what  is right and what needs to be done. That, most of all, is what we need  to do.   I yield the floor.   