 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1628, the  American Health Care Act of 2017.   Mr. Speaker, I have received countless visits, calls, letters and  emails from constituents about this bill. I have heard from hospitals,  doctors, patients, nurses, parents of children with serious illnesses,  researchers and the list goes on. They have one thing in common: they  are afraid of what TrumpCare could do to their patients and to their  families.   H.R. 1628 will not bring down health care costs or improve access.  Indeed, by slashing Medicaid by $880 billion, it will force States to  ration care for our most vulnerable populations. In Massachusetts, this  cut will put the health of 1.9 million people at risk, including  650,000 children, 170,000 seniors and 280,000 people with disabilities.  My state is also being hit hard by the opiate addiction crisis and  cutting Medicaid will cripple our ability to address that problem. It  is also a disgrace that the funding being cut out of Medicaid is being  handed over to insurance companies and the wealthiest Americans in a $1  trillion tax break for the rich.   TrumpCare slashes $175 billion from the Medicare Trust Fund, cutting  its solvency by three years and hurts seniors by letting insurance  companies charge older Americans five times more than they do young  ones. The yearlong bar on reimbursements to Planned Parenthood for non- abortion services means that women will have to go without health  screenings, pre-natal care and well-woman visits. And according to the  C.B.O., 24 million Americans will no longer have health insurance  coverage.   All this begs the question, how does this bill provide better care  for Americans?   But you do not have to take my word for it when I say that this bill  will hurt Americans. Groups like the American Medical Association, the  American College of Physicians, the American Academy of Pediatrics and  the American Nurses Association, just to name a few, are urging  Congress to stop TrumpCare. These are the men and women who are out  there on the front lines everyday treating and healing our fellow  Americans.   To make things worse, TrumpCare is being rushed to the floor with  minimal deliberation. It was introduced less than three weeks ago and  we have not held a single hearing or heard from a single expert witness  on it. Now we are being asked to vote on it despite receiving the  newest version of the manager's amendment late last night. This is not  the regular order and transparency that the Republicans promised.   Mr. Speaker, this bill pushes the cost of health care onto those who  can least afford it while providing massive tax cuts for the wealthy. I  urge my fellow members to defeat this misguided bill and let us begin  the serious work of making real improvements in the Affordable Care Act  for all Americans.   