 Mr. President, the American people understand this bill.  They understand this bill will hurt middle-income families, and they  know this bill will add to the deficit. They understand the Joint  Committee on Tax has scored the bill as adding to the deficit. I hear  so many of my Republican friends talk about these deficit hawks. We  follow the recommendations of our professionals. This bill will add to  the deficit. That is why the American people believe this tax bill,  which has been advertised by Republicans as a tax cut, is not good for  America. It is an extraordinary thing to get the majority of Americans  against a bill that is purported to be a tax cut, because they  understand it is not a tax cut for middle-income families.    Let me give one number. The corporate tax rate under this bill will  be reduced from 35 percent to 21 percent. That is a substantial  reduction in the corporate tax rate. Now, understand that only about 5  percent of the largest businesses in America pay the corporate tax  rate. It isn't a rate paid by small businesses. This is paid by  megacorporations. They are getting a tax cut.   When we look at the cost of that tax cut as scored by the Joint  Committee on Taxation--the professionals--it is about $1.5 trillion of  business tax relief. Guess who pays that $1.5 trillion. It goes on our  national debt, and middle-income taxpayers are going to be asked to  foot the bill.   They get that. They understand this doesn't help middle-income  families. You are not helping middle-income families when you raise the  estate tax limits so fewer families pay the estate tax, which already  affects only the 0.2 percent wealthiest in America. They are getting a  break. Already, we have a concentration of wealth in America. The top 1  percent owns close to 40 percent of the wealth in America. They  understand that doesn't help middle-income families because they  understand that we have seen in America the shrinking of the middle  class and that we have had an increase in income and wealth disparity  in America.   That is not good for our economy. That is not how you grow an economy  or how you grow a middle class. This bill will not grow a middle class.  This bill will make even more extreme the income and wealth disparities  in this country.   They also get it when we talk about what is temporary and what is  permanent. I really appreciate my friends talking about the deficit. Of  course, they don't include the fact that many of these tax provisions  are only temporary, such as the major tax relief for individuals. That  is temporary in nature. The business tax is permanent.   I hear my Republican friends saying that we will just extend it. If  you extend it, the deficit is even larger than the $1.5 trillion. As to  the individuals and the middle-income families who get some of the  benefits of this bill, when we add it all up, they lose. The benefits  they get are temporary, but business tax relief is permanent. This bill  is an assault on middle-income families.   When we take a look at how we are going to have to pay off that  deficit and who is going to pay off that deficit, it is going to be  middle-income families left holding the bill. We know that. That is why  this bill is not popular. That is why we know that it is not good for  middle-income families and it is not good for our economy.   But they even go further. It has been pointed out in the Senate that  they have added a provision that is now in the conference report which  takes out an essential part of the Affordable Care Act on individual  responsibility that would ultimately leave about 13 million Americans  without health insurance.   Why was this done? It was done for two reasons. First, Republicans  have been trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act, and these 13  million people who have benefits today are going to lose it. But a  second thing is that you can use those savings--and they are not real  savings; we are talking about less money being used to help people get  health insurance--to provide additional tax cuts for wealthy Americans  and corporations. So you are knocking 13 million people out of health  insurance and using that money in order to extend these tax breaks for  higher income and businesses. That is unconscionable.   What is going to come next when you are not even subtle about this?  They now are going to say that the deficits are bigger than previously  expected. I hear my friends on the Republican side. They are deficit  hawks. Well, you are not deficit hawks when you deficit-finance a tax  cut. That is not helping this country.   So what comes next? Well, we are going to have to cut Medicaid and  Medicare. Who suffers when you cut Medicaid and Medicare? It is going  to be middle-income families again.   Then we have to take a look at the Federal budget. We have heard some  of my colleagues already talk about this. I see plans right now that we  are going to take it out on the Federal workforce--the Federal  workforce, which has already contributed about $182 billion to the  deficit, through getting pay adjustments below the cost of living,  having freezes, going through continuing resolutions, sequestration,  and government shutdowns, asked to do more with less.   We are talking about critical services to the American people,  whether it is research done at the National Institutes of Health,  whether it is food safety, whether it is veterans services, or whether  we are talking about dealing with the opioid crisis in America. All of  that is in jeopardy, and we know that. We know they are coming back  with cuts in these programs because we now have a bigger deficit as a  result of giving corporations these big tax cuts--not all businesses,  just the biggest businesses--and giving the high-income people this tax  relief. That is why the American people do not like this bill.   We talked about creating jobs. I heard my friend again talking about  creating 1 million jobs under this tax bill--spending $1.5 trillion and  creating 1 million jobs. We had bipartisan legislation in the last  Congress that took a couple hundred billion dollars of one-time only  revenues and said the responsible thing would be to use that to seed  infrastructure. If we could get  [[Page S8129]]  that up to about $300 billion, we create 4 million jobs. So that is 4  million jobs for $300 billion. Here we have 1 million jobs, by their  own number, and spending $1.5 trillion. It is a terrible investment for  the American people. We can do better.   This bill is also an attack on our States. It is an attack on  Marylanders. It is an attack on the State of Maryland. Marylanders will  come out much worse under this bill. There are many reasons for it, but  one of the major reasons is that the bill eliminates the deduction for  State and local taxes. I am going to talk for a moment about that  because I did serve in the State legislature, as did many of the  Members of this body. I believe we should respect State and local  government. It is the same taxpayer who pays local taxes, pays State  taxes, and pays Federal taxes. Ever since we adopted a Federal income  tax, one of the only provisions that remains intact throughout the  entire history of the income tax is to say that we are not going to tax  on tax. We are not going to impose taxes on State and local taxes.  That, of course, was one of the reasons why a constitutional amendment  was changed, to allow income taxes, and now we are breaking that  commitment on Federalism.   We are really breaking the constitutional spirit to tell our State  and local governments that we are going to impose taxes on taxes and  make it more difficult for them to raise the revenue they need in order  to finance State and local services.   In Maryland, about 45 percent of Marylanders use the State and local  tax deduction. We happen to rank No. 1 in the Nation on the number of  taxpayers that use State and local tax deductions on their Federal  income tax returns.   The average amount in Maryland on deductions for State and local  taxes is $12,900. That is the average. So the average taxpayer in  Maryland is going to pay more taxes as a result of the $10,000 limit  imposed in this bill. But it even gets worse for Marylanders, and I  think this is going to be typical in a lot of States around the Nation.  Maryland has an itemized deduction. It has standardized deductions on  their income taxes, as many States do. But I think Marylanders are  going to be surprised to find out they may not qualify for itemizing  their deductions at the Federal level because, as a result of the  changes that have been made here, only about 5 percent of the people in  this country will still use the itemized deduction.   So go and do your Federal taxes, then go do your State taxes,  expecting to be able to deduct the State items, only to find that if  you haven't deducted at the Federal level, you can't deduct at the  State level because we harmonize in our enforcement with the Federal  Government. You didn't think about that when you put this provision in  the bill.   I heard my friend say we had hearings. We didn't have hearings on  that provision. We have never had a hearing on that provision. We never  brought State people into our committee and say: What happens if we  raise the deduction? What impact does it have on the States? What are  the impacts on the States if we eliminate State and local tax  deductions? We haven't had those discussions.   Quite frankly, it is going to be more challenging for our States and  local governments to meet their needs. They have the primary function  for educating our children and keeping our communities safe. That is a  primary function of local government, and sanitation and dealing with  public health. It is going to be much more challenging for our State  and local governments to be able to do their finance. Did we consider  that when we took up this bill? The answer is no. There are so many  consequences to this bill that have not really been thought out. Let me  just give a few.   There is a reason why people concerned about the real estate industry  are concerned about this bill. The limitations we put on the deductions  of property taxes and the limitations that have been increased on the  amount of interest you can deduct on mortgages will all have an impact  on property values. Properties that Americans own will be less valuable  with the passage of this bill because they will not be able to get the  same tax advantages as they had prior to it. Have we thought about that  impact? Have we thought about what that does to wealth and middle- income families? Have we thought about what impact that has on assessed  evaluations on local governments that depend upon property taxes? There  has been no consideration of that.   I met this week with leaders in our nonprofit community in Baltimore.  We went over some of the issues they deal with in providing help to our  community. Several were faith-based-type charitable groups. I went over  what impact it is going to have with the restrictions on the number of  people who are now going to be using itemized deductions.   One of the charitable faith-based groups I met with told me that the  overwhelming majority of their givers are in the middle income. Today,  they are able to take a deduction because they use itemized deductions.  Under this bill, most of those families are going to fall within the  standard deduction and will no longer be itemizing their deductions on  their Federal tax returns.   Now, they don't know what impact that is going to have. But when  their givers find out there is no tax advantage to that gift, you know  it is going to have an impact. We know that. Charitable giving is going  to be down. I hear my colleagues talk frequently that a lot of what we  do to help people is that we rely upon the private sector. We rely upon  the charitable groups. Did we have the courtesy to bring them into a  hearing to understand the impact this is going to have? No, it is going  to have a negative impact on our nonprofit charitable groups, and that  is another consequence of this legislation, that we don't have the full  impact to understand.   Let me talk just a minute about this 20 percent deduction on  passthrough income. Just so people in this country understand, this is  a rather complicated provision that was added to the bill. It provides  additional tax relief for businesses that do not use the C tax rate.  These are our partnerships, our S corporations, our limited  partnerships, and our sole proprietorships. Understand what we are  trying to do here. Because we have cut the corporate rates so low--down  to 21 percent from 35 percent--we recognize that other businesses now  are going to be at a disadvantage. That is true. So we are trying to  figure out some way to give them tax relief.   Now, I have heard my colleagues talk about simplifying the Tax Code.  This provision does anything but simplify the Tax Code. It has what is  known as guardrails as to how we calculate how much you can take, up to  the 20 percent of the distribution, as a nontaxable event. That  guardrail affects the type of business you are doing, it affects the  amount of assets you have, it affects the amount of salaries you give,  the labor that is done within it, whether it is actually services  performed by the partnership or not. My goodness, it is a minefield for  accountants and tax lawyers to now develop shelters.   I am old enough to remember the 1986 tax debates here in the United  States Congress. I was not part of the Congress. I was in the State  legislature at the time. I remember the effort to get rid of shelters,  because shelters are an inefficient way that you set up business  structures in order to minimize taxes. Well, this passthrough provision  is going to be used as shelters. There is no question about it. We have  had no hearings at all as to how we are going to deal with that  problem.   Then I heard one of my colleagues on the Republican side talk about  how this is going to bring all these jobs back home.   Let me make this clear. What this bill does is move toward a  territorial tax system. What does that mean? That means companies today  that outsource some of their work to another country will be able to  pay only that country's tax rate rather than the U.S. tax rate. That  means that in some cases they will be able to pay less in taxes. What  they can now do--because we are harmonizing to a territorial tax, we  are rewarding some companies to outsource.   Do we understand what the lower tax rates for corporations--what the  net impact will be on jobs in America? All we hear is: Oh, we are going  to create new job opportunities because we have lower rates for  businesses. But we don't  [[Page S8130]]  tell the American people that they can keep those jobs overseas and pay  a lower tax rate. Let's be honest about that.   Why didn't we have a hearing on that part? The consequences are far  from understood.   I have heard several of my colleagues talk on the floor of the Senate  about preserving credits, that we preserve this credit--like you are  getting credit for leaving something in the Tax Code. Let me say  something. Credits are important. In the city of Baltimore, we have  used low-income housing tax credits, historic tax credits, and new  market tax credits to generate a lot of economic activity. It is very  difficult to put together a major economic program within our urban  centers. I could point to West Baltimore and how we have used all those  tools for urban redevelopment. I could point to our arts district and  how that has been used.   I know this. Credits are not going to be worth as much under this  bill as they were before because we have changed the value of a tax  credit. What impact is that going to have? I don't know. The problem  is, none of us know, but it is going to have a consequence. It is going  to affect economic growth, and it is not going to be positive. We  haven't taken steps to try to counter that.   I noticed there were some changes in the renewable energy sector. I  don't fully understand all the changes, but I do know those who are  involved in wind and solar believe that what we have done will make it  more difficult for them to get investors. It sort of looks as if,  perhaps, this was an effort to help the fossil fuel industry.   When you look at the ANWR provision, which opens up the pristine  areas of the Arctic to drilling in Alaska, you know that this bill is  tilted toward fossil fuels rather than having a level playing field for  America's energy. I worry, is this the first step to mid-Atlantic  drilling off the Atlantic coast off of Maryland? I worry about the  impact it could have on the Chesapeake Bay.   I must confide that I have been in conversations with some of my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle, asking whether we will cooperate  on a corrections bill. I find that amazing. We haven't passed this bill  yet, and we are talking about the process to correct the mistakes that  are clearly in this bill. That is not the way we should be legislating.  We know that we are going to have to revisit the passthrough provisions  because we know they are not drafted right. We know the tax credits are  going to need additional time. We know the energy provisions are going  to have to be revised. We know we have done damage to middle-income  families who are going to demand we correct this. Why don't we get it  right the first time? Why do we have to look at passing a bill that we  know is badly flawed?   The last point I want to make is, there has been a commitment that  when we take up a tax bill--don't we want to simplify the Tax Code, so  Americans understand it better and feel more comfortable that everyone  is being treated fairly? Secondly, the one argument I hear from all  stakeholders is: Make the Tax Code predictable so that we can plan.  Give us the rules. Don't change the law all the time. Don't put  temporary provisions in there because Congress has a habit of missing  extender dates. We have already missed extender dates in this Congress,  and now we are talking about leaving town this week while we have  provisions that have expired, such as the Children's Health Insurance  Program.   What does this tax bill do? It has numerous provisions that expire,  some within a short period of time, adding uncertainty to our Tax Code  and the planning of our Tax Code. This bill is anything but simplifying  the Tax Code, and it is certainly not providing predictability.   The American people get it. That is why they believe this bill should  not be passed. It is an assault on middle-income families. It is  dangerous to our national security because it increases our deficit. It  will hurt millions of people who will lose their health coverage, and  it should be defeated.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Wicker). The Senator from Alaska.   