 Mr. President, I wish to start off my remarks by thanking  Senator Sasse for us being able to work on this bill together. This is  a good bill. He is exactly right--that this bill came out of the  Presiding Officer's committee last year, the Committee on Homeland  Security and Governmental Affairs. We met in the hallway and said:  Let's fix this problem, because it is a problem. We have a bill on the  floor today that does exactly that. It is a good-government bill. As  the Senator from Nebraska has already pointed out, it is a truly  bipartisan bill.   The GAO Access and Oversight Act makes the government more  transparent and more accountable to our taxpayers.   Congress passed legislation in 1996 that created the National  Directory of New Hires at the Department of Health and Human Services.  Since that time, Congress has amended the law to permit other Federal  agencies to access the directory. Today, Departments such as the  Department of Education and the Department of the Treasury  [[Page S335]]  can access the directory for information on the collection of defaulted  student loans or the collection of delinquent Federal loans, but the  GAO--the Government Accountability Office--has not been allowed access  to this directory.   Now, by clarifying that the GAO has the authority to access the  National Directory of New Hires, we can ensure that the taxpayers'  watchdog is more easily able to do its job and root out Federal  overpayments as well as waste, fraud, and abuse.   Federal agencies reported nearly $125 billion in improper payments in  fiscal year 2014 alone--that is $125 billion with a ``b.'' By allowing  the GAO access to this directory, Congress will provide the office with  a critical tool that can help save taxpayers billions of dollars in  unnecessary waste.   Once again, I thank the Senator from Nebraska for reaching across the  aisle and working in a bipartisan fashion. This bill has strong support  from Senators on both sides of the aisle, and--guess what--it passed  unanimously in the House of Representatives.   I agree with folks across the country who have made themselves heard.  They want a more transparent government, a more accountable government,  and a more efficient government, and that is exactly what this bill  does. That is why I encourage a ``yes'' vote on this good-government  bill today.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Nebraska.   