 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Idaho  for yielding. I certainly commend Mrs. Comstock for the outstanding job  she has done on this.   I stand here in strong support of this bill. It is absolutely  essential that this Congress does everything it can to eradicate and  destroy MS-13. It would be shameful not to.   MS-13 has turned my district into killing fields. In the last year  and a half, 17 innocent young people have been slaughtered with  machetes and knives by MS-13. These are all young people, and these are  children of legal and illegal immigrants documented and undocumented.  It is the immigrant community that is being turned into a chamber of  horrors by MS-13. Children are afraid to go to school; their parents  are afraid to allow their kids to go out at night.   There have been 270 arrests in the last year alone. MS-13 is  terrorizing communities in my district within 15 to 20 minutes of my  home.   I am proud that this bill has been endorsed by the Sergeants  Benevolent Association of the NYPD.   Also, when I talk about 17 murders, it is exactly 1 year ago this  week that two young teenage girls, Nisa Mickens and Kayla Cuevas, both  constituents of mine, were found slaughtered, their bodies desecrated,  mutilated, and torn apart by MS-13 because they happened to be in the  wrong place at the wrong time--no gang connections, nothing whatsoever.   So this is something which has required extensive coordination  between the Suffolk County Police Department, ICE, Homeland Security  Investigations, Homeland Security, FBI task forces, and the U.S.  Attorney's Office all working around the clock to try to eradicate this  evil.   But more has to be done, and that is what this bill is about. We  cannot allow gang members to be taking advantage of loopholes in the  immigration laws. To me, nothing could be more shameful than for us not  to do our job. Nothing would be more violative of our role under the  Constitution to protect people from all enemies foreign and domestic  than for us not to pass legislation such as this. This is absolutely  essential. This isn't theoretical, and this is not hypothetical.   For those who are concerned about immigrants and those who are  concerned about DACA--and I support DACA--and those who are supportive  of the helpless in our society, how can you take any action which would  prevent us from going after MS-13? MS-13 is a violent and vicious gang,  and if we don't stand together as one, if we continue to make  hypothetical arguments or a parade of horribles, we are subjecting and  putting more young people--innocent young people--documented and  undocumented, in the line of fire and putting them into the killing  fields.   I applaud the President, I applaud the Attorney General, and I also  support the Democratic leaders in Suffolk County, all of whom have come  together in a bipartisan effort to stamp out MS-13. But we must do  more. This bill is a major step in that direction. I am proud to  support it. I am proud to stand with Mr. Goodlatte, Mr. Labrador, and  Mrs. Comstock in doing this.   This is reality. This isn't make-believe. This isn't something we can  dream about, something that may go bad. This is going bad day after day  after day in my district and districts throughout the country. These  are animals. They need to be eradicated from our society, and this bill  is a major step in that direction.   Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of the bill and urge its  adoption.   