 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time  to me.   Mr. Speaker, this is one of those mundane issues that 95 percent of  America doesn't understand. I didn't understand much about it a while  back because I don't have any proxy advisers. I do have money in  retirement funds. I do get those 100-page documents in the mail,  saying, ``We are having a proxy fight and you should read it,'' in the  smallest print possible, and I do what 95 percent of America  [[Page H10322]]  does when I get those: I throw them right in the trash.   Now, that doesn't make me smart. It just means I can't read through  that stuff. I can't understand what they are doing with my pension  funds. I kind of have to go on faith that they are not sticking it to  me. That is what most of us do, and most anybody listening to this,  that is the only thing they have to do with this issue.   So I went out and found out what is a proxy adviser. Here is what it  is.   The pension funds--not always, but mostly pension funds--that invest  my pension money do it all across the board. Many of them are small.  Some of them are big. And when it comes time to reading those 100-page  documents and the thousands of companies they invest in, they go and  hire somebody to help them do it, a proxy adviser. They go through  those documents with accountants and actuaries and give them advice.  Not a demand--advice.   Now, I don't know about you. I get advice from my lawyer on occasion.  I get advice from my accountant on occasion. I get advice from my  priest on occasion. And it is none of your damn business what advice  they give me, because two of them I am paying and one of them loves me.   When a person or an entity hires someone else to give them advice, it  is no one else's business what that is. This bill says it is. It now  would be the business of the company about whom they are giving the  advice.   I paid them. Why should I share that information with you? That is  what a proxy adviser is. It is not some big swami sitting in the back  sticking it to big corporations. It is a paid adviser.   Now, we have heard, oh, terrible things that these advisers do.   Who do they work for? Well, they work for pension funds--mostly  pension funds, by the way, that are public pension funds, not all. They  have the pension money of teachers, firefighters, police officers,  trash collectors, water workers all across this country.   And then there are private pension funds that work for union members:  the AFL-CIO, the Bricklayers, the SEIU. That is who is doing most of  this investing on behalf of little people like me who don't have the  knowledge or the time to be able to go through 100 pages of really fine  print, really detailed stuff, to determine which person I should vote  for on a board of a company I don't know much about. That is it.    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional  30 seconds to the gentleman from Massachusetts.    Mr. Speaker, let's figure out who are the worst of the  worst of the people who hire these people.   Well, it turns out the Dominican Sisters hire a proxy adviser. Oh,  they are put together for the very purpose of ripping the heart out of  corporate America. Those Dominican Sisters, they are evil investors.   Let's not forget the Daughters of Charity. Oh, terrible, terrible  people. They are so busy caring for the poorest people in the world  that they take time out of that in order to find a way to stick it to  the biggest corporate people in the country.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again expired.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional  30 seconds to the gentleman from Massachusetts.    Mr. Speaker, they use proxy advisers.   Let me see. Who wants this bill? Every corporation in America. Why?  They don't want you knowing what they are doing.   Let's see. Whose side am I on? I think if I have a choice between  being on the side of the biggest corporations in this country or being  with the Dominican Sisters, I am choosing the Dominican Sisters. They  are doing God's work. They use and need proxy advisers. Leave them  alone.   