 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, here in America we hope that families  will have the opportunity to build successful lives in preparation for  a beautiful retirement. That involves many different factors. It  involves the solvency of Social Security. It involves the foundation of  a good, living-wage job. It involves, certainly, the question of  whether, through one's life, they are able to save for retirement.   This has become more and more important over time because fewer and  fewer jobs have a retirement pension plan. Without that, it is really  incumbent on the individual to be able to succeed to put money aside,  and we know how difficult it is for an ordinary working family to have  the extra funds to be able to put into a retirement account. Certainly,  we want to make that as simple and as easy as possible. But what we  know is that the simplest strategy--which is to be able to save through  your work, to be able to have funds automatically deducted from your  paycheck so you never actually get it in your hands--is often  unavailable.   According to one 2013 study, 40 percent of small business owners  themselves had no retirement savings, 75 percent had no plan to fund  their own retirement, and of those who are working for employers who  hire and have 100 or fewer employees, more than 60 percent--62 percent  of the workers--do not have access to a work-based retirement plan.   We can imagine the difference between going to work at a job where  the employer says: Hey, we have a retirement plan. You just need to  sign this document, and you will be part of it. Please sign up. After a  few months, if you feel you can't afford to keep setting those funds  aside, you can change what you are doing. You have that flexibility.  You can choose between options for different types of investments. But  it is all right there. It is all very easily accessible. All you have  to do is do it. The difference between that and a situation where there  is nothing in the workplace--no benefit in the workplace, no retirement  structure--is that in that situation it becomes a much more complicated  undertaking.   Fifty-five million Americans--nearly half of private sector workers-- work for employers that do not offer any form of workplace retirement  saving or pension plan. Roughly 45 percent of working-age households,  half of which are headed by someone between 45 and 65 years old, lack  any type of retirement account asset.   So if there is no structure to make it simple to plan for retirement,  it is more likely that one goes into those golden years without any  form of gold; that is, without the resources in the bank to back up  Social Security.   We know that more than half of the folks who are on Social Security  depend on it for more than 90 percent of their income. Or, more simply  stated, for more than half of Americans in retirement, Social Security  is essentially their only source of support, and it is often not enough  to maintain even the minimal essentials of life.   Why is it that so many businesses don't set up a workplace plan? What  it  [[Page S2070]]  really boils down to is complexity for the employer. A lot of small  businesses don't have a human resources person. They don't have an  extra individual who can do the administrative work to set it up. Maybe  the plan requires a match, and the employer isn't sure they will be  able to afford a match. There are all sorts of reasons that this is  complicated. It is difficult either financially or just in terms of  additive overhead for a small business. So they don't set up the plan.   We know that if they had a plan, employers would participate. We know  that because in States that have plans, the employers participate. In  addition, the General Accounting Office did a study in 2015 which found  that the overwhelming majority of workers would participate in an  employer-sponsored retirement plan if they had the opportunity to do  so.   So this brings us to the fact that many States are saying: Let's make  it easier for employees. There are 30 States that are looking at the  possibility of the State setting up a retirement plan that wouldn't be  attached to a single employer, so that an individual could carry it  with them. For example, imagine that your teenager has their first job  serving yogurt--one of the jobs that my daughter had--or as a lifeguard  at a local swimming pool or serving coffee--those first service jobs  they get. What would happen if, from that first job, 3 percent of their  income was placed automatically into a retirement account--a retirement  account that they could control the options of, a retirement account  where they could increase the amount of their income to go into it if  they wanted, or a retirement account that they could always opt out of  if they chose to do so. But if they were automatically enrolled, we  know the vast majority of individuals stay in the plan. If you go,  then, automatically from job to job to job--and in our economy that is  the way it works; people don't sign up with one company and serve there  for 30 or 40 years--in every job 3 percent was being automatically  deducted. Then when you actually went into retirement, you would have a  sizable nest egg to complement Social Security.   That is what States are looking at. That is what they are pursuing.  In more than half of the country, States are considering legislation to  create a retirement savings opportunity for small business employees  who do not have a work-based plan. Seven States, including my home  State of Oregon, are already working at implementing these plans. On  July 1 of this year, Oregon is going to launch its plan with a  voluntary pilot group, and then it is going to expand to employers with  10 or more workers in 2018 and finally to all employers in the State in  2019.   Under this plan, employees who do not have an employer-provided  savings account will be allowed to save part of their paycheck in their  own personally managed accounts, and it will be automatically deducted  unless the employee decides to opt out. Once it expands to all  employers, 800,000 Oregon workers are expected to have access to a  State-sponsored retirement savings program. Again, this will be an  automatic-in, opt-out strategy to make it really simple.    In Oregon, 95 percent of our businesses are made up of small  businesses. More than half of our workers are employed by those small  businesses. So this is a pretty good arrangement to facilitate this  opportunity.   Now, here is something that we may not immediately think about. When  an employee saves for their retirement and is, therefore, financially  better off in retirement, it reduces the cost of government programs.  Within the first decade after these plans are established, total State  spending on Medicaid could drop by $5 billion. In Utah, a recent study  found that the State would save $3.7 billion for five essential  government support programs--not just Medicaid--over the course of 15  years.   When I first read about Medicaid costs dropping because of a  retirement plan, I said: How does that work?   It turns out to be very simple. If you have saved money and are  financially better off, you are not in a position where you would be in  the Medicaid Program, thus reducing the number of people who are in it.  This study found that over 10 years, for the States that are already  working to implement plans, California would save more than half a  billion dollars; Maryland would save more than $100 million;  Connecticut and Oregon, about $60 million a piece; and Illinois, a  quarter of a billion dollars. So that is just an interesting piece that  we should be recognizing--that when families do better, not only do  they do better, but they lower the cost of government programs, which I  think many folks here, on both sides of the aisle, would say would be a  terrific thing.   Then there is this principle of experimentation at the State level.  Why would we in this Chamber, having failed to provide an automatic-in,  opt-out opportunity as people move around the country to various jobs,  having failed to do a Federal version of this, stop our municipalities  and our States from experimenting to see if this is something that will  increase the success of our families? Why would we stop a State from  experimenting?   Now, I hear all the time here about States' rights. I hear all the  time about how States are the place for experimentation, to see what  works and what doesn't work, innovation. Give them the opportunity to  try things. Well, this Congressional Review Act proposal says the  opposite. It says: Let's stomp out experiments by our municipalities.  Let's devastate and decree that you cannot experiment and innovate at  the State level on a very significant challenge facing America. So  whether you want families to succeed or whether you simply believe in  the power of local innovation and opportunity, you should be against  this proposal.   What this proposal is about is this: There is a twist in the national  retirement law known as ERISA that an employer might possibly have  liability related to an employee signing up for a State-sponsored or a  municipality-sponsored account. Well, that pretty much puts a wet  blanket over employers signing up under these State plans or under  these local plans, because the thought that you might have liability  for something you have no control over doesn't sound like a good place  to be. So to correct or clarify this, a regulation was issued and it  should be obvious why it is right, which is that the employer will not  have liability over provisions of a State- or municipal-sponsored  retirement account. They didn't set it up. The employer didn't advocate  it. The employer is not choosing where the investments go within the  account. They are not deciding which companies' retirement plans get to  participate as options or whether there are even company retirement  plans. The employer is not doing any of that. The employer is simply  the host. The whole point of the plan is to make it very easy for the  employer, because that has been the burden in the past of an employer- by-employer plan. In this case, it is just automatically set up.   In States like Oregon, they are setting up a pilot project, where  employers are willing to experiment and be a part of it so they can  learn from that. Then, they can design a better plan for larger small  businesses, those that have more than 10 employees. Then, they can make  it, after having worked the kinks out of it, work for everyone,  including very small employers. If along the way they run into an  obstacle, they can pause and work on that.   This is absolutely the best in policy strategy in America. Give  municipalities, give States the opportunity to experiment, and on an  issue that can help families thrive, help our young ones thrive.   I know that my son and my daughter are going to be better prepared  for retirement and in a better financial position if, in every job they  pursue in Oregon, they are automatically saving 3 percent of their  income--or more if they choose to or less if they opt out. But  certainly, the vast majority of workers, once in a plan, stay in the  plan. It is kind of how it is with deductions on your Federal and State  taxes. When it comes out of your payroll automatically, you get used to  it, you adjust to it, and you say: Hey, that works.   So, to my colleagues, please oppose this Congressional Review Act  proposition that will squash innovation by municipalities, and its  companion will squash programs by States--programs that are very  valuable, both for us to understand possible important policies to help  set a platform for the success of our families, and it is very  important  [[Page S2071]]  to the families themselves. Please vote no.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, the most important words in our  Constitution are the first three words. Our Founders made sure that,  when the Constitution was written, those were displayed--``We the  People''--in super-sized font so that, generations later, we would not  forget what our Constitution is all about.   Our Constitution was not crafted to create a government that would  make decisions by and for the powerful. It was not crafted to create a  government that would make decisions by and for the privileged. That  was the power of the ``we the people'' vision, as President Lincoln so  eloquently stated, ``a government of, by, and for the people.'' Well,  that is the vision we have the responsibility of maintaining, and it is  a vision that is facing a dramatic test in this coming week--a test  that affects the integrity of this body, a test that affects the  integrity of the Supreme Court.    Back in January of last year, a Supreme Court seat came open. A  Supreme Court seat for which the President had a responsibility to  nominate a replacement, a new Justice to serve on the Court. We here in  the Senate had a responsibility--a responsibility to exercise advice  and consent. That meant that we would vet the nominee, that we would  research, have a committee hearing, have a committee vote, and then  forward it to the floor, where we would have a floor debate. But for  the very first time in the history of the United States of America, the  majority party decided that they would not exercise their  constitutional responsibility, that they would instead steal this seat  from the Obama administration, wrap it up, pack it into a time capsule,  and send it into the future, in hopes that they would be able to  succeed in packing the Court by having a different President, a more  conservative President, proceed to fill the vacancy.   I am going to go through the 16 cases in our history where there has  been a vacancy during an election year, and in 15 cases, the Senate  acted. But last year, this Chamber refused to act, for the first time,  in trying to exercise a seat-stealing, Court-packing scheme, and that  diabolical act against our Constitution will have its final chapter of  discussion next week. I think it is important that the Members of the  Senate understand the history of the United States of America and the  setting in which this debate is going to occur.   If you read the Constitution from start to finish, nowhere does it  say that the Senate has the option of refusing to consider a Supreme  Court nominee in the final year of a Presidency. This strategy was  announced within hours of Judge Scalia dying. And why would the  majority choose to reject their responsibility under their oath of  office? Why would they choose to do that? Certainly it wasn't because  Merrick Garland wasn't qualified. He hadn't been nominated yet.  Certainly it wasn't because there was a precedent because there was no  precedent in U.S. history for stealing a Supreme Court seat.   Here is what transpired. The majority said: This might be a nominee  who will fight for the ``we the people'' vision of our Constitution,  and we don't want that because we are committed to a different vision-- a vision of government by and for the most powerful people in the  United States of America--and we want to make sure that the Court has a  5-to-4 majority to keep turning the Constitution on its head,  destroying the vision that this Constitution, our Constitution, was  designed for.   Well, the President proceeded to carry out his responsibility despite  the fact that the majority said: We are not going to consider your  nomination because we are not going to honor our responsibilities under  the Constitution.  [[Page S2077]]  Despite that, the President said he would honor his responsibility, and  he nominated Merrick Garland on March 16.   The story here in the Chamber was that if he was on this floor, he  would have plenty of votes, far more than 60 votes to be confirmed. So  that kind of hardened the opposition, because there were more than 60  Senators who were going to say: Yes, let's embrace this mainstream  judge who wants to fight for our ``we the people'' Constitution. But  the leadership said no.   What have we seen unfold over the last few years of dark money ruling  American campaigns? In 2014, we saw the Koch brothers decide that they  wanted to control this Chamber, so they said: We are going to spend  vast sums to elect a majority that will respond to our perspective as  billionaires, coal and oil billionaires, kind of like a government by  and for the powerful.   So they spent huge sums of money in Arkansas and in Louisiana and in  North Carolina and in Iowa and in Colorado and in Alaska and in my home  State of Oregon, and they won most of those States. Suddenly, there was  the majority they had hoped for.   Then they sent a warning message to the Republican leadership in the  form of this: In January 2015, the Koch brothers said: Pay attention  because we plan to spend nearly $1 billion in the next election, 2  years from now, and if you cross us, you might know the consequences  because we can spend money in primaries as well as in general  elections.   That is the background on how the Senate majority decided to steal  this seat for the first time in U.S. history.   Just to make sure we are checking all of our facts on this, let's  take a look at those various vacancies. As I mentioned, there have been  16 in our history. In one group of nominations, those vacancies  occurred after the election, so there was very little time for the  Senate to act.   Nominee John Jay--President John Adams--was nominated on December 18.  At that point in time, the new President took office in March, so there  wasn't very much time, but nonetheless the Senate acted and confirmed  the nominee, and, in kind of an interesting twist of fate, the nominee  turned down the post.   When Ward Hunt was nominated by Ulysses Grant in December of 1872-- again, just a couple of months before the next President would come  in--the Senate acted.   Let's take a look at William Woods. The nominee from President  Rutherford Hayes was also nominated in December of that year, just  months before the new President would come in, but nevertheless the  Senate acted.   In all three cases, they confirmed the nominee within that short  period of time. They debated. They vetted. They acted. They fulfilled  their responsibility under the Constitution.   Now there is another group of nominees in an election year where the  vacancy occurred before the election, but the nominee was nominated  after the election, and there are four in that group. We have President  John Quincy Adams, who nominated John Crittenden. The day he nominated  him was in December of 1828--again, just a few months before the new  President would take office--and in that case, it was proceeded to be  acted on by the Senate. The Senate chose to postpone the action, but  they acted. They took a vote. They decided.    There was Jeremiah Black, the nominee, in February 1861. There was a  motion to proceed. The Senate voted, and they rejected it.   Then we have a nominee from Abraham Lincoln in 1864, and that  nomination was confirmed.   Finally, under President Dwight Eisenhower, there was William  Brennan, and that nomination was confirmed as well.   In all of these cases, even though the nomination occurred after the  election and there was little time, the Senate acted.   There is a set of nine more nominations that occurred in an election  year, and these are cases where both the vacancy occurred before the  election and the nomination occurred before the election.   Nominee William Johnson under Thomas Jefferson. Final result: The  Senate acted. They confirmed.   Edward King under President John Tyler. The Senate acted. They  rejected that nomination, but they acted. They tabled it.   Edward Bradford under Millard Fillmore. They proceeded to again  reject the nomination, but the Senate acted.   Melville Fuller--nominee under Grover Cleveland--was confirmed. And  realize this was in May of that year.   George Shiras under Benjamin Harrison. He was confirmed. That  happened in July that the nomination occurred.   Brandeis under Woodrow Wilson. He was nominated in January.  Confirmed.   John Clarke, also Under Woodrow Wilson. Nominated in July. Confirmed.   All of these were before the election in a parallel case to the  situation with Justice Scalia passing away and a nomination in the  election year.   Benjamin Cardozo was nominated by Herbert Hoover. He was confirmed.   So there we have 16 cases--actually, I have only mentioned 15 so  far--15 cases in our history in an election year, and in each and every  case, the Senate acted--in each and every case except for the tragedy,  the desecration of the Senate process that occurred last year.   Merrick Garland was nominated by Barack Obama in February. No action.  The first no action in U.S. history. The first stolen seat in U.S.  history.   Let's understand that this is politics out of control when Senators  would ignore their oath of office, would proceed to engage in a Court- packing scheme and steal a Supreme Court seat. This is politics  completely unhinged. This is driven by the dark money of the Koch  brothers. This is the powerful, behind-the-scenes puppet master telling  the Senate what to do because they cannot afford to have a Justice who  hadn't been appropriately vetted by conservative think tanks to make  sure how they will vote on Citizens United possibly get on the Supreme  Court. Nobody knew how Merrick Garland would vote on Citizens United.  On the Democratic side, we worried that he might sustain it. On the  Republican side, they worried that he might strike it down and be a  ``we the people'' Justice. But instead of engaging in responsible  Senate action required by our oath of office, for the first time in  U.S. history, the majority, driven by a powerful special interest, the  Koch brothers, decided to steal the seat.   So that is the setting in which next week's debate will occur. We  have heard some very self-righteous words coming from the majority side  saying: Look how qualified he is. How could you possibly say there is  anything wrong with this nomination?   Well, I asked my fellow colleagues to realize the reality of what  they are engaged in, that they had a responsibility and that every  Senate majority in U.S. history exercised that responsibility until  last year. And it corresponds to this enormous growth of dark, secret  money under Citizens United entering our campaigns. It corresponds to  the threat that the Koch brothers made in January of 2015 that they  were going to spend nearly $1 billion in the 2016 election.   One of our Republican colleagues said he thought the Senate should do  their job. He thought we should hold a debate, we should hold a vote.  And there was a tremendous pressure brought to bear on that colleague  from the suppliers of this dark money, and then 3 days later he changed  his position.   This is a corruption of the very foundation of our democracy, and  that is why there is only one legitimate nominee who President Trump  should put forward to end this act of theft, to honor the integrity of  the responsibility of the Senate, and that is Merrick Garland. We don't  know where he stands on lots of issues. He has been a judge who came  right down the middle. He has been a judge whom everybody respected. He  wasn't from the extreme. But the process of stealing the seat was to  get a judge whom everyone knew where he stood, because they wanted to  make sure that he would sustain Citizens United, that he would take the  corporate side against the consumer time after time after time. This is  why there is a tragedy unfolding right now. I urge the American people  to pay attention because the very foundation of our democracy, of the  integrity of our institutions are being shattered, degraded, and  destroyed right before our eyes.  [[Page S2078]]    Those who care about the Constitution, those who care about the  integrity of the Senate doing its job under its oath, those who care  about the integrity of the Court must stand up and say no to this  effort to pack the court.   One of the arguments colleagues made, not knowing the history of the  United States, was that there just wasn't time. There was just not  enough time to consider a nominee. So here is a little bit of  information regarding time. Since the 1980s, every person appointed to  the Supreme Court has been given a prompt hearing and a vote within 100  days. Since 1975, the average is 67 days.   So to those who said that this seat opened up in January and there  wasn't time left to have the Senate exercise its responsibility, we can  see that they were just presenting a falsehood, that there was plenty  of time for the Senate to exercise its responsibility. To those who  said that the nomination didn't come until March, there was still 10  months left. So from the time that Merrick Garland was nominated, 293  days were left in the administration.   For Kagan, consideration took 88 days; for Sotomayor, 67; for Alito,  83; for Roberts, 63; for Breyer, 74; and for Ginsberg, 51. Do we hear  any numbers equivalent to 293 days?   Let's look at Thomas, 69 days, Kennedy at 65, Scalia himself at 85,  Rehnquist at 89, and O'Connor at 33. They all fall into the same  pattern of a couple of months for the paperwork to be done, the  investigation to be completed, and the committee to hold hearings and  to act. But there is Garland, with 293 days, and the Senate failing to  act.   This simply reinforces the pretense put forward that there wasn't  enough time, or that there was a tradition of not considering a nominee  for a seat that became available in an election year, because it has  happened 15 times previously in our history, and in all 15 times the  Senate acted--every single one. So every argument put forward was  phony, was wrong, and was based on falsehood. It was driven by dark  money puppeteers of this Chamber wanting to make sure they could keep  open their Citizens United money corrupting American campaigns and  debasing our democratic Republic.   So to everyone who cares about the integrity of the Senate and the  integrity of the Court, let this Senate know that they must return to  respecting this institution and to respecting the Court. That means  Merrick Garland must be the nominee until the Senate has acted on him,  and the nominee before us must be rejected. To do anything else is to  desecrate the integrity of this Court and this Chamber.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dara Greene,  my intern, be granted privileges of the floor for the balance of the  day.   