 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I welcome the majority leader and  everyone back after the first district work period of the year.  Tomorrow night, the President will give his first address to a joint  session of Congress. I will have more to say later this afternoon at  the National Press Club about the first month of the Trump  administration and what we can expect from the speech. For now, I will  just say that if past is prologue, the President will come to Congress  with a populist message in an attempt to cloak what has been a hard- right, anti-working person administration.   His words are populist. He talks as though he favors the working men  and women of America, but his actions are straight out of the hard- right playbook, which makes it easier for the special interests and  puts greater burdens on the backs of the working class and the middle  class.   Every American should be looking at what this President is doing, not  saying, because, thus far, the two have been vastly different.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to echo the concerns expressed  by my colleague from Florida, Bill Nelson, about the White House's  refusal to provide written testimony relevant to Mr. Ross's nomination  prior to the vote this evening.   Mr. Ross was a key economic adviser to the Trump campaign, and he has  had business ties with the Bank of Cyprus, a bank with significant  Russian investors. I understand that the Commerce, Science, and  Transportation Committee, of which my friend from Florida is the  ranking member, sent a letter to Mr. Ross to get more information about  those ties. That is a perfectly reasonable request, especially given  the circumstances. This information is particularly relevant to the  Senate since, in recent days, questions about connections between the  Trump administration and Russia have proliferated.   While Mr. Ross told my friend from Florida that there is nothing to  worry about, the White House is sitting on Mr. Ross's written response  to Senator Nelson's letter. So the Senate will not get written answers  to these important questions before voting on this nomination.   This is just another example of this administration's abandoning  transparency and trying to jam nominees through without making all of  the relevant information public and available. They have not enjoyed a  good few weeks with these nominees. They have gotten them through but  with a lot of pain and a lot of public disconcert, and here we have  another example.   We are getting to the end of the Cabinet nominees--a nominee with  ties to Russia. There is a document that states what they are. As is so  typical of this administration, which stonewalls and despises  transparency, they do not let the letter be freed and be made available  until after the vote on a sensitive issue and one that is important to  national security--Russia and this administration's relationship to it.  This is another black mark on this Nation's administration.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   