 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 3071,  the Federal Acquisition Savings Act of 2017. This legislation seeks to  modernize our government's outdated acquisition strategies, while  simultaneously acting as good stewards of valuable taxpayer dollars.   My bill would simply require Federal agencies to consider renting as  a cost-effective alternative in equipment acquisition, giving the  government options that the private sector has undertaken and has seen  success and cost savings with.   As previously reported by the Government Accountability Office, the  GAO, the Federal Government spends more than $200 billion, on average,  either purchasing or leasing equipment. Of those acquisition decisions,  purchasing of equipment accounts for more than 99 percent of that  share.   Federal agencies are instructed to consider the cost-effectiveness of  these strategies as they move through the process, but even that has  been found to be lacking. The GAO has found that, in many instances,  Federal agencies don't even bother to undertake these analyses. That  means that the taxpayers are the ones who lose out as Federal agencies  sidestep these responsibilities and undertake what is, many times, the  easiest but most expensive route--purchasing.   This is an issue the committee and this body have been looking at for  years. In 2012, the GAO issued a report finding that contracting  officials from the Air Force and Department of the Interior did not  perform the lease-versus-purchase analysis for many of the contracts  awarded. In July of 2013, GSA issued an RFI seeking to determine if  there is a distinction between leasing and renting of equipment. The  overwhelming response to the RFI indicated that amending the Federal  Acquisition Regulation, the FAR, to include renting would be pertinent.  However, the GSI did not act on that recommendation.   These actions have resulted in this legislation and the good-faith  effort to ensure taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and that the Federal  requirements for Federal acquisition are followed.   Under subpart 7.4 of the FAR, agencies are directed to conduct a  case-by-case evaluation of the cost between leasing and purchasing. As  I mentioned earlier, many of those analyses aren't conducted.   Amending this part of FAR will open up new avenues and will allow  them to pursue successes and cost savings being used in the private  sector. For instance, the Texas Department of Transportation reported  savings of $10.8 million within the fleet operations division. These  savings are realized when the additional costs of ownership are  factored, including maintenance, transportation, and other areas.  [[Page H9145]]    In addition to this example, the Mississippi Department of  Transportation commissioned a study finding that they could find  significant cost savings per unit if they utilized renting equipment as  an option. Rental agreements are often thought of as short-term  transactions with no fixed duration. This gives the renter--in this  case, the Federal agencies--more say in how the equipment is used and  the duration of the need for that equipment. For instance, specialized  equipment that is only needed several times a year or is needed in  varying locations can be sourced via renting to reduce overhead costs.    As this body continues to pursue meaningful legislation to reduce the  burden on our constituents and streamline the government, this is a  great step forward. My bipartisan legislation will reduce waste in the  Federal Government while giving them the opportunity to pursue new and  innovative ways to source equipment.   Too often, we see areas of mismanagement within the Federal  Government that can and should be addressed, and this is a chance to  help correct the ship one step at a time.   This bipartisan legislation passed the Oversight and Government  Reform Committee with overwhelming support, and I thank my colleagues  on the committee and on this bill for their support and persistence in  addressing shortfalls in the Federal Government.   Mr. Speaker, please join me in support of this legislation and help  us ensure future acquisition decisions are done with the taxpayers in  mind.   