 Mr. President, later today, the Senate will vote on H.J.  Res. 42, the resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review  Act relating to a Department of Labor regulation on the drug testing of  unemployment insurance applicants. I rise to speak in support of that  resolution and to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of its passage.   Let's put this resolution and the regulation it would repeal in  proper context. In 2012, Congress passed and President Obama signed the  Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act. Among many other things,  that law included a number of carefully negotiated provisions relating  to the unemployment insurance program, including a number of reforms to  address program efficiency and integrity issues.   One of those provisions overturned a DOL ban on drug screening for UI  applicants. Specifically, the law allowed States to test UI applicants  who either lost their job due to drug use or were seeking employment in  an occupation that generally required drug tests as a condition of  employment.   It did not require States to begin drug testing; it only gave them  that option. In addition, the law required DOL to issue regulations to  define those occupations that regularly conduct drug tests. States  would not be allowed to implement any drug testing policies pursuant to  the law until the regulations were finalized. DOL issued its proposed  regulation in 2014.   At that time, Members of Congress and stakeholders at the State level  argued that the proposal fell far short of Congress's intent. The final  rule was issued in August of last year, about 4\1/2\ years after the  provision was signed into law. As before, the final regulation defined  the relevant occupations so narrowly that it basically makes it  impossible for States to implement any meaningful drug testing policy.   So here we are, debating a CRA resolution that would wipe this  regulation off the books and give DOL an opportunity to put forward  something new that better reflects Congress's intent.   Let's talk about why this drug testing provision is important. The UI  Program requires beneficiaries to be able and available to work and be  actively seeking work. This is a condition of eligibility for UI  benefits. This is what it boils down to. If a worker loses his or her  job due to drug use, he or she cannot affirmatively establish that they  are fully able to work. Likewise, if an unemployed individual is unable  to accept a new job because they cannot pass a required drug test, they  are not available for work.   Congress intended to give States the power to withhold benefits in  these cases because, by definition, individuals in these situations are  not eligible for unemployment insurance benefits.   Keep in mind that, according to recent surveys, more than half of all  U.S. employers require prospective employees to take a drug test. It  isn't some fringe or mean-spirited notion that there is a connection  between the use of illegal drugs and the ability to obtain and maintain  employment.   Furthermore, 20 States already limit UI benefits for applicants who  have refused to take or who fail a drug test required by an employer or  who have previous employment issues relating to drugs. The next logical  step really is to allow States to conduct the tests themselves in order  to maintain program integrity and to improve the solvency of their UI  trust funds. Once again, that was what Congress intended with the  passage of the 2012 statute.   Unfortunately, the Obama administration took it upon themselves to  undo congressional intent. We have heard from a number of Governors on  this issue--including the Governor of Utah, who will support this CRA  resolution--who want to see new and better regulations.   A number of organizations, including the National Association of  State Workforce Agencies, have chimed in as well, expressing their  strong support for State flexibility in governing their UI programs.   Ultimately, that is what this is about--State flexibility. Do we want  States to have the freedom to run their own programs as they see fit,  or do we believe that bureaucrats in Washington have all the answers?   It is probably pretty clear where I come down on this particular  issue. The law we drafted and passed in 2012--the one that passed with  bipartisan support--struck a careful balance on these issues. It was  the right balance and the right approach. Hopefully, a majority of our  colleagues will share that view and vote today to restore that balance.   Once again, I urge all Senators to vote in favor of H.J. Res. 42.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I withhold that suggestion.   