 Mr. President, I also rise with my colleagues to speak in  favor of commonsense solutions. I think the GOP leadership made a wise  decision--and I thank them for it--to pull the vote on their healthcare  bill this week when the CBO came out and said that 22 million people  would lose health insurance, 15 million in the first year, and Medicaid  cuts would be significant. Obviously, the public was very concerned,  and I am glad the GOP has taken a step back. I think we now have a  chance to get this right.   I want to tell a personal story about my own involvement in this in  the last few months. The story, to me, exemplifies an important  principle, and that is a bad process will produce a bad product. This  bill was the subject of a very bad process.   The bill that was put on the floor was a bill that ignored and shut  out all Democrats from participating. More importantly, it shut out the  committees from participating. Most importantly, it shut out the public  from participating. That led to a bill that was destined to be bad. So  we ought to fix it.   Our Democratic leader is just exiting the Chamber. He asked me after  I came back from the national ticket--as a consolation prize, I guess-- can you be on the HELP Committee? This is the committee I have wanted  to be on since I came to the Senate--Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions.   I have been a mayor, and I have been a Governor. I have been in local  and State government for 60 years. Education is the biggest line item,  and health is the second biggest line item. This is what I actually  know something about. I was so thrilled to join the committee. But,  boy, was I naive. I assumed that being on the HELP Committee meant we  would get to have a hearing about a healthcare bill.   I got on the committee on the 3rd of January. On the 5th of January,  with many of my colleagues, we wrote a letter to the Republican leader  and to the Republican chair of Health and Finance--13 of us; we had  been on the committee for 2 days--and said: If you want to talk about  improving healthcare, we have ideas. We want to sit down with you right  now and talk about improvements to healthcare.   I guess I am a naive 58-year-old. I thought, now I am on the  committee. Now I am where things will happen, and we will get to  actually fix healthcare. But instead, since I have been on the  committee--and I have committee colleagues here who will attest to  this--we have had hearings on higher ed, we have had hearings on  Cabinet nominees, we have had hearings on FDA reform issues. But the  one taboo topic on our committee is that we are not allowed to have a  hearing about the healthcare bill.   We asked for one after the House passed their bill; we couldn't have  a hearing. The Senate bill has been put on the floor; we haven't had a  hearing, and as far as we know, there will be no hearing. So those of  us who are focused on this issue have no opportunity, but, more  important--it is not about committee Members. For those watching this  and wondering what a hearing is about, a hearing is about hearing from  the public. You have a witness table.  [[Page S3826]]  You get a patient and a doctor and a nurse. You get an insurance  executive and a pharmaceutical executive. You get a small business  having a hard time buying health insurance. You get them all to sit  there and tell you what they like, what they don't like, and what can  be fixed. All of that--all of that--has been shunted aside in this  process, so the public isn't heard and the committees can't do their  work.   Our ranking member on this committee, the Senator from Washington--I  had watched her as the Budget chair when I was a Budget Committee  member work out a great bipartisan budget deal in December of 2013,  with then-House Budget chair, now-House Speaker Paul Ryan. We worked it  out. It was bipartisan.   I watched our ranking Democrat on the HELP Committee work with the  chair on the HELP Committee, Lamar Alexander, 2 years ago to do  something most people thought was impossible: have hearings and rewrite  No Child Left Behind into the Every Student Succeeds Act. It was 7  years past the reauthorization date because it was too controversial.  But I watched them use the committee process, entertain ideas from both  sides, hear from the public, rewrite the bill, then conference with the  House, and then get it to the President for signature.   Why is healthcare taboo on the HELP Committee? Let the committees do  their work. Let the greatest deliberative body in the world deliberate.  Let the Senate be the Senate, and let us work together.   My colleagues have mentioned that I put an idea on the table. It is  not a fix-everything idea, but it is a particular idea with a lot of  bipartisan cred, and it is the notion, as some of my colleagues have  said, of reinsurance. Senator Carper and I have introduced the  Individual Health Insurance Marketplace Improvement Act, and it is  going to a very particular problem that I think Democrats and  Republicans recognize as a significant challenge in the current  healthcare law.   President Trump, from the beginning of his administration, has  injected uncertainty: We are not going to continue enrolling people--or  we will reduce the market for enrollment. We are not sure we are going  to pay the cost sharing. Maybe we should let ObamaCare crash and burn-- a tweet that he did recently. Because this has happened, the individual  market has become very unstable, and many insurers pulling out of the  market are citing this unpredictability as contributing to an  instability in the individual market.   Here is what Senator Carper and I proposed, and we have numerous  cosponsors: We take the tool that Senator Nelson was describing,  reinsurance, a tool that provides a backstop against very high-cost  claims, and we put it into the Affordable Care Act as it was for the  first 3 years of the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act in  its first 3 years had a reinsurance mechanism to backstop high-cost  claims. If an insurance company knows there is a backstop, they can  actually set premiums at a lower and more affordable level for  everybody. Having that backstop also gives some certainty, so you can  actually write a plan in a market where, if you don't have certainty,  you might choose not to write it.   In the first 3 years of the Affordable Care Act, this reinsurance  provision worked out very well, held premiums down, and kept insurers  in the marketplace. It expired. But we actually know reinsurance works  because it is part of a great bill that was passed during a Republican  Presidency with overwhelming Republican support. Medicare Part D was  passed during the administration of President George W. Bush.  Reinsurance was made a permanent part of that bill to do exactly the  same thing: to cover high-cost claims, seniors who had multiple high- cost medications. Because reinsurance was included in that bill--it was  put in the original bill, authored by Republicans--it enables pricing  to be more affordable for our seniors who are on Medicare, and it  enables pricing actually to be more affordable for the public treasury.   Reinsurance is just one of a number of ideas that are out there, but  it is an idea that has bipartisan bona fides. It has been demonstrated  to work. You are not going to put reinsurance in this bill and have an  unintended consequence that you didn't think would happen. We know how  reinsurance works, and we know how it will work here.   I would just conclude and say that I hope we will take a bad process,  which produced a bad product, set that aside, and engage in a good  process to find a good product on the most important expenditure anyone  ever makes in their life--on their health--a good product in the  largest sector of the American economy; one-sixth of our economy is  health.   The right process is this: When the Republicans get to the point that  they think this bill is all they would want it to be, why not just put  it in the Finance Committee, put it in the HELP Committee, and let's be  the U.S. Senate. Let those of us who are on the committees do what we  want to do. We have good committee chairs in these committees: Senator  Hatch and Senator Wyden, the chair and ranking on Finance; Senator  Alexander and Senator Murray on HELP. Put it in the committees; let's  hear from the public about what works, what doesn't, and what can be  fixed. Then let's dialogue and listen to one another and come up with  solutions--just as in that budget deal, just as in the rewrite of No  Child Left Behind.   The Presiding Officer knows the next thing I am going to say, I bet.  I am in the minority on those committees. I have some amendments like  reinsurance that I want to put up, but I can't get them accepted unless  I can convince some in the Republican majority that it is a good idea.  I have to convince Republicans it is a good idea for my amendment to be  accepted. Shouldn't I have that opportunity? Why would anybody be  afraid of being open to an idea that might actually improve the bill?   Just this morning, I came out of a markup that the Presiding Officer  is very familiar with, the markup of the NDAA. We finished it this  morning on Armed Services. We went back and forth across the table, 27  Democrats and Republicans. We traded amendments, we voted some up, and  we voted some down. We had Senator McCain and Senator Reed leading us  in that. We got to the end of the day, and we had a committee vote.  After that discussion and listening to one another across the table,  back and forth, the committee vote was 27 to 0--27 to 0. We got all the  Dems on board.   I will not be naive enough to think healthcare is going to be simple  and noncontroversial. I am sure we will have some tough discussions. I  am sure I will offer an amendment that will be turned down. Maybe I  will offer one that will be accepted. But we are much more likely to  produce a good product and help people's healthcare if we actually will  sit down in the committees that have jurisdiction and dialogue and  amend before we bring this thing to the floor. It is just not worth  rushing, because it is life and death.   We have a chance to get it right. The step-back this week enables us  to take that chance, and we should seize it and work together.   I yield the floor.   