 Mr. Speaker, freedom to make less. What could be wrong  with that? Freedom to make less.   Now, I am an employer, and I tell my employees, you have the freedom  to either work for time and a half or just take comp time. One employee  says: Well, I will work for comp time. The other employee says: Mr.  Boss, you know, I need that money. Well, the person I will choose to  work will be the person who will do it for comp time.    I don't know whether there is a provision to pay FICA on comp time or  not in this bill, but I presume there is not. I presume there is an  extraordinary saving to the employer, an incentive to the employer to  choose the employee who doesn't need the extra money. Maybe their  spouse makes a lot of money. Maybe not.   This is the freedom to make less bill, and I rise in opposition to it  as I did when it last came to this floor. Instead of requiring  employers to provide their workers with overtime, as currently amended,  this bill would allow them to replace overtime with comp time.   Now, I have run a business. Most businessmen would not say it was a  business because it was a law office. But I had employees, and I had to  pay them. I wanted to pay them. I needed to pay them. When they worked  overtime, I needed to pay them overtime. In other words, this bill  provides if you work more than 40 hours a week, instead of getting time  and a half for overtime, your boss can tell you no. Instead, you get  paid time off, but you don't get to choose when you get to take it.   Now, if you only have one employee, that is not a problem because  they have a choice. But if you have two employees and one employee  makes the choice, as I pointed out, of getting comp time, such a deal  for the boss.   And, yes, probably a pretty good deal for the person who can afford  to just take comp time and doesn't need that time and a half.   The problem is, of course, as the previous speaker on our side said,  we are having trouble getting people to a wage on which they can live  and support themselves and their families. They need that time and a  half.   And while we say it is voluntary and their choice, as a practical  matter, as I have just pointed out, it is not.    I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina.    Where it is is not articulated in the bill, but you don't  say if there are two employees in the example I have given, Madam  Chair, whether or not the employer can say: Employee A, you are going  to take some comp time, so would you work an hour and a half or 2 hours  overtime? But Employee B, I know you can't afford to do that, you have  got to be home with your child, and if you are going to work, you need  the overtime to pay, perhaps, for the extra childcare.   There is nothing in your bill that precludes the employer from doing  that; is there?   I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx).    I understand that. My example was totally a voluntary  commitment by someone who will work for comp time. This is a bill, as I  said at the beginning, you can work more and get less.   Mr. Speaker, we ought to defeat this bill because employees and every  employee organization that I know of has been articulating opposition  to this bill because they know it will hurt employees.   