 Mr. President, on Tuesday, the Vice President cast a tie- breaking vote to move to debate on a healthcare reconciliation bill,  the contents of which even now remain a mystery to most of us.   This vote to proceed without a transparent path forward underscores a  process that has, from the beginning, been politics and policymaking at  their worst. You would think that, after 7 years of campaigning to  repeal the Affordable Care Act, the majority would have a plan in place  to do just that. Instead, a dozen or so male, Republican lawmakers met  behind closed doors, shielded from public view, to negotiate a grand  plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act and make devastating cuts to the  Medicaid Program--no hearings, no debate, no process. This is not the  path taken when we considered, debated, and approved the Affordable  Care Act. This is not the way the Senate, the greatest deliberative  body in the world, should conduct such far-reaching and impactful  business. This is not the Senate that I know and respect.   In spite of multiple drafts and a go-it-alone, hyperpartisan  philosophy, the majority leader was still unable to garner enough  support within his own Caucus to pass a sweeping healthcare bill. I  joined with many Democrats to offer motions to get the Senate back to  regular order and have the appropriate committees study the effects of  these policies on Medicaid beneficiaries and those with disabilities,  on women and children, on seniors and the most vulnerable, but  Republicans voted down those efforts and plowed ahead. During this  debate, the Senate has also considered multiple amendments to rewrite  the Affordable Care Act. Each of these amendments would have caused  tens of millions of Americans to lose insurance and would have made it  harder for those with preexisting conditions to obtain coverage. When  those amendments failed, the Republican leadership attempted to fully  repeal the Affordable Care Act. That did not work either.  [[Page S4375]]    The collapse of these ideas should have resulted in a renewed spirit  of bipartisanship, where we could work together to stabilize and  improve the health insurance markets. Instead, the Republican majority  is so intent on voting on anything, that we are considering voting to  repeal two or three policies from the Affordable Care Act solely in  order to get something through the Senate and into conference with the  House. This is nothing more than legislative malpractice. We are  presumably considering a bill that will devastate our health insurance  markets, and the best reason the Republicans can come up with for  supporting final passage is ``because we said we would.''   The notion that this majority would reduce themselves--and the  Senate--to finding the lowest common denominator in order to move ahead  with a policy of this magnitude is not only absurd, it is dangerous.  While all the versions of the Republican plans we have seen differ  slightly, they all have the same, basic structure. Let's call these  plans what they are: a massive tax cut for the wealthy on the backs of  pregnant women, children, and the disabled who depend upon Medicaid for  their health coverage. It is a tax plan in the guise of a health plan.  We are considering massive entitlement reform bills that the Republican  majority is trying to sell as fixes to the Affordable Care Act, but we  know that these bills would fix nothing and would instead create  tremendous new challenges.   According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, CBO, each  of the various Republican proposals would cause at least 22 million  people to lose their health insurance. For instance, the CBO projected  that the Senate Republican's first proposal would result in marketplace  enrollees paying on average 74 percent more towards their premiums for  a plan in 2020 than under current law. Another proposal offered by the  majority would result in higher deductibles, rising from $3,600 under  current law to $6,000. Under this one proposal, Americans would be  expected to pay more money for less care. And as if the Medicaid cuts  in the House bill were not deep enough--which caused the President to  call the bill ``mean''--another Senate Republican proposal would double  down and even deepen Medicaid cuts beginning in 2025. The Senate's  proposals have certainly not been less ``mean'' than the House bill. If  anything, the Senate's bills are meaner.   In Vermont, the effects of any of these bills would be disastrous.  Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, Vermont has made  exceptional progress to cut the rate of uninsured Vermonters by half.  The number of uninsured Vermonters is now less than 4 percent. Because  of the Medicaid Program and the Children's Health Insurance Program,  known as Dr. Dynasaur in Vermont, 99 percent of children have health  insurance in our State. TrumpCare, in any version, places Vermont's  progress at risk.   Vermont has also worked on new and innovative ways of delivering  healthcare, which has brought down costs and increased coordination of  care. One of the most significant ways Vermont has done this is through  existing flexibility in Medicaid. It is through the Medicaid Program  that Vermont has offered comprehensive treatment and counseling  services for those suffering with opioid addition. In Vermont, 68  percent of those receiving medication-assisted treatment for opioid  addiction are Medicaid recipients. If hundreds of billions of dollars  are cut from the Medicaid Program, States will be forced to limit  coverage, jeopardizing Vermont's ability to overcome this crisis.  Provisions that cap Medicaid spending do not create ``flexibility'' in  Medicaid. This policy would instead force States to ration care.   This spring, I met a Vermont mother who has two young daughters. Both  of her daughters suffer from cystic fibrosis. Luckily, they have the  disease mutation that allows them to benefit from new drug therapies,  but it is because of Medicaid that they have the resources necessary to  afford the $20,000 per month that it costs to provide medication for  each of her children. How can we tell this mother that her daughters  might no longer be able to take this medication because of fiscal  constraints in Medicaid? How can we tell future children who should  have access to Medicaid that it was more important to give the  wealthiest Americans a tax cut?   I heard from another woman in Norwich who shared this story with me:  ``Five years ago, both on the same day, my husband and I were diagnosed  with cancer. The fact that we are both alive today is entirely thanks  to President Obama. My treatment alone involved two hospital  admissions, four months of chemotherapy, and fourteen surgeries. I  still take drugs every day. There is no way we could have afforded any  of this without Obamacare. Before the ACA, our health insurance costs-- both premiums and deductibles--were sky high. My husband and I used to  avoid going to the doctor, reserving that luxury for our three  children. Without Obamacare, it's entirely possible that we wouldn't  have had the check-ups that led to our diagnoses.''   These TrumpCare proposals are not healthcare bills. A true healthcare  bill would not kick millions of Americans off health insurance. A true  healthcare bill would not allow insurance companies to charge people  more for less coverage. A true healthcare bill would not move us  backwards to a time when healthcare was unaffordable.   Instead, we should be working on proposals that improve our existing  system. Where there are deficiencies, let's fix them. Where we can find  common ground, let's act. One of the first things we should do is  stabilize the insurance market by making cost-sharing payments  permanent. We should also be working to reduce the cost of prescription  drugs, which is why I have introduced a bill, along with Senator  Grassley, that would help reduce drug costs by helping generic  alternatives come to market faster. The American people expect us to  work on real solutions. We should not be voting on a cobbled together  plan where the primary goal seems to be to get to 50 votes, rather than  actually improving our health insurance system. Importantly, no Member  should vote on a proposal unveiled at the eleventh hour, with no  debate--a proposal that will impact such a large component of our  economy and tens of millions of Americans.   Was the Affordable Care Act absolutely perfect when it was passed?  No, and we acknowledged the need for continual improvement as the ACA  would be implemented. Unlike other important social programs that have  been created over the years--such as Social Security and Medicare-- Republicans have not allowed us the opportunity to improve, strengthen,  and perfect it over time. Those programs were also not perfect, but  instead of playing partisan games, Republicans and Democrats came  together to get something done, time and time again. We did not vote to  repeal the Social Security Act. No, we came together and we discussed  what needed to be done to better help the American people, not unravel  their safety net.   I hope that we can end this dangerous exercise and move forward in a  responsible way. Let us act on the best interests of our constituents  and not resort to cynical, bumper-sticker politicking. At its best, the  Senate has been able to act as the conscience of the Nation. I hope now  is such a time and that the Senate will rise to the occasion to defeat  this harmful bill.   