 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for that  introduction.   I want to thank my colleagues for presenting their profound thoughts  on this most important legislation that we will consider tomorrow. The  simple truth is that what this bill does is it removes 24 million  people and takes them away from having affordable health care and  health insurance, while, at the same time, giving $600 billion in tax  cuts for the richest people in America. Some pundits have described it  as one of the biggest transfers of wealth and travesties perpetuated  upon the American people in American history.   I am calling upon the Republicans here in this Chamber and President  Trump to withdraw this legislation, sit down in a bipartisan way--the  way this Congress operated for several hundred years under open rules-- and see what we can do to fix what is wrong with the American  healthcare system, not do away with it and scrap it in the devastating  manner that they have chosen to do so.   The simple truth is, as I said, this guts Medicaid, and it guts  health care. Under this $600 billion tax break, think about it, if you  make $1 million a year, every year you are going to get a $67,000 a  year tax cut. Imagine that. That is more money than the average person  makes in America in a year, and they are going to get that every year  going forward in perpetuity, while we are saying to a young family who  is struggling maybe because someone in the family has cancer or maybe  somebody got hurt or injured in an accident, oh, that is going to cost  too much money to insure you, you are one of the 24 million who we are  getting rid of.   What kind of a country is it that would do something like that? My  colleague, Mr. Kennedy, I thought, stated it so well. We are all in  this together. That is what insurance does. Life is perilous at best.  We don't know who is going to get sick. We don't know who is going to  have an accident. It may be when you are elderly; it may be when you  are young. That is what health care and health insurance is all about,  coming together and making sure that we all are cared for and get the  care that we need when we need it.    Senator Kennedy talked about preventive care. If you can catch  prostate cancer or if you can catch lung cancer at a stage I or a stage  II level, you save a life. But you have to have insurance to go do that  and see your doctor. If you don't have insurance, guess what? You don't  get a diagnosis until it is at the third or fourth stage level, at  which point it is too late, costs tremendous amounts of money to treat,  and, most likely, the prospects for survival are not good.   Mr. Speaker, I call on the President and my colleagues, please, the  President in particular, honor the promise that you made to the  American people in your campaign which resonated with enough people to  get you elected President of the United States. Stand up for the  elderly, stand up for urban and rural, stand up for all Americans,  stand up for rural communities, and rural hospitals. Do the right  thing, and let's open this process up so we can fix what needs fixing  and stop this devastating attack by repealing and so-called replacing  the Affordable Care Act.   