 Mr. President, while my friend's remarks on the motives  of Democrats are fresh in people's minds, let me address this directly.  There is a new President today, but there is a different policy, and  that is what this resolution is about. Let me be very clear about what  we are talking about today.   Senator Graham would have you believe that we are about to vote on  the entirety of the $110 billion in arms sales that was proposed--that  was unveiled--by President Trump during his visit to Saudi Arabia. That  is not the case. We are voting today on $500 million of that $110  billion sale. You can still be friends with Saudi Arabia and sell it  $109.5 billion worth of arms rather than $110 billion worth of arms.  The specific set of arms that we are talking about--precision-guided  munitions that are going to be used to perpetuate the Saudi bombing  campaign in Yemen--was the specific set of weapons that the Obama  administration refused to transfer to the Saudis at the end of 2016. We  did not take a vote on this in 2016. We took a vote on a different arms  sale.   It is not simply that there is a new President and that Democrats are  objecting to the arms sale that President Trump is moving forward with.  It is that we have a new policy. This specific set of munitions that  President Trump is asking us to consent to is one that President Obama  would not sell. The policy is different, not just the personnel. Let's  talk about why the policy is different.   What is happening today in Yemen is a humanitarian catastrophe of  epic proportions. There are four famines that exist in the world today.  One of them is in Yemen, and only one of those four is caused, in part,  by the United States. The United States supports the Saudi-led bombing  campaign that has had the effect of causing a humanitarian nightmare to  play out in that country such that 8 million people right now in Yemen  are in starvation or are on the brink of starvation. Last week, we  received word that 100,000 people in Yemen now have cholera. Cholera?  All of this is directly a result of the civil war.   The reason that the Obama administration decided not to transfer the  precision-guided munitions to the Saudis is that the Saudis were using  the weapons we were giving them in order to deliberately target  humanitarian infrastructure and civilian infrastructure inside Yemen.  The Saudis have made it pretty clear that time is on their side, that  they can wait out the Yemeni population and drive it to the negotiating  table. They suggest that this humanitarian catastrophe, ultimately,  accrues to their benefit because it eventually will push the Houthis  into supporting a better deal than they would have otherwise for the  Saudis.   Let me give you some direct evidence of how this bombing campaign is  leading to the humanitarian crisis.   This cholera outbreak, which has been covered in the news, began, in  part, because the Saudi airstrikes were targeting water treatment  facilities inside Sanaa. This is independent reporting from relief  agencies that operate on the ground inside Yemen that tell us that the  Saudi bombing campaign that has targeted civilian infrastructure--in  this case, water treatment facilities--has led to the cholera outbreak.   It continues. The bombing campaign that is leading to this  catastrophe continues. The reason the Obama administration would not  sell them this specific set of arms is that it did not have confidence  that the arms would be used to hit purely military targets.   What we are asking for is to hold off on selling these precision- guided munitions until we get some clear promise--some clear  assurance--from the Saudis that they are going to use these munitions  only for military purposes and that they are going to start taking  steps--real steps, tangible steps--to address the humanitarian crisis.   Senator Young has been very articulate on the things that the Saudis  are doing to stop--to halt--to slow the flow of relief supplies into  Yemen today. There are some proactive things the Saudis could do, which  they are not, that could save millions of lives inside Yemen today.   More broadly, I think this is an important moment for U.S. policy in  the Middle East. The Saudis are our friends. They are an important,  stabilizing presence in the Middle East. They have helped to broker a  kind of detente between Sunni nations and Israel, our sacred ally. They  cooperate with us on counterterrorism measures. They share intelligence  with us. Clearly, we have an important economic relationship, but they  are an imperfect partner.   This body should have a debate as to whether it is in the national  security interests of the United States to get drawn more deeply into  the set of proxy wars that is playing out in the region between the  Sunnis and the Shia. That proxy battle plays out in Yemen; it plays out  in Syria; and it plays out in other ways in places like Lebanon. Just  because you have a friend does not mean that you have to back every  single one of your friend's fights. If my friend asks me to hand him a  rock to throw at the neighborhood kids, I am not going to do it, but if  he wants me to help him stand up to the neighborhood bully, then maybe  I will be there for him. Even with your friends you decide what fights  you join them in and what fights you don't.   In Yemen, it is not just I who is making the argument that the civil  war is accruing to the detriment of U.S. national security interests;  it is a broad swath of foreign policy experts and Middle East experts  in this city and across this country and across the globe. Why? It is  that this civil war is radicalizing the Yemeni people against the  United States. They do not perceive this bombing campaign that is  killing thousands of civilians as a Saudi bombing campaign. They  perceive it as a U.S.-Saudi bombing campaign.   Just get your intelligence briefing, and look at the difference in  the amount of space that AQAP controls today versus what it controlled  before the civil war began. AQAP, which is the arm of al-Qaida that has  the most capability to hit the United States, has grown exponentially  in terms of the territory it controls. ISIS has grown as well. These  extremist groups take advantage of the civil war, and if our priority  in the region is really about defeating these organizations, then this  civil war is not helping in that effort. Civilians are dying; extremist  groups are growing; and the Yemeni population is being radicalized  against us.   To exacerbate matters, the Trump administration has walked away from  the political process. Secretary Kerry was actively involved in trying  to bring the Houthis and the Saudi-backed government together. He got  close to an agreement, but it fell apart. This administration has not  restarted that process. For those who want to throw more arms into this  contest, I think it is hard to believe that, ultimately, it will lead  to any cease-fire or any peaceful transition to a new government if the  United States is totally absent from the negotiating table as we are  today.   This is not about objecting to the entirety of the sale, and this is  not about delivering a broader message to the Saudis. This is about  saying that this specific conflict in Yemen is not going well and is  hurting the United States. Until we get some real assurances from the  Saudis that they are going to pay attention to the ``no strike'' list,  until we get some commitments from the Saudis that they are going to  let relief supplies flow into Yemen to address the famine and address  the cholera outbreak, then let's press pause on this small slice of  this arms sale.   I am proud to join with Senator Paul and others, and I hope that my  colleagues will see fit to support it when we vote in about an hour and  a half.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  [[Page S3427]]        