 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Yoho for  leading this Special Order tonight to talk about this issue. It is an  issue important to the entire country and all hardworking taxpayers of  America.   1.4 million people were kicked off their plans and forced to purchase  different insurance plans. We saw 45 to 55 percent premium increases in  my home State of Illinois in 2017. Deductibles have increased 64  percent nationwide. 31 million people can't afford to use the insurance  they have because their deductibles are so unaffordable and high.   One-third of the Nation only has the option of one insurance provider  on the $2 billion websites that we know as the ObamaCare exchanges, a  monopoly that drives up costs, and 75 percent of people in my home  State of Illinois have one or, at most, two providers.   One in four people in Illinois are on Medicaid. That is unsustainable  for a State with an $8 billion budget deficit.   These statistics tell us ObamaCare is collapsing, and if we do  nothing, we will be leaving millions of Americans without any option  for healthcare coverage. But we are not offering this alternative  because of statistics. We are doing it for Rich and Sandy in Pana,  Illinois, whose deductibles went from $300 to $2,000 per person for  less coverage. We are doing it for Janet from Edwardsville, whose  family plan was considered a Cadillac plan and was replaced with a plan  that had a $6,000 deductible. We are doing it for Lynne, a farmer in  Springfield, Illinois, who provides insurance for her barn manager, but  the best she could find after ObamaCare was one with a premium that  increased by more than $100 and increased her out-of-pocket expenses by  another $1,000.   This is our one shot to fix our failing healthcare system for the  constituents I just mentioned and the millions more across the U.S. who  have had the same thing happen to them. This is a pretty good bill to  start with. After 4 years of watching premiums more than double,  deductibles skyrocket, and choices dwindle for my constituents under  ObamaCare, I am proud to be part of a responsible healthcare solution  to lower costs and increase options for individuals and families.   The American Health Care Act may not be the exact bill we would have  written to reform our healthcare delivery system prior to ObamaCare,  but we can't go back in time. We have to face reality, and the reality  is we have States like Illinois who chose to expand Medicaid, and we  can't abruptly rip coverage away from them like ObamaCare did for 1.4  million Americans.   In addition to protecting people with preexisting conditions and  allowing young adults under the age of 26 to remain on their parents'  insurance, those who currently qualify for Medicaid will remain covered  until their economic situation improves.   Our goal should be to ensure that every single person who wants a  career, a good-paying job, and wants to get off of Medicaid should be  our priority. But when their situation does improve, which is, again,  what all of us should hope for, then we help them with monthly,  portable, age- and income-based tax credits that will go directly  toward paying their health insurance. These also help those who were  left behind by ObamaCare, middle class Americans who were forced to buy  insurance with costly premiums and deductibles but did not qualify for  subsidies.   This is just the first part of our plan, which can be done through  the budget reconciliation process. Next is making changes to lower the  overall cost of health care so these tax credits go further for every  American. We have one chance to fix this for the American  people because ObamaCare is collapsing, and I urge all of my colleagues  to support this plan.    I thank again my colleague, Mr. Yoho, for leading this effort  tonight.   