 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following my  remarks, Senator Leahy be recognized next.    Mr. President, Montanans can tell you that nothing beats  getting outdoors for hunting, skiing, fishing, backpacking--you name  it; it is our way of life. In fact, after I graduated from Montana  State University, I had to leave Montana to start my business career,  but I came back to Montana while my knees were still good so I could  spend my time enjoying all that Montana's outdoors have to offer. That  is why I am excited that June is National Great Outdoors Month.   Montana's outdoors have a special meaning for me. In fact, I even  proposed to my sweet wife Cindy some 31 years ago next month on the  summit of Hyalite Peak, just south of Bozeman.   The value of Montana's outdoors is simply incredible. In fact,  according to the Outdoor Industry Association, there are 64,000  Montanans whose jobs are directly tied to our outdoor recreation  industry. In 2012, outdoor recreation generated almost $6 billion in  consumer spending in Montana alone. Nationally--taking this to the big  picture of our great country--outdoor recreation generates $887 billion  in consumer spending each year and provides 7.6 million jobs.   Folks travel across our Nation, even from around the world, to come  visit America's great outdoors. It is all right here in our backyard-- in fact, for me literally. I grew up just about 90 miles from  Yellowstone National Park. I went to kindergarten through college just  90 miles away from Yellowstone National Park, and I can tell you, I go  back there every year with my family.   Whether it is hiking in Glacier National Park up in Northwest  Montana, fly fishing the Gallatin River that Brad Pitt and Robert  Redford made famous with that great movie ``A River Runs Through It''-- which runs right by my hometown--or skiing at Whitefish, Big Sky, or  floating down the Madison on a hot summer day, we can take these things  for granted. That is why it is so important to recognize the value of  the outdoors during National Great Outdoors Month. If you visit one of  our national parks or if you go on a white water rafting tour, you are  not only getting a great experience yourself, you know you are giving  back to our local economy, and you are helping create jobs.   I want to encourage everyone to recognize National Great Outdoors  Month by joining me and getting out there. Don't just talk about it.  Get outdoors and experience all that the outdoors has to offer.   I yield my time.   