 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 3043, the Hydropower  Modernization Act of 2017.   In my area of California's Central Valley, we have the Turlock and  Modesto Irrigation Districts. They have been fighting for over 8 years  to relicense the Don Pedro hydropower facility. This is on the Tuolumne  River. This is where we get our drinking water for the families in our  communities; this is where we get our water for irrigation for our  farms; yet our ratepayers have been spending money, for over 8 years,  just on the relicensing process.   They have had engineers and scientists who have done 35 studies. They  have done the modeling for FERC to show all the different impacts that  will be had here. In the process, they have spent $30 million already.  They planned to spend over $50 million.   We are not going to have one drop of extra water storage. This is not  going to improve the quality of the water that the people in my  district are going to drink. No new water, no better quality--it is  still going to see the same conditions for our fish, the same  conditions for our streambeds.   After $50 million and over 8 years, all we will have done is  completed over 35 studies to continue to look, continue to go through  red tape, and the people in my district will still have a water  shortage. We can do things much better.   Close to me, we also have the Merced Irrigation District, as well.  They have been working over a decade in relicensing the Exchequer  Hydroelectric project. Over $20 million has been spent. Again, the same  type of scenario: for farmers and families, no new improved water  quality, no new water storage, just a decade and $20 million for many,  many studies that are not improving our process.   The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Chair, this legislation is not going to solve all of  our problems for California's Central Valley, but it will help us with  the challenges we are facing with relicensing.   We can do things better, we can do them more efficiently, and we can  actually bring water delivery to the people who need it most. It starts  with FERC relicensing and changing the process to a much more  transparent and efficient process. This bill deserves a ``yes'' vote,  which will help us through that process.   