 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    Mr. President, I take this time to inform my colleagues  of a motion that I hope to file tomorrow that would recommit the bill,  and I am going to talk a little bit about it.   First, if I might, let me just point out that yesterday I took to the  floor to emphasize some of the points that Senator Nelson just made-- that this bill, which is advertised to help the middle class, does not  help the middle class. It helps the wealthy. It is business cuts, and  middle-income taxpayers  [[Page S7546]]  get some relief--some, not all--that is temporary in nature.   So the Congressional Budget Office tells us that by 2027, for those  earning under $75,000 a year, the majority will actually pay more taxes  rather than less. In my State of Maryland, it is estimated that 800,000  Marylanders will pay more taxes rather than less. The tax relief to  middle-income families is so much smaller than what is given to the  wealthy and what is given to the business community.   To compound that problem, we now know by the scores of both the Joint  Committee on Taxation and the Congressional Budget Office that the bill  will add tremendously to the deficit--over a trillion dollars. I think  it is going to be closer to $2 trillion, but their scoring shows it  over a trillion dollars in deficits.   Guess who is going to pay for those deficits. It is going to be  middle-income families. Then, you put on top of that the repeal of the  mandate under the Affordable Care Act, which is also going to hurt  middle-income families on their ability for affordable healthcare.   So this bill advertised to help middle-income families does not do  that. For my State of Maryland, it is particularly painful because of  the loss of the State and tax local deductions that are used by almost  a majority of our taxpayers. Just about 50 percent of our taxpayers in  Maryland use the State and local tax deductions.   There is another reason why this bill has been advertised not just to  help middle-income families, which it doesn't do, but it is called job  creation. This bill is advertised as a bill that will create jobs in  America. Now, let me go through that because I am for creating more  jobs. We need more jobs in Maryland. We needs more jobs throughout the  country. The number that has been given to us is that this bill will  create 975,000 jobs at a cost of $1.5 trillion. That comes out to  $1,530,000 per job. That is a pretty high cost to create a job. In  fact, it is ridiculous to spend that type of money. We don't know if  that is going to actually happen. That is what the proponents of the  legislation are saying.   Now, we have had Democrats and Republicans who have worked together  to really create jobs. I serve on the Environment and Public Works  Committee. I serve as the ranking member on the Transportation and  Infrastructure Subcommittee with Senator Inhofe, and we both know if we  put more resources into infrastructure--into roads, bridges, transit  systems--we will, in fact, not only modernize our economy by having a  first-class transportation system and not only make the quality of life  better so we can get to and from work in a reasonable time, but we will  also create real jobs.   So in the last Congress we had a bipartisan group of members from the  Finance Committee who said: Look, we have to do something about  international tax issues, repatriation, and monies parked overseas. We  need to do something to bring this money back. These are American  companies that have their money overseas and don't want to pay the  higher corporate taxes. There is a way of bringing that money back.  Let's do it so we can try to get it into our economy. Democrats and  Republicans agreed, but the one thing we didn't want to do was to use  that money for a permanent type of spending that could increase the  deficit.   So what does H.R. 1 do? What does the underlying bill do? It does  exactly that. It uses this one-time-only money and spends it on a  permanent basis for tax relief for corporations--a permanent tax relief  for corporations. That is not the responsible thing to do.   So what we should be doing with that money--and what the proposal was  that we had in the last Congress--is to use that as seed money for  infrastructure one-time-only expenses. We could, therefore, create  modern infrastructure and create jobs and do it in a responsible way.  It is a win-win-win situation. The House repatriation bill would bring  in approximately $300 billion of one-time-only revenues. It has been  estimated that at $300 billion, we create 4 million jobs. Now, let's  compare that. If we use that $300 billion to create 4 million jobs,  that is about $73,000 a job, as compared to $1.5 million per job under  the underlying bill.   I think we all understand that we need to be more cost effective in  how we do our work around here, and that is why Democrats and  Republicans said: Let's use this one-time-only source for  infrastructure, modernizing our roads, and creating jobs. That brings  me to the motion I hope I will have a chance to offer tomorrow that  would recommit the bill to the committee to return it to the Congress  and to this floor so that we use the repatriation funds for  infrastructure so that we can create the jobs and not create a greater  hole in the deficit.   I am joined in this effort by Senator Feinstein, Senator Blumenthal,  Senator Udall, Senator Casey, and Senator Stabenow. I do think this is  a matter that I hope my colleagues will pay attention to. I hope we can  fix this bill, H.R. 1, and work in a bipartisan manner. It doesn't look  like we are there yet. We want a bill that helps middle-income  families. We want a bill that does not increase the deficit, and the  current bill does exactly that. So I hope my colleagues will work with  us so we can return this bill to the Senate Finance Committee and  return a bill that is worthy of the people of this country.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.   