 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1362. This tribute to our  fellow colleague, a fellow veteran, our friend Eni, who passed last  month, is truly well deserved.   I would also like to thank the gentlewoman from American Samoa for  bringing this bill to the floor. And just as importantly, in her time  here, she has proven to be the staunchest advocate of this Nation's  veterans, a true friend to veterans, and a colleague who carries on  Eni's commitment to this unwaveringly.   Eni devoted his public life to service, it was clear, ensuring that  the unique needs and interests of the people of American Samoa were met  in every bill that came through this body. For any of us who worked  alongside him during those 13 terms, his unfailing commitment to his  people and his ever-present smile will never be forgotten.   In addition to his work here and the things you heard the gentlewoman  say, Eni served in the United States Army from 1966 to 1969 and as an  officer in the United States Army Reserve from 1982 to 1989. He served  honorably in the Vietnam war and left the military with the rank of  captain.   He and his wife were also active members of their church, The Church  of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.   As a Vietnam veteran and Army Reserve captain, congressional aide,  lieutenant governor, and Member of Congress, there simply could be no  better example of what it means to be a representative of his people  and a citizen of this great Nation.   I fully support the naming of this outpatient clinic at Pago Pago in  his honor and urge my colleagues to do the same.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from the  Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. Sablan), another true champion of our  veterans and a member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in passing  this important piece of legislation. When those veterans in American  Samoa see Eni's name, it will strike them about what he has done and  the work that he did here in Congress.   I would also like to give a heartfelt thanks again to the gentlewoman  for bringing this bill forward and for honoring her friend the way she  has.   I encourage Members to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, with that, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   