 Mr. Speaker, it is great to be on the floor today.   It was an awesome opportunity to be a conferee on the National  Defense Authorization bill. As a veteran, 5 years active Army Infantry,  23 in the Reserves, I don't get a chance to do that very often because  I am on the best committee in Congress, which is Energy and Commerce.  But to be able to be in that process, I am very appreciative to you and  to the other conferees.   It was then that you learn what you learn, and the military had a  problem. They had a long-delayed issue on freeze-dried plasma that is  inexcusable, and they took action in the legislative language to  rectify that delay, and we would, too. But the legislative process  worked.   I also want to commend my colleagues on the minority side and Ranking  Member Pallone because what we want for our men and women in uniform,  we want them to get an expedited pathway to lifesaving devices and  drugs. But we also want to make sure that those things are safe, and  the premier institution for safety and efficacy is the Food and Drug  Administration.   Now, we have a new administration that probably wouldn't have had an  8-year delay on freeze-dried plasma, and we have a new administrator of  the FDA who has committed to reform these processes.   But good intentions are not all that we need. We need legislative  language. We need to enshrine these changes in the law, and this is a  good example, when I used to teach government history in high school,  of how government works: House bill, Senate bill, go t conference. Even  after a conference, it wasn't just right, so the legislative leaders  went to work to fix this.    The changes have been identified by both the ranking member and the  chairman, but the bottom line is the FDA needs to have the opportunity  to look and expedite the drug. And we actually give them a shot clock  for those people in harm's way, to make sure that drugs and devices are  available to our warfighters, that it is safe and secure and delivered  in a timely manner. This is the least we can do for our men and women  in uniform.   I thank my colleagues on both sides, and I thank Chairman Thornberry.   