 Mr. Speaker, the promise of tax reform has degenerated  into little more than a scam to aid tax dodgers. While public attention  is diverted to the scandal in Alabama, Republicans are rushing through  this sham of a bill, developed in the dark with lobbyists, before most  Americans realize what is about to hit them in the face.   Instead of more jobs at home, Republicans create a giant, new gaping  loophole to ship ever more jobs abroad. Even Speaker Ryan's home State  Republican Senator Ron Johnson concedes that, under this bill, ``there  will be a real incentive to keep manufacturing overseas.''   It is hardly a surprise since President Trump's Wall Streeter  designated to run the show has just been identified personally from  leaked Bermudan documents as the past executive of not one, but 22  different island tax-paradise shell companies.   Meanwhile, another loophole, carried interest, that flows to  plutocrats like Donald Trump. That is the very injustice he promised to  stop last year. It will keep flowing right into their pocket.   As for the deduction for student interest for those who are  overwhelmed with college loans, like other middle-class tax provisions,  that is part of the $65 billion that is cut out of tax incentives by  Republicans in this bill.   They are totally dependent upon alternative facts.   Today's bill even authorizes those who want to pay absolutely zero in  tax to do that by abolishing the alternative minimum tax (AMT). That  one change that they make, in one year, would have put $31 million in  Donald Trump's pocket.   So you can certainly understand why he is coming to the Capitol  today, just to say thank you: Thank you for the billion dollars-plus  that is estimated to go to the Trump family under this bill. ``When  does my tax refund get here?'' he must be saying.   Of course, we don't know precisely how much Donald Trump is enriched  because these Republicans keep colluding to hide his tax returns.   Republicans want to apply a ``dynamic score'' to this bill. I say:  create a dynamic workforce, invest in people, and don't overwhelm us  with endless debt. Develop a more competitive, healthy workforce that  empowers our DREAMers and other immigrants and that gives every  American access to education and skill upgrades to achieve their full,  God-given potential.   As they deny one middle-class deduction after another and impose this  new Alzheimer's tax, Republicans claim that they have a patented tax  miracle cure for most everything but baldness.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    We have seen this trickle-down, medicine sideshow  before. It didn't work then; it won't work now.   All they are doing is grabbing for a political life preserver after  10 months of Republican failures and leave America drowning in debt.  This isn't ``tax reform.'' It is a giant giveaway to Washington special  interests that must be stopped.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from  engaging in personalities toward the President.   