 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume,  and I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for  debate.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to debate a rule for a piece of legislation  that many on this side of the aisle do not necessarily have a serious  issue with. The attempt here today is to ensure that a thing that is  already happening continues to happen.   I suppose that, the next time we meet, we will take up a bill that  declares that the Moon is not the Sun. Doing so is a complete waste of  time, but that does not seem to necessarily be dispositive when  deciding whether we should legislate on an issue these days.   Look, I get it. My friends across the aisle took one on the chin the  other week when their Affordable Care Act repeal bill--a bill they  spent 17 days working on, even though they had 7 long years to prepare  for it--went down in flames in a most public and spectacular fashion,  and now they need some time to dust themselves off and become  reoriented.   The problem is, while they are doing that, while they are recovering  from the miserable failure that was their attempt to strip 24 million  Americans of their health care, they are burning valuable time--time  that should be used to tackle more pressing issues like addressing the  debt ceiling and fixing our crumbling infrastructure.   Let me also take this opportunity to remind my Republican colleagues  that, while we spend our time here today debating these filler bills,  there are only 7 legislative days, including today, remaining before  the government runs out of funding. But are we tackling any of these  importance issues or ensuring the government remains open? No.    Instead, we have before us a bill that addresses an issue that is not  an issue. On top of that, this legislation was actually supposed to be  the third bucket of their three-bucket strategy to end health care for  millions of Americans.   We saw how sturdy the first bucket was a couple of weeks ago. In  fact, the bucket we are talking about today was actually referred to as  the ``sucker's bucket'' by Senator Cruz. That is not exactly a glowing  endorsement.   Indeed, some, like Senator Cotton, have referred to all this bucket  talk as simply a bunch of political spin. Whatever it is, it is  certainly a bucket that has a hole in it.   In all of the uncertainty facing my Republican friends, one thing  becomes crystal clear: they have no plan whatsoever to help working  Americans achieve the American Dream. They are adrift, in general, and  most particularly when it comes to health care.   What do they really want? At first, it was repeal, then it was repeal  and replace, then it was repeal and delay, followed finally by access  to coverage, and would you believe another one: patient-centered.   That is repeal, repeal and replace, repeal and delay, access to  coverage, and patient-centered. We still don't have a plan. Then it  turned toward a three-bucket strategy that makes little to any sense,  let alone to the American people but even to powerful elected leaders  in the Republican Party.   At the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, do you know what all this talk  was?  [[Page H2649]]  Exactly what Senator Cotton said: nothing but political spin.   My fear is that it will all come down to whatever it takes to win in  the eyes of the other side of the aisle, regardless of the consequences  to the American people.   While we were told there was no plan B, we now hear there is a plan  B. Donald John Trump ``doesn't lose,'' and doesn't like to lose. So I  guess they are going to pass something, even if it is just this bill  that does absolutely nothing, just so our Republican friends can say  they did something. I am sure Donald John Trump will tweet about this  great victory.   Mr. Speaker, Republicans must end their secretive plan B option and  embrace the opportunity to do what is right, which is to pursue a path  that strengthens and builds upon the strong foundation that has been  set by the Affordable Care Act.   Democrats stand ready to work with my friends in the Republican Party  on this task to continue to provide affordable coverage to millions of  American citizens.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, yesterday, Donald John Trump signed into law a measure  that eliminates Americans' internet privacy. With Trump's signature,  internet service providers will now be able to sell your personal  information to the highest bidder.   Mr. Speaker, we stand here ready to fight for the privacy of the  American people.   If we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment  to the rule to bring up legislation which would reinstate the Federal  Communications Commission's internet privacy rule.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Nevada (Ms. Rosen), a member of the Armed Services and Science, Space,  and Technology Committees to discuss our proposal.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   It is time for my friends on the other side of the aisle to end their  self-proclaimed political spin designed to bewilder and confuse average  Americans, making them believe that their Republican representatives  are fighting for the future of their health care and the health care of  their families, when what they are really doing is fighting for  powerful corporate interests.   Now is the time for us to face facts and accept truths.   Fact: House Republicans made an attempt to replace the Affordable  Care Act with a bill that caused such an outcry from their own  constituents that they were forced to pull it.   Truth: There are serious issues in health care that need to be  addressed for the betterment of all Americans, and it is going to take  the effort of both parties in both the House and the Senate working  together to strengthen our healthcare system.  [[Page H2650]]    No more smokescreens, no more political rhetoric, only collaborative  discourse using only the well-being of the American people as our  compass. It is this approach that will steer us back onto course for  the betterment of this and future generations. Unfortunately, this bill  does not further that effort.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the rule and underlying measure,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   