 Mr. President, climate disruption is the seminal  challenge of our generation. It affects everything from our farms to  our forests, to our fisheries. We see the impact from disappearing ice  sheets and melting permafrost and glaciers. We see it in the coral  reefs. We see it in the moving insect populations. We see it in the  more powerful storms.   In response, communities across our globe are transforming their  energy economies. They are working on energy efficiency, certainly-- more efficient appliances and a little more mileage in their cars. Yet  many are also working to transform their energy economies from a fossil  fuel energy economy to a renewable energy economy.   How much do you know about the changes that are underway? Let's find  out.   Welcome to episode 5 of the Senate Climate Disruption Quiz. Here we  go. Here is the first question.   This August, an electric 500 horsepower Tesla Model X SUV raced a 740  horsepower Lamborghini Aventador SV in a quarter-mile drag race. Who  won? Was it the 500 horsepower electric Tesla or the 740 horsepower  Lamborghini? Was the race called off or did they tie?   Take a moment. Feel free to lock in your answer.   The answer is, the Tesla won the race. The Tesla won the race,  despite the fact that it had far less horsepower. In fact, it set a  record for an SV in a quarter mile. It beat the Lamborghini by about  500ths of a second.   It just goes to help demonstrate the incredible torque and  acceleration that comes with electric power, and if you have ever tried  driving a Tesla and had it accelerate so fast that it pinned you  against the back of the seat, you would know what I am talking about.   OK. Let's turn to question No. 2. Taking a page from the white roof  movement, which city in America has begun painting its streets white in  order to lower temperatures? Is it the city of Phoenix, AZ? Is it  Austin, TX? Is it Kansas City, MO, or perhaps Los Angeles, CA?   The answer is, among those cities, Los Angeles, CA. You may have seen  this in the news. After a heat wave and recordbreaking temperatures,  Mayor Eric Garcetti announced plans to cut the average temperature in  L.A. by 3 degrees Fahrenheit over the next two decades.   One of the keys to doing this is to coat the city's roads in  something called CoolSeal, which is a light-colored paint. Originally,  it was a paint that was developed by engineers for military air bases  so as to keep spy planes cool while they were resting on the tarmac.  CoolSeal keeps streets and parking lots 10 degrees cooler than does  black asphalt.   This is an interesting innovation, and I am sure the work L.A. does  will help create information for other cities because cities are heat  islands. Because of the asphalt, they are often much hotter than the  surrounding countryside.   OK. Question No. 3. In which State do 31 communities face an imminent  threat of destruction from climate disruption? Is it 31 communities in  Utah or in Michigan or in Alaska or in New Hampshire?   The correct answer is Alaska. Alaska is experiencing a tremendous  increase in the vulnerability of towns, which is the result of melting  ice sheets; therefore, the storms closer approach. There are higher  seas and more violent storms so we are seeing a real assault on those  ocean communities. For one community of 600 people, it is estimated it  would cost about $180 million to relocate all of the residents.   Meanwhile, the Trump administration is moving to dismantle climate  adaption programs, like the Denali Commission, which have provided  Federal assistance to safeguard or relocate communities that are at  risk from rising sea levels, storms, and disappearing sea ice.   This takes us to question No. 4. Of the following statements, which  statement is not true; that is, which of these four statements is  false? Is it that July 2017 was the second hottest month on record? Is  the false statement that only one country is not signed on to the Paris  climate agreement? Is it statement C, that climate disruption played no  part in the devastation of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma? Is it statement  D, that the United States is now producing 43 times as much solar  energy as it did in 2007?   Three statements are true, and one is false. The false statement is  statement C. It is, in fact, July 2017 that was the second hottest  month on record. In fact, we had a recent period during which each  month was the hottest month on record in the calendar year. That  extended for about 16 months in a row not so long ago.   Then, indeed, only one country is not signed on to the Paris climate  agreement. That country is Syria, which is in the grip of a ferocious  civil war. Nicaragua had not signed on, but it has signed on now.  The United States has withdrawn or expressed its intention to withdraw,  but it will not actually go off the Paris accord until the year 2020.  So there is just one country, and that is also true.    It is true that solar power has increased 43 times in a 7-year  period. We certainly know climate disruption does not cause hurricanes,  but we also know the hotter temperature of the ocean causes the  hurricanes we have to be much more powerful and much more destructive.   In the days leading up to Harvey, the sea surface temperatures in  Texas were 3 to 7 degrees Fahrenheit above average. We saw this same  phenomenon when Hurricane Sandy struck the Atlantic coast, where  temperatures were 5 degrees or more above average.   Let's turn to question No. 5. Some scientists say we need to invent a  device to pull carbon out of the air. Which of the following would  accomplish that task? Would it be permafrost, wind turbines, glaciers,  or trees? We do not think of any of these as an invention by humankind,  but one of these processes that exists currently in nature does have a  big impact in pulling carbon out of the air.   The answer is D, trees. Of course, that is a process we see during  which, every year, the carbon dioxide level in the air surges when the  leaves come off the trees and then decreases in the spring when the  leaves are on the trees because they start pulling more carbon dioxide  out of the air. So we need a lot more force in order to reduce carbon  pollution.   The challenge is, worldwide, we are not adding to our forests. We  are, in fact, losing our forests. In 2015, we lost about 47 percent  more forested land than we did in 2001. The rate of deforestation is  actually increasing so we need to be doing the reverse. We need to be  ending deforestation and adding forests. Unfortunately, that is not the  case.   In 2015, we lost about 49 million acres of forest around the world.  We lost it because of wildfires, because of logging, and because of  expanding agriculture. That is about the size of Nebraska. Picture it.  In a single year, we lost forests that were the size of Nebraska. That  is bad news in the fight against climate disruption because  deforestation accounts for more than 10 percent of global carbon  dioxide emissions, not to mention that forests play an incredibly  important role in supporting diversified ecological systems around the  globe.   So there we have it--this week's episode 5 of the Senate Climate  Disruption Quiz. These are questions ripped right from the headlines.  The facts on the ground are changing rapidly as the pace of climate  disruption increases. This is the single biggest test facing humankind.  It is a test that calls on every one of us to respond.   It is simply a fact that the devastation we have witnessed recently  in  [[Page S6127]]  Houston, TX, is far more dramatic because of climate disruption and  carbon pollution. It is simply a fact that the devastation we just  witnessed in Florida is far worse than the disruption and the  devastation that would have occurred otherwise. That is why we all need  to keep working to tackle this challenge. The United States should be  in the lead in taking on the seminal challenge of humankind in our  generation.   Thank you, Mr. President.   