 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S6335]]    The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I rise today to honor the life of Elder  Robert D. Hales, a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the  Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.   Elder Hales passed away peacefully on Sunday, October 1, at the age  of 85. He leaves behind his faithful wife Mary and their two sons,  Stephen and David.   Robert Hales was born and raised in a faithful household in Long  Island, NY. He was an all-American boy who played baseball through  college at the University of Utah but eventually traded in his baseball  uniform for a flight suit, serving in the U.S. Air Force as a jet  fighter pilot. Elder Hales's service as a military aviator would inform  the rest of his life and certainly his entire ministry. He took with  him the unit motto displayed on the side of his aircraft: ``Return With  Honor.''   After his discharge from the military, Elder Hales entered the world  of international business. In jobs around the world, he established a  reputation as an enthusiastic leader who relished a challenge and dealt  fairly with others. Because of these qualities, Elder Hales rose to  become president of Paper Mate, a division of Gillette. Later, he  assumed senior executive positions at Max Factor Company, the Hughes  Television Network, and Chesebrough-Pond's Manufacturing Company. But  Elder Hales never let work dominate his life, as so many executives do.  Despite the enormous demands on his time, he stayed faithful to the  more important commitments he made to his family and to his Lord.   So it was that Robert Hales, a business executive of international  renowned, made an unusual decision in the prime of his life: He left  the corporate world to give his all to the church. When Jesus said  ``Come, follow me,'' Robert Hales left his nets straightaway and became  a fisher of men.   Elder Hales was called to become the presiding bishop of the church  in 1985, overseeing the church's vast charitable network. As bishop, he  used the skills of a business executive not for profit but to help the  least of those among us.   In 1994, Elder Hales was sustained to the Quorum of the Twelve  Apostles, a church position he held for 23 years until his passing just  days ago. From this position as a watchman on the tower, he boldly  proclaimed the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and he also spoke out on such  pressing societal issues as religious freedom. He saw that the erosion  of religious belief in the United States was quickly devolving into  social and political intolerance for religious people and institutions.  But this prediction did not lead Elder Hales to despair, no; instead,  he redoubled his efforts to edify the next generation--the young men  and women who were in the preparatory period of life, as he termed it.   His addresses and sermons were full of moral exhortation and  practical advice on living well. Don't walk, run to holiness, he urged  his brothers and sisters in faith. Elder Hales knew that holiness is an  activity, a pursuit to which we must consecrate our whole lives running  the race and enduring to the end.   Through his example and through his words, Elder Hales taught that  virtue is not just a good intention but a good deed reinforced and  compounded by past deeds.   Elder Hales urged young men and women to embrace the joys of  adulthood through marriage, child-rearing, and responsible citizenship.  He knew that the way to true happiness lies in those sacrificial  activities, not the selfish lifestyles that tempt so many today.   During one memorable address to the General Conference of the church,  Elder Hales recounted the advice he received as a boy when he had been  tempted to make a poor decision: ``Robert,'' his father had said to  him, ``straighten up and fly right!'' From the testimony of his life,  it is clear that Elder Hales honored his father's advice in the Air  Force, in the workforce, in the household, and in the church. Elder  Robert D. Hales flew right. Now he has returned with honor to be  embraced by his Heavenly Father.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   