 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this dangerous  effort to block the stream protection rule, a commonsense proposal that  has the potential to save lives and will improve the health, outcomes,  and well-being of families over time throughout coal country.   This bottle of--I guess you could call it a liquid--wasn't taken from  an industrial waste site or from the runoff of a landfill. This came  from the drinking well of the Urias family's home in Pike County,  Kentucky.   Despite what it looks like, there is water in there along with  chemicals, toxic minerals, and known carcinogens, all present in this  family's drinking water because of mountaintop removal.   The mountaintop removal process begins with beautiful mountains that  look just like this. These are Appalachian Mountains near the West  Virginia-Kentucky border.   First, they raze an entire side of the mountain, tearing trees from  the ground and burning down any plant growth. From there, they use  explosives to blast the tops off the mountains and push rock and dirt  out, ultimately filling the surrounding streams and waterways with  debris, blast materials, and other dangerous elements and minerals that  end up in the drinking water of the Urias family and countless others  throughout coal country.   This is what is left.   As we have noted during our fight for funding to help the families of  Flint, Michigan, dealing with water contamination, this should not  happen here in America in the 21st century; yet families in coal  country have been dealing with this for 40 years. So you can imagine  how many people's health has been jeopardized by this practice.   The stream protection rule that the House is about to block would  serve as one of the only safety measures that would protect these  families from poisonous drinking water, higher rates of cancer, lung  disease, respiratory illness, cardiovascular disease, birth defects,  and the countless negative health effects that plague this region.   If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to block the  safeguards of the stream protection rule, they should at least consider  supporting my legislation, the Appalachian Communities Health Emergency  Act, or ACHE Act. I introduced this bill earlier today with  Representative Slaughter to suspend new mountaintop removal permits  until the Department of Health and Human Services can conduct a  comprehensive Federal study of the health effects of this reckless  mining method used in my State of Kentucky and throughout coal country.   I believe mountaintop removal should be banned, but at a minimum, we  should halt all new permits until the safety of the residents in the  surrounding communities is assured. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to  oppose today's effort to block this potentially lifesaving rule and  support the ACHE Act.   We have failed to protect the families in these communities, and  passage of this bill will inflict another blow to their health and  well-being. They deserve far better.   I will make a final offer to my colleagues on the other side. If  anybody wants to come and take a drink out of this, I will withdraw the  ACHE Act and vote for their legislation.   