 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 23.   Today we have seen pictures, horrible pictures of some of the best  agricultural land in the world that has been totally destroyed by the  policies of people who are now claiming that they like the environment  too much and that that should have, perhaps, something more to do with  their decisionmaking than what benefits people. Well, what happened is  we have turned one of the most productive food-producing areas of the  world into a catastrophe, a desert that produces nothing.   And who has been in charge of this? Who has been in charge of seeing  this total destruction of what could be a garden for the people of the  world? It has been, yes, the Obama administration appointees for the  last year and, yes, in California, where we have had a leftwing liberal  Democratic administration appointing radical environmentalists the same  way Obama appointed radical environmentalists to determine policy.   And what does that mean to us? It means there is less food being  produced. It means we have turned productive land into a horrible  desert that even animals can't exist upon.   No, it makes a lot of sense right now. What makes sense is that now  we have gone through this drought and seen this destruction that didn't  need to happen. What we need to do is build dams. What we need to do is  to make sure that the water that we now have is being stored properly  so that the people of our State don't suffer, so that wealth that can  be grown from the land in central California, which used to be the  world's breadbasket, that that wealth doesn't just disappear from the  face of the planet.   No, you can't really love nature unless you also love people, and  right now the people of California deserve to have some planning done  about storing water when we have it rather than suffering and having  this type of destruction during our droughts.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of a very important  part of this en bloc proposal, which is filled with important parts.   Dr. Afridi is a Pakistani doctor who risked his life to help our  special forces identify the hiding place of Osama bin Laden, the  planner and commander of the slaughter of 3,000 Americans on 9/11.   Dr. Afridi, clearly an American hero, has languished in a Pakistani  dungeon for the past 6 years and has been sentenced to spend another  two decades in captivity.   Dr. Afridi is a courageous hero. He is not forgotten. His plight is  not ignored.   Tonight, I am pleading that this language be retained in the final  version of this en bloc amendment. This man is suffering for us.   Making my amendment in order acknowledges Dr. Afridi's sacrifice and  demands Pakistani authorities release him immediately.   If we turn our backs on such a noble friend as Dr. Afridi, shame on  us.   And I thank the Members who put this bill together for including this  very moral statement.   