 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 1730, the Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of  2017. I introduced this bipartisan bill with the support of my friend,  Representative Derek Kilmer of Washington State. Our legislation is  essential in safeguarding religious institutions of all kinds from  atrocious threats and acts of violence.   Earlier this year, we saw a disturbing rise in bomb threats at Jewish  community centers, churches, and other religious institutions across  the country. Our communities were in distress as cemeteries were  vandalized because of their religious affiliation.   This kind of hate crime is simply unacceptable. After all, religious  tolerance is the bedrock on which this great Nation was founded.   According to a report by the Anti-Defamation League, the number of  anti-Semitic incidents in the United States increased dramatically, by  86 percent, in the first 3 months of 2017. We can attribute this year's  increase to 155 vandalism incidents, including three cemetery  desecrations and 161 hoax bomb threats against religious community  centers. This is a dramatic increase of 127 percent over the same  quarter in 2016.   On November 13, 2017, the FBI released its 2016 annual Hate Crime  Statistics Act data documents. The study found that more than 100 hate  crimes occurred at churches in the United States in 2016 alone.   Unfortunately, hate crimes motivated by religious affiliations  accounted for 1,538 total offenses and 1,273 incidents that were  reported by law enforcement.   Hate crimes do not just hurt one person. They cause great distress to  our families, communities, and society as a  [[Page H9775]]  whole. In my own home State of Tennessee, we, sadly, experienced  multiple bomb threats at a local Jewish community center. These events  shook the entire community.   In addition to the fear inflicted upon these institutions after a  threat, there are tangible ramifications for the centers. Many  community centers and places of worship are forced to temporarily close  their doors as a result of these threats.   Families who rely on the center's services, such as Bible study and  early childhood education programs, have been forced to choose between  their faith community and their safety. Here, in the United States of  America, people should not have to make that choice. Our Nation was  founded on the idea of religious freedom, and our commitment to  religious freedom must remain unshakable. It is time we say enough is  enough. Religious intolerance has no place in this country.   The Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017 would  ensure that individuals who make credible threats of violence against  religious community centers and places of worship can be prosecuted for  committing a hate crime under Federal law.   This bipartisan bill strengthens Federal criminal statutes to prevent  threats while preserving our First Amendment rights. It is our moral  imperative to protect the right of all Americans to worship freely and  without fear, a right that is sewn into our Nation's very fabric. We  must strongly condemn any acts of hate against people and all  institutions of faith.   I thank Representative Kilmer for his hard work on this legislation.  I am proud of this bipartisan effort that we have led. I also thank all  of the cosponsors of this bill and Chairman Goodlatte for his  leadership on the Judiciary Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this very  important legislation.   