 Mr. President, I rise to support the nomination of Jeff  Sessions to be the next Attorney General of the United States of  America, and I would like to explain why.   It seems to me that most Americans don't care about the politics on  Capitol Hill. They don't particularly care about the politics in the  Senate, and they don't especially care about the politics in  Washington, DC. Most Americans are too busy earning a living. These are  the Americans who get up every day, they go to work, they work hard,  they obey the law, they try to do the right thing by their kids, and  they try to save a little money for retirement.   Most Americans I think are fairminded, and most Americans are  commonsensical. They understand that when they elect a President, the  President can't do the job alone. He gets help, and he starts with  appointing members of his Cabinet. Of course, the Senate has to provide  advice and consent and confirm those appointees.   Most Americans understand that a President--whoever the President--is  not going to pick his enemies to do that. He is not going to pick  somebody he doesn't trust. He is not going to pick someone to advise  him if he is not qualified. He is going to pick someone he is on  friendly terms with. He is going to pick somebody who is competent. He  is going to pick somebody who is experienced. That is what President  Trump has done. That is what President Obama did. That is what  Secretary Hillary Clinton would have done, had she been elected  President.   Now, President Trump has nominated Senator Jeff Sessions. I recognize  that not all Americans and not all Members of the Senate agree with his  political positions. Some folks don't agree with his political party.  Some folks don't like him because they don't like the person who  appointed him. I  [[Page S949]]  get that. Some folks may not even like the part of the country he is  from. That is OK. This is America. In America, you can believe anything  you want to believe, and as long as you don't hurt anybody, you can say  it.   But it seems to me that no reasonable person, if they look at Senator  Jeff Sessions' record, can argue that he is not qualified, if by  qualified you mean that he has any potential to be a great Attorney  General.   This is a man who has served as a State attorney general. This is a  man who was a U.S. attorney not for 1 year or 5 years or 6 years. For  12 years he served as a U.S. attorney. This is a gentleman who has been  a U.S. Senator for 20 years, three terms, and three times the good  people of Alabama have sent Jeff Sessions to this body.   Most people here know him. They have had lunch with him. They have  met his family. They have worked with him on bills. They have worked  against him on bills. They know him, and they know he is qualified.   There has been a lot of discussion about whether Senator Sessions  will respect the rule of law. He will. He understands the difference  between making policy, as Congress does, and executing policy. I have  no doubt whatsoever that Senator Sessions, as the next Attorney  General, will be more than willing to enforce laws that he might not  necessarily agree with.   There has been some discussion about Senator Sessions and the Bill of  Rights. Senator Sessions understands the importance of personal  liberty. I listened very attentively in the Judiciary Committee. He was  asked a lot of questions about our Constitution. It is clear to me that  Senator Sessions understands that the Bill of Rights is not for the  high school quarterback. The Bill of Rights is not for the prom queen.  The Bill of Rights is there to protect the unprotected, the man or  woman in America who might want to do things a little differently. He  understands that very, very clearly.   At some point, we all have to stop regretting yesterday, and we have  to start creating tomorrow, and that is the point we are at.   I unconditionally support Senator Jeff Sessions to be the next  Attorney General of the United States of America.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lee). The Senator from South Carolina.   