 Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the  amendment, although I am not opposed.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. Schneider for bringing  this amendment. I am glad to be a cosponsor of the amendment.   Mr. Chair, the Iranians are a serious threat to the world, to  international security. Iran's foreign policy is very clear. The  Ayatollah has said it numerous times and continues to say that the  foreign policy of Iran is: First, destroy Israel; second, destroy the  United States. They have never wavered on this goal, and they are doing  everything they can militarily to eventually try to reach those two  goals.   But the greatest victims of the mullah's regime in Tehran are the  people of Iran. They have been held hostage by the Supreme Leader who  obviously cares more about ballistic missiles and international  terrorism than taking care of the livelihood of the people who live  under this regime.   The regime has become a notorious international leader in  suppression, execution, torture, and inhumanity. The world knows about  what is taking place in Iran, and the good people of Iran have no  political space for expression or dissent. If they decide to dissent  from the actions of the Ayatollah, well, it is off to jail or they are  hung in the public square. We saw what the regime did to the protesters  of the Green Movement in 2009.   Despite what some people still try to say, the current government is  not seeking any sort of moderation. Over 3,000 executions have taken  place under the regime's so-called President Rouhani. Scores of human  rights defenders and political activists are still in prison or under  House arrest, and they haven't been charged with anything and, of  course, they haven't been tried.   The United States needs to prioritize elevating the voices of the  Iranian people who are persecuted under oppression by this regime.  These Iranians really represent the best of the Iranian civilization,  and they are going to be the future of Iran.    We should take note of what is happening to them. It should be the  U.S. foreign policy to focus significant attention on the serious human  rights violations taking place in Iran.   I am happy to support and join Mr. Schneider in this amendment which  will require the Treasury Department to issue recommendations as to how  we can better prevent the mullahs from continuing the violent assault  on human rights of the Iranian people. The United States must be at the  forefront of this battle for human rights and decency for the Iranian  people.   We must call out the Ayatollah and the mullahs for what they are  doing. They are persecuting, violating human rights of the Iranian  people. The Iranian regime is the number one state sponsor of world  terror, and it also rains down terror on its own people. We need to put  the squeeze on them even if it hurts their little feelings.   I urge support of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman once again for  bringing this amendment to the floor. I gladly support it.   And that is just the way it is.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   