 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R.  3354.   Since we last met, we began spending, I guess, a new $15 billion on  the tragedies in Florida and Texas. I haven't had a chance to see how  all of my colleagues are doing, but I sure hope that we are getting  nothing but amendments designed to reduce spending to make up for the  difference. I hope that is so.   I am looking at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and  Explosives. I am on the Government Oversight Committee. We recently had  another hearing on Fast and Furious. I don't think there has been  enough contrition there at all. This was, I think, probably the biggest  scandal in my lifetime, and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms  and Explosives has to consider themselves to be a big part of that  scandal.   Being from Wisconsin, I am also familiar with a local scandal we had  there. If you google ``ATF'' and ``Milwaukee,'' you will find a  situation in which they were selling guns which they shouldn't have  been selling and buying guns which they shouldn't have been buying. So  there is another reason why we should look at the Bureau of Alcohol,  Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.   Despite these scandals, their funding has gone nothing but up over  the last few years. We are, in this budget, looking to borrow between  13 to 14 percent of this budget, and that is before we begin to have to  spend money on the Florida and Texas hurricanes.   I am introducing a bill with a mild 5 percent across-the-board cut to  ATF. President Trump had wanted a smaller increase. The Appropriations  Committee went $20 million over what President Trump wanted. I don't  think that is right. I think they need a little bit of a slap-down  here.   I am looking to reduce the amount of spending on this organization by  $64 million. I think that is very appropriate given the scandals that  they have been involved in. It is very appropriate given that we are  borrowing 14 percent of our money. In the sane world, we would almost  take every agency down 14 percent. We don't have time for that, but  this agency, based on their behavior, seems in favor of that.   I know some people are going to probably not want to cut anything  here. We just heard in the last amendment that it appears like some  people want to go up. I think this is a modest decrease, and I think  they should have no problem finding this small amount of money.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am going to disagree a little bit with  one of those past statements.   We have heard the statement made, sometimes behind closed doors by a  lot of people, and that is we have an increase of discretionary  spending over the last 3 years. This is a mild cut this year, but over  the last 3 years, collectively, it is an increase, 3 or 4 years.   There are some people who feel that we shouldn't scrutinize that  spending because so much of our budget is mandatory spending. I do feel  that we need a larger cut in mandatory spending than the rather modest  cut that came out of the Budget Committee, and I hope everybody in our  Conference will demand a more significant cut in mandatory spending.    But, nevertheless, discretionary spending is 30 percent of the  budget. Common sense will tell you that, as things become more  technology oriented, it should be easier for an agency that processes  data, like the ATF, to do their business with a little bit less money.   And one more time I will emphasize that there haven't been cuts to  reflect these scandals in the ATF, and I think that, if we are not  going to kind of slap them on the wrist now, when will we?   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, as the designee of the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Buck), I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, as mentioned, this amendment was actually  drafted by Representative Buck from Colorado. I understand this  amendment passed on a voice vote last time.   I do have a nice speech that Representative Buck's office has  prepared for me, but I am not going to read a speech that is not my  speech. I am sure it is a wonderful speech.   I hope the chairman allows this amendment in.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to point something out. I am glad  I have a chance to speak on this amendment.   When I was growing up, I spent a lot of time before school, a lot of  time after school, and a lot of time in summer school being supervised  by my parents. They did a great job.   I think before we fall all over ourselves to make sure the government  is the one supervising people all the time, we ought to remember it is  good to educate the public that parents are responsible for a little of  this as well, and nobody loves their kids like their parents.    Mr. Chairman, I have 30 seconds, so I will give any  listeners a suggestion.   I suggest you spend some time at your local tech school or your local  trade school and ask the people who teach there how many of their  students are former 4-year students who cannot find a job in the field  in which they thought.   These people can have a family-supporting job 8 or 9 years earlier if  they are directed to a technical education or a trade school. They will  be supporting their families and be able to do that when they are 21 or  22 rather than 31 or 32.   You will learn a lot if you talk to your local tech school or trade  school.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in support of an amendment to reduce funding by 2 percent for  the Department of Education's Office of Program Administration,  Inspector General, and Student Aid Administration.   I say this because, even a month ago, it was apparent that when we  wind up doing the appropriations bill or an omnibus bill or wherever we  are, we are probably going to be borrowing about 14 percent of that  budget. Then in the last month, we have had two hurricanes hit America,  and we have already set aside another $15 billion.   I want to remind people here that we are approaching $20 trillion in  debt--$60,000 for every man, woman, and child in this country. If you  have a family of four, they are $240,000 in debt.   I think given those numbers, every Congressman, when they look at  this appropriation document, ought to make as their primary goal  spending less money. And again, we are borrowing like 14 percent.   When I was a State legislator, I dealt several times with people from  the Department of Education; and, honestly, the few times I dealt with  them, I never felt that their positions or what they were doing helped  anybody at all. It looked like they almost had too many people there.   So I think a small reduction of 2 percent is something that we should  all be supportive of, make a little bit of a dent on that deficit and a  little bit of a dent on that huge sea of money we voted for--including  myself--working its way towards Florida and Texas.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    No. It is a 2 percent cut in administration, inspector  general, and student aid.    Mr. Chair, I think we have had enough debate, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment,  which will reduce funding for the National Labor Relations Board by $99  million in fiscal year 2018. Since its inception, the NLRB has served  as a partisan board that flips in ideology from one administration to  the next, often cutting businesses off at the knees and stifling  economic growth.   In just the last 8 years of the Obama administration, the NLRB  managed to overturn a total of 4,105 collective years of precedent in  90 cases. In cases such as the ambush election rule and the joint  employer rule, the board significantly overstepped their bounds and  dipped their hands into the day-to-day business operations of  hardworking Americans.   Now, let me be clear: I am not here to attack the unions. I wish more  people would join unions under the amendment that we just dealt with. I  believe that employees should have the right to join a union if they  think that joining a union is best for them and their family. But the  fact remains, since 1990, the NLRB has received 65 percent fewer  election petitions and 40 percent fewer unfair labor practice charges.  Meanwhile, while private sector labor representation has decreased in  the last 25 years, the NLRB's budget has increased in inflation- adjusted dollars by close to $50 million.   My amendment would implement a necessary reduction to the NLRB, which  will bring their funding in line with their expected workload for the  upcoming fiscal year. Specifically, my amendment saves taxpayers close  to $100 million in the upcoming fiscal year and provides private  industry with relief that the NLRB will have to focus on the most  pressing cases that arise rather than engaging in partisan witch hunts.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, my only other comment is assuming that  figure of employees is right, and this is not the total number of  employees, just the employees that she envisions being cut, 1,500. I  always kind of look at my State, which is about typical in size. That  would be 30 employees on a board that I wouldn't think our forefathers  would have thought of. So people have to consider for themselves, I  guess, whether the average State would even need 30 employees. Here we  are just  [[Page H7299]]  cutting 30. We are still leaving the bulk of the agency in existence.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   