 Mr. President, I am not involving myself in this debate.   I just want to say to Senator McCain: You demonstrated yesterday the  best of the U.S. Senate when an issue like this arose, and instead of  blocking a vote, you said you were glad to have a vote. You are  obviously in strong disagreement with the substance of this amendment.   I just want to tell you how much I personally appreciate your  allowing a vote on this, the role you played in all things Russia and  Iran, your forceful nature on these issues, your great leadership, and  the role you have played in getting us today to a vote that isn't  requiring cloture, where you have allowed this amendment to take place.  I  [[Page S3511]]  cannot tell you how much I appreciate that and appreciate the role you  play in this body.    Mr. President, it is my understanding that Senator Cardin  and I will speak for a few moments, and then we will have three votes,  one of which will be on the RD-180 issue, one of which will be on the  NATO issue, and then final passage; is that correct? Am I correct in  that?    Then there will be a series of votes, with no comments  made in advance of those votes; is that correct?    Mr. President, I will be very brief, and we will split  our time.   I want to say that, to me, today the U.S. Senate is functioning in  the way our Founders intended for it to function.   It has been my goal, since the beginning of my leadership on the  Foreign Relations Committee, for our committee and for this Senate to  reaffirm its role in foreign policy issues. Today, the U.S. Senate, in  a time of uncertainty around our Nation and uncertainty about some of  our foreign policy issues, is asserting its responsibilities as it  relates to foreign policy for the United States of America. I thank  Senators on both sides of the aisle for the role they have played in  getting us here.   This is a very strong piece of legislation that in many ways has  almost occurred under the radar screen because of the way it has been  done. The fact that we have had no cloture vote, the fact that we are  having amendments, as has been discussed before, and the fact that this  legislation sends a very strong signal to Russia that the nefarious  activities they have been involved in--it does the same with Iran, with  the activities outside of the JCPOA that they have been involved in,  affirming our commitment to NATO, which we will do to article 5, NATO,  in just a few moments.   I thank this body. I thank Leaders McConnell and Schumer for allowing  the environment to exist for us to work  [[Page S3512]]  in the manner we have. I thank our ranking member, Senator Cardin, and  those members--Senator Crapo and Brown and others--who have played such  a significant role. Senator McCain is on the floor, Senator Graham,  Senator Rubio, Senator Menendez, Senator Shaheen--so many members who  have gotten us to this place.   This is a great moment for the U.S. Senate. This is the way the  Senate is supposed to function, and this is the way the Senate is  supposed to exercise its prerogatives as it relates to foreign policy,  a great moment for our body.   Senator Cardin.    No question. I thank the Senator for those comments.   Our staffs have been remarkable, and the years of experience and  knowledge they bring to this no doubt allowed us to do something so  substantial in an amount of time, yet do so in a methodical way.   With that, I ask unanimous consent that the votes following the first  vote in this series be 10 minutes in length.    Mr. President, I thank all those involved in the message  that is being sent. I support the amendment, and I urge a ``yes'' vote.  Thank you.    I ask for the yeas and nays.  [[Page S3513]]    