 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the magnitude of this moment should be  apparent to all. A sitting U.S. President's campaign chief and his  protege have been indicted for conspiring against the United States.  Another campaign adviser has pleaded guilty for lying to the FBI about  meetings with Russians. At those meetings, he illegally discussed  obtaining dirt on the President's political opponent and emails that  had been stolen.   Two points need to be underscored for the American people. First,  these indictments and conviction are a sober, shattering moment in  American history. Second, all of us on both sides of the aisle should  come together to support the work of the special counsel and assure  that he is able to follow the facts and the law and all of the  evidence, wherever they may lead.   This moment will stand as a landmark in American history, just as  many of the moments in Watergate did. This investigation has proceeded  more quickly than Watergate did. John Mitchell was indicted in 1974 for  conspiracy, perjury, and obstruction of justice. He was convicted a  year later. That indictment took a year and a half of investigation.  These indictments have occurred just 11 months after the election and  barely 6 months after the beginning of the investigation.   We know that the President's campaign hired two alleged criminals and  one admitted criminal. Two of them were foreign agents, and the  campaign was run by a Russian agent, unregistered, now charged with  conspiring against the United States. He was supported by another  Russian foreign agent who was also charged with the same 12 criminal  counts. These two individuals, Paul Manafort and Rick Gates, were  significant people in the Trump campaign.   In the case of Gates, his influence continued through the early  months of the new administration. Manafort ran Trump's campaign at its  most critical point, and he organized and directed the 2016 Republican  National Committee convention, including the critical delegate- corralling effort against a potential ``Never Trump'' insurrection,  securing the Republican nomination for Donald Trump.   Under Manafort's leadership of the Trump campaign, the Republican  Party stripped language from their platform that would have called for  arming Ukraine against Russian aggression. Ahead of the convention,  Manafort also offered to brief a Russian billionaire on the state of  the 2016 race. The convention he helped organize became a venue for a  meeting between Attorney General Sessions and the Russian ambassador,  after which the Attorney General misled Congress, implying--indeed  stating--that it never took place.   The Trump campaign also worked extensively with George Papadopoulos,  a foreign adviser whose actions constitute the most significant  indication of possible collusion--so far the most significant--between  the Trump campaign and Russian officials.   Papadopoulos was named a foreign policy adviser in March 2016 and  began communicating with Russian nationals the next month. He met with  a professor for breakfast in London. They discussed stolen emails from  Hillary Clinton and subsequently shuttled messages to the Kremlin and  back for the Trump campaign.   He worked with officials at the highest level of the Trump campaign.  His direct boss, in fact, was Jeff Sessions, who was then the head of  Trump's national security advisory committee, and he is now, of course,  the Attorney General. He communicated extensively with the campaign  manager and members of the national security team.   President Trump tweeted today that he was a ``young, low level  volunteer,'' but the President sang his praises at a meeting with the  Washington Post editorial board in March 2016, calling him an ``energy  and oil consultant, excellent guy.'' These revelations are stunning.   Now the President is at a critical juncture. He can choose the course  of cooperation or confrontation. He is literally teetering on the brink  of a decision that could prove disastrous for himself and for America  if he chooses a constitutional confrontation.   We are at a moment very much like the one that occurred in Watergate.  It is still memorable to many of us in this Chamber, although we were  not here at the time. Our Nation could be careening toward a  constitutional crisis. Some of the actions the President has already  taken, such as firing Jim Comey as FBI Director, may be evidence of  obstruction of justice in the investigation by the special counsel. As  part of our oversight responsibility, the Judiciary Committee must  continue its work in investigating that firing and other actions that  may constitute obstruction of justice.   Firing the special counsel himself is something only the President  could try to do. It would be the ultimate act of contempt for the rule  of law that is rightly seen as the actions of someone who has something  to hide.   At stake is more than just this President or this special counsel. It  is literally the rule of law. To this President, the rule of law may be  meaningless, a facade or a fiction, but that is exactly why Congress  must give the judicial branch specific, enforceable power to stop the  President from firing the special counsel.   That is the purpose of legislation I have introduced, along with  colleagues. I am here to call upon this body to support and pass the  Special Counsel Independence Protection Act.   I called for the special counsel to be established in February of  this year and was joined by 10 of my colleagues in that call. It was  based on credible allegations that the Trump team had colluded with the  Russian Government. The Special Counsel Independence Protection Act,  which I have cosponsored along with colleagues, seeks to forestall the  kind of potential constitutional crisis raised by the President's  threats not so long ago and his labeling the investigation a hoax and a  witch hunt.   The Washington Post reported today that advisers close to the  President are urging that, in fact, he take more aggressive action  against the special counsel. The specter of Presidential action against  Robert Mueller, designed to stop or stymie a virtually unavoidable and  necessary criminal investigation of the President himself, makes  safeguarding the special counsel more urgent and necessary now than  ever before.   Rather than encouraging Presidential abuse of power by inaction, the  Congress must move forward right away to check potential malfeasance  and abuse before it occurs. Even the threat of such political  interference constituting potential obstruction of justice undermines  the special counsel's investigation. It makes witnesses less likely to  cooperate. It discourages the agents and investigators working for the  special counsel. It creates unnecessary confusion in the American  public. Only judicial review can provide the check against such abuse  and ensure confidence that the special counsel will proceed  methodically and systematically to uphold the rule of law and follow  the facts in evidence, wherever they may lead. That is what the  American people want him to do. That is what we should guarantee that  he will do. Make no mistake, this investigation will continue and  conclude fairly and fully. The only question is how much turmoil and  how much damage is done in the course of that investigation.   Clearly, like any investigation and prosecution, this one is a  mosaic, consisting of many different diverse pieces and already it is  coming together on the Trump campaign's contacts with Russian  officials. They include, for example, campaign adviser Papadopoulos's  contacts with a Russian agent who claimed he had ``dirt'' on Hillary  Clinton; Donald Trump, Jr., and the campaign aides' Trump Tower meeting  with Russian agents to obtain information on Clinton; Jared  [[Page S6941]]  Kushner's meetings with sanctioned VEB Russian bank CEO Sergey Gorkov;  Sessions' meetings with the Russian Ambassador; the Cambridge Analytica  CEO's outreach to WikiLeaks to obtain Hillary Clinton's missing emails;  and former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's dining with  President Putin in Moscow. Those pieces of the mosaic are only the  beginning. We are at a critical stage--the end of the beginning, not  the beginning of the end.   As a former prosecutor, I know investigations take time. The best  investigations are done without deadlines. In an important case like  this one, and in a complex and challenging one, we must allow all the  time necessary to assemble that full mosaic and put together the pieces  of this puzzle.   The Watergate scandal took 2 years to unravel, from Bob Woodward and  Carl Bernstein's first piece in the Washington Post in June of 1972 to  Nixon's resignation in August of 1974. We are less than a year into the  Trump Presidency and fewer than 10 months into this investigation.   The first individuals to be indicted in the Watergate scandal were  considered to be generally outside the President's inner circle. They  were E. Howard Hunt, G. Gordon Liddy, and the Watergate burglars in  September of 1972. No one knew--and many denied--the conspiracy that  involved the President and his top lieutenants at the time of those  first indictments. In these cases, too--in these first indictments and  conviction--a lot more is to come.   We cannot wait until the President potentially shuts down his special  counsel to come to his defense. Already, the rule of law is under  threat. On Sunday--the day before the indictments were handed down--the  President tweeted: ``DO SOMETHING!'' with regard to the Russia  investigation. Although his reference was unclear exactly what he meant  and whom the message was targeting, it certainly was an indication that  some kind of action might be taken to thwart the investigation.   Any interference in this investigation will be a red line for me and  for others in this Chamber. Let the President hear that message loud  and clear. There is a red line that cannot be crossed. It is political  interference or intrusion in the special counsel's investigation, and  it will be met with a firestorm, I hope, on both sides of the aisle. My  conversations with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle  indicate they would share our outrage and outcry if there is an effort  to stop and stymie this investigation or if there is any other kind of  political interference in it.   Senators Graham, Booker, Whitehouse, Coons, and I have cosponsored  measures that will help protect the special counsel. There are two  measures now, but they are so closely similar that they should be  brought together, and conversations are underway to do so. I expect we  will have a single bill in the very near future.   We should stand with one voice against obstruction of this  investigation. I ask that my colleagues go on the record now to state  that they will absolutely resist and oppose any interference by the  executive branch into this investigation or investigations that are  underway by our congressional committees--on the House side, the  Intelligence Committee and, in the Senate, the Judiciary Committee  along with our Intelligence Committee. The congressional committees  have separate purposes. In the Judiciary Committee, we have the unique  responsibility of oversight over the Department of Justice and the FBI.  We have the unique responsibility to prevent the obstruction of justice  and to uncover it, as is indicated by the firing of Jim Comey. My hope  is that investigation will proceed and that it will be bipartisan, so  we will have hearings and subpoena witnesses with public testimony  under oath and eventually some report to the American people. That is  my hope, and that will be our decision here.   The decision we cannot and should not make is what the outcome will  be of the special counsel investigation. We must guarantee--and we have  this responsibility in the Congress--that there is adequate funding and  authority for the special counsel, that there is no effort to either  cut resources or limit the purview of the special counsel or place  constraints on the time it may take for this probe to conclude. There  should be no firing and no pardons, and we should speak out and stand  up to assure that message reaches the White House loud and clear.   This moment is one of historic magnitude. I cannot emphasize how  strongly I feel but also how deeply my colleagues have expressed to me  their own feelings about our responsibility in this moment.   The grand jury that is bringing these indictments is an arm of the  courts, which should be independent of both the executive and  legislative branches. That independence gives the special counsel some  new measure of permanence and protection, but the President can still  try to fire the special counsel. He cannot fire the grand jury or the  U.S. District Court judge who impaneled the grand jury. Judicial review  of any firing of the special counsel, which is the core principle of  our measure--the Special Counsel Independence Protection Act--would add  a highly significant protection to not just deter misguided and deeply  mistaken actions, throwing our Nation into turmoil, but also assuring  that confidence and trust remains with the special counsel, and he can  follow facts and the law with the full support of the American people.  The American people can put their trust and faith in him and in our  courts. We should assure that we uphold that faith and trust.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   