 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in  reminding all of our Members, but particularly our friends on the other  side of the aisle and the Administration, that there is a very real  human cost for each day we delay taking corrective action on President  Trump's unnecessary decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood  Arrivals Program, or DACA.   There was no need for the Trump administration to create this crisis.  There was no reason to throw nearly 800,000 Dreamers and their families  into such uncertainty. Yet the President--despite the fact that most  Americans from both political parties support a solution for the  Dreamers--decided that he needed to overturn this initiative for little  more reason than the fact that it was put in place by President Obama.  These young people, who are American in every way but on paper, may be  uprooted and moved to countries that are totally foreign to them. Yes,  their parents broke the rules to bring them here as children, but their  departure now will be our loss. These are the basic economic facts and  common sense. Moreover, these young people have become our classmates,  neighbors and coworkers, the parents of our children's friends and an  undeniable part of our American community.   I thank many of my colleagues who spoke eloquently here to put names  and faces to the young people who are affected by this crisis. I would  like to associate myself with their remarks. I have also had an  opportunity to meet with Dreamers in Rhode Island who were brave enough  to share their stories with me and with my staff. I hope to meet more  of them, but I can state that these are exactly the kind of hard- working young people who we should be encouraging to put down roots in  our communities.   Skeptics should know the facts. Dreamers have been subjected to deep  scrutiny. They faced background checks by immigration officials, they  have paid significant fees, and they have followed the rules. It is  simply untenable to continue to delay a resolution of their status in  our country any longer. Indeed, too many of my colleagues seem to be in  no hurry to reach a meaningful agreement on passing the bipartisan  Dream Act. This has been an effort that has been led by Members on both  sides of the aisle because many--unfortunately, not enough yet--on both  sides of the aisle believe that these young people are American in  their values and in their commitment to this country. They will  contribute to this country. They already are.   There seems to be this illusion that we have until March 5, the  official end date for DACA, to continue to try to  [[Page S7869]]  fix this problem. There are others who seem to believe that this  crisis, which was prompted by President Trump's decision, is an  opportunity to gain concessions in other areas. This approach of  waiting to try to game the crisis is wrong. It is certainly wrong for  the young people who are waiting nervously--in fact, ``nervously'' is  too mild a term--to determine whether they can stay and contribute to  this great country, as they are already doing.   We have an opportunity, but we have to take it quickly to ensure that  these young men and women can find a way to stay in this country and  contribute to this country. It remains my sincere hope that my  colleagues will come to the table in good faith to pass the bipartisan  Dream Act. Again, let me state that there are Members on both sides who  recognize that these young people are making great contributions to the  country, and this is the only country they have known. Many of them  were infants when they were brought here. They are American in every  way except on paper.   We need to make progress on this. We don't have until March. We have  to do this as quickly as possible.   I yield the floor.   