 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, the  Representative from Texas (Mr. Arrington), for highlighting this most  important part of our American culture, the rural America.   As you mentioned, I came from a small town, like many small towns  across this Nation, and we have seen our area fall into decline, but we  have seen what happens when you have a tremendous rebirth in your local  economy.   But there are so many parts of our great Nation in my great State of  Georgia that simply don't have the opportunities that other areas do,  and that is not necessarily new. It is something that we have faced in  America before, and our country has always stepped up to find the right  answers, to give access to success to the people in rural America and,  in my case, rural Georgia.   And if you think about that, we have done that in multiple ways. We  have built infrastructure there that includes highways. We have built  electric grids to the rural parts of our communities,  telecommunications. It has been absolutely amazing to see what happens  and the benefits to this Nation that come when we invest in  infrastructure to rural Georgia and to rural Alabama and any other  State in this great Nation.   One of the things that we have got to recognize is all of the  wonderful things that we have going on that have been highlighted by  our colleagues here tonight, the agricultural industry that exists,  from everything like our colleague from Louisiana talked about, my  colleague from Georgia, the farming communities. In our area, we have a  tremendous number of cattle farmers, dairy farmers, folks who grow pine  trees.   All of those things are important, but we have got to talk about  enhancing that in a new direction for rural America. As has been talked  about here tonight, a big part of that has to be new infrastructure and  an information highway known as rural broadband that goes into America.   We have companies right now throughout this great Nation that are  wanting to invest in many areas. A lot of times all they are asking us  to do is to get out of the way and let the private sector take over and  do it.   If we do that and we build that infrastructure but we fail to educate  our children in a 21st century economy, then we have built  infrastructure that will never reach its full capacity.   So not only is building broadband to the rural community so vitally  important, pairing our education system to that is vitally important,  too. I believe in our rural communities there is a wealth of talent,  people of all backgrounds, ages, demographics that have incredible  talents that are yet to be tapped into.   I believe that we can tap into those talents, and I believe that  those talents can be highlighted, they can be brought out, and they can  be enhanced by allowing our education systems to be adaptive, to be  able to train these young people, young adults, the future of rural  America, to give them the skills that they need so that they can become  a competitive part of the 21st century economy.   I think that many of our States that have large metropolitan areas  like we do in Georgia with Metro Atlanta have a desire to tap into this  wealth of talent in this workforce that exists in rural Georgia, and I  believe that it gives families a chance to stay together because it  creates economic opportunities for families in rural Georgia that  simply do not exist right now.    So think of a vision for rural America where we are connected with  new infrastructure and information technology systems that allow the  talent that we have congregated in rural Georgia, every small town  across this great Nation, to be able to harness that power, to tie it  back into our metropolitan centers, to create vibrant economic  opportunities, let us figure out ways to harness that economic  opportunity to be able to generate revenue to further enhance our  school systems and enhance our communities in rural America.   We have incredible talent, and we need to bring that talent to the  top. We need to make sure that the talent stays in rural Georgia and  all of our communities, and I believe that we can do that.   We have got to make the commitment to build infrastructure across  this Nation as we have in the past, and I believe the future of rural  America is with rural broadband creating business and educational  opportunities where we are going to harness tremendous talent and reap  tremendous benefits.   Rural America is so important to the fabric of our Nation. It is so  important to the people, to the leadership, to our economy, to who we  are. The greatness and the freedoms that we enjoy are exemplified  nowhere better than in rural America.   I am proud to be from rural America, I am proud to raise my family  there, and I believe that the future is bright.   