 Madam President, I rise today to honor a proud educator,  a dedicated public servant, a beloved native of my home State of West  Virginia, and my very dear friend, Mary Jo Brown. Words cannot express  my gratitude for Mary Jo's service and friendship.   Since my days as Governor, Mary Jo has gone above and beyond to  uphold the standards not only of professionalism, loyalty, and  dedication but also of what it means to be born in the Eastern  Panhandle of West Virginia.   Mary Jo has always had a noble passion for education. She worked for  Berkeley County Schools as a teacher, a library media specialist,  director of public affairs, and finally as principal of Burke Street  Elementary School, where we first became acquainted.   Upon her retirement from Berkeley County Schools, I invited Mary Jo  to work with me as a regional coordinator, a role she kept through my  entire time as Governor and now as U.S. Senator. Her warm personality  and sense of humor truly have a way of making you feel at ease-- laughing quite frequently at not only her but yourself.   I have heard many times from members of the Eastern Panhandle  community that when she is out meeting with elected officials, business  owners, and fellow West Virginians, she provides every confidence that  their voices are being heard, and I can assure you, they are. She gets  in contact with me immediately.   When Mary Jo is given a task, she doesn't take no for an answer. She  is the most tenacious person I have ever met. She gives each project or  challenge her all because it is for the good of her community, our  State, and her hometown.   It would be difficult to find anyone as knowledgeable and dedicated  to our home State as Mary Jo. Among her many contributions to the  Eastern Panhandle, together with her loving husband Walter, was  founding the Walter and Mary Jo Ziler Brown Fund in 2006 to help  Eastern Panhandle students study animal husbandry, agriculture, and  veterinary medicine.   We bonded over our passion for public service, inspiring the next  generation of leaders, and we share the common goal of helping the rest  of the country discover all that our great State of West Virginia has  to offer.  [[Page S6202]]    Now that she is retiring after a long career of teaching, public  service, and more than a decade of Federal service, I know that Mary Jo  will carry the same passion for the Eastern Panhandle and for West  Virginia that she always has, and she will continue to make a  difference wherever she may be and wherever she goes--always for the  State of West Virginia and her community.   It is my greatest honor to extend to her and to Walter my very best  wishes in the days and years ahead.   Thank you, Mary Jo, and God bless you for everything you have done  for me, for our office, and, most importantly, for our State of West  Virginia and the Eastern Panhandle. God bless you.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   