 Madam President, Karen from Missoula County wrote to me  about how her daughter can't afford to buy insurance. ObamaCare imposes  a tax penalty on Americans who don't buy insurance. In fact, in 2014  and 2015 alone, they collected over $5 billion in fines.   It turns out, this tax has hurt poor and middle-income Americans the  worst. That is why I refer to this as ObamaCare's ``poverty'' tax. For  Karen from Missoula, paying ObamaCare's poverty tax is cheaper for her  so she pays the IRS a fine because she can't afford healthcare  insurance.   Take Debbie from Roundup, MT. She lost her own healthcare insurance.  She couldn't afford the $1,700 per month premiums so she, too, was  subject to ObamaCare's poverty tax and was forced to pay the IRS.   Take Mike from Kalispell, MT. He is concerned for his son who can't  afford a health insurance plan either. The poverty tax he is forced to  pay to the IRS is expensive. It is hard to come up with money to pay  it. There are American families who can't afford health insurance  because of ObamaCare, and what does ObamaCare do? It fines them. This  is adding insult to injury.   These are just a few of the stories I have received from my  constituents back home in Montana, where ObamaCare is doing more harm  than good. Yes, it is doing some good, but it is doing more harm than  good. In fact, 40 percent of the 34,250 Montanans who paid ObamaCare's  poverty tax made less than $25,000 a year; 80 percent made less than  $50,000 a year. This is not a tax on the rich. In fact, just 3.4  percent make more than $100,000. This is a tax on the poor.   Instead of helping these vulnerable Montanans to make ends meet,  ObamaCare puts a poverty tax on them for being too poor to afford  health insurance. In fact, in Montana alone, they paid nearly $7.8  million to the IRS. This individual mandate--this poverty tax--is  immoral. It is unfair. It is a tax on freedom. It needs to be repealed  immediately, and these poverty taxes must be paid back to the poor who  have paid them.   Our friends across the aisle will say we want to get rid of taxes on  the rich, but the rich aren't paying this tax. The poor are paying this  tax. I think the right thing to do--the handshake agreement we have  back in Montana as Montanans, where a man or woman's word is worth  something--the right thing to do is, they should be paid back.   That is why I will be offering an amendment on the floor when we  debate. We should pay back this poverty tax to the poor who have paid  it. The poverty tax is just one of the many problems of ObamaCare, and  I look forward to continued debate.   By the way, if you take this to the higher level here nationwide,  nearly 8 million Americans have paid this poverty tax. As we looked at  every State's numbers, it all is about the same: Somewhere between 40  percent and 50 percent of those Americans make less than $25,000 a  year. In Indiana, it is 176,000 Indianans.   We have them for every State. Look at West Virginia. West Virginians,  45,000 have paid the poverty tax; 49 percent make less than $25,000 a  year.   Take North Dakota. We share, in Montana, the same fence line with  North Dakota. They are our neighbor. Over 20,000 North Dakotans paid  the poverty tax. North Dakotans paid $4.6 million, and 40 percent of  them make less than $25,000 a year.    Missouri: 143,000 Missourians paid the poverty tax, and nearly 48  percent of those Missourians make less than $25,000 a year.   Wisconsin: 115,000 paid the poverty tax, and 45 percent make less  than $25,000.   I have a lot of other States. I would urge my colleagues to take a  look at their respective States, and I ask: Can you look in the mirror  and say we should be charging this poverty tax on those who make less  than $25,000 a year?   Madam President, I yield the floor.   