 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to commemorate the life and  legacy of Jack Robinson, who passed away on March 1, 2017, in Pierre,  SD, at the age of 92.   Jack dedicated his life to public service--first to his Nation in the  U.S. military and later to thousands of students as a teacher in  Pierre.   When Jack graduated from high school in 1942, he was awarded a  scholarship to Yangton College, but instead of furthering his  education, he answered the call of duty amidst World War II and  enlisted in the U.S. Army.   After transferring from the infantry to the Army Air Corps, he  completed navigation school and became a crew member on a B-17 bomber.  He and his team were eventually sent overseas to England and completed  27 combat missions over Germany before being shot down on March 2,  1945. Shortly afterward, Jack returned home to South Dakota.   Throughout the rest of his life, he was a strong advocate for the  military and a true patriot. With the stories he told and the love of  country he shared, he showed what it meant to be a true American hero.  For that, he affectionately adopted the nickname ``Captain Jack.''   There are not enough words in a dictionary to describe what we owe to  the men and women who fought in World War II to save our Nation and to  save democracy for the world. Jack Robinson put his own dreams aside  and put his own life in great danger for our country and for all of the  future generations of Americans.   After World War II, Jack graduated from Yankton College and taught  high school science at Highmore, SD, for 2 years. Then he earned his  master's degree in biology from the University of South Dakota. For the  next 35 years, Jack was a teacher at Riggs High School in my hometown  of Pierre. There, he created advanced biology and aeronautics programs  for his students and inspired several young South Dakotans to become  doctors. Dr. Brent Lindbloom of Pierre said his father and Jack  Robinson were the reasons he became a doctor. ``Mr. Robinson was a  great teacher,'' he said. ``He taught us how to study and inspired us  to pursue our dreams.''   I couldn't agree more.   As a teenager, Jack taught me navigational skills needed to properly  fly an airplane, fueling a lifelong passion that continues today. As  Jack would say, ``you have to know the difference between compass  course and compass heading.''   Over the years he taught many others navigational skills as well. But  he didn't just teach young people how to fly in the skies. He was a  tremendous role model for all of us and for all the students he taught.   As a bomber crew member, Jack defended our gift of democracy. As a  teacher, he gave us what we needed to become responsible adults and  pursue our own dreams. In 1994, Jack was inducted into the South Dakota  Aviation Hall of Fame as a combat crew member. I can state that he was  very proud of that moment. But more important than his many  achievements as a war hero and as a teacher was his life as a husband,  father, grandfather, and great-grandfather.   We are a better people because Jack touched so many lives with his  knowledge, kindness, and passion for living. His loss is felt by  countless South Dakotans.   With this, I welcome the opportunity to recognize and commemorate the  life of this great public servant and personal role model of mine, Mr.  Jack Robinson.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   