 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  315, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, sponsored by the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Burgess), a fellow OB/GYN and chairman of the  Health Caucus.   One of the easiest ways to ensure a safer and healthier pregnancy  experience for both mother and child is through adequate maternity  care. Unfortunately, there are pockets across the United States where  women do not have access to needed OB/GYN care, which puts both mothers  and babies at risk should a complication arise.   As an OB/GYN who spent 31 years in practice, I find it unacceptable  that 1 million babies are born to mothers who did not receive adequate  prenatal care. Without that proper care, babies born to these mothers  are three times more likely to be born at a low birth weight and five  times more likely to die than babies whose mothers did receive adequate  maternity care.   With a large number of OB/GYNs nearing retirement age and a female  population expected to increase by 36 percent by 2050, there is no more  important time than now to ensure adequate access to maternity care for  all mothers, no matter where they live. A woman living in rural east  Tennessee or rural Texas should have the same access to adequate  maternity care as someone living in the city of Nashville, Memphis,  Dallas, or wherever.   I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation that would require the  Health Resources and Services Administration to designate maternity  healthcare professional shortage areas and target maternity care  resources where they are most needed, helping to ensure healthier  pregnancies and healthier babies.   It was my job as an OB/GYN to make sure that mothers and their  children  [[Page H204]]  were healthy during and after pregnancy, and I feel very strongly about  that duty now that I am here in Congress. While this bill will not  solve the entire shortage crisis, I think this bill is a meaningful  start. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.   