 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr.  Newhouse), my colleague on the Rules Committee, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, in the West, water is life. Coloradans must wisely  steward the precious water flowing through our lands. That is why we  are so focused on water storage projects.   Unfortunately, many water storage projects in my State face  significant setbacks in permitting due to a long list of regulatory  checkboxes. Local, State, and Federal agencies all have their own  requirements.   For the past several years, I have followed multiple important water  storage projects on the front range of Colorado that deeply impact  Coloradans. Year after year, the shovels remain untouched as the water  projects inched their way through the regulatory permitting process.  Water projects should not take over 10 years to permit and then only a  few years to build.   Much of this delay occurs because each level of government--local,  State, and Federal--requires their own studies and permitting  checklists, even though many of those requirements are the same or only  slightly different.   H.R. 1654 makes this process more efficient, allowing the Bureau of  Reclamation to coordinate the Federal and State permitting processes,  so that we can avoid unnecessary duplication and so that we can better  unify the approval requirements.   H.R. 1654 offers a more streamlined approval process for our water  projects but still empowers State and Federal governments to fulfill  our duties to protect communities and the environment.   This is a good government bill. We are simply asking different levels  of government to work together so that our water projects can earn the  permits they rightfully qualify for.   No water project should take 10 years to gain approval, but too many  have. H.R. 1654 ensures that projects on Federal lands will have a  clear, more efficient permit application process.    We owe this bill to the people of Colorado; we owe this bill to the  people of the West. We owe this bill to everyone in this country who  relies on fresh, clean drinking water. We owe it to the farmers who  need water for their crops, to the ranchers who need water for their  livestock, to the anglers who need water for their recreation.   I am supporting H.R. 1654 for these people. I ask my colleagues to  support this important legislation as well.   