 Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been  present, I would have voted ``yea'' on rollcall No. 414.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to  the bill, H.R. 3219.   I would like to thank Dina Titus, Ted Poe, Ro Khanna, Brian Mast, and  Ted Lieu for cosponsoring this amendment.   In short, my amendment will stop funding for painful dog experiments  at the VA. It also includes protections to ensure service dog training  programs can continue unencumbered so that veterans affected by  conditions from blindness to PTSD can receive the help they need.   My amendment combines three bipartisan issues: puppies, veterans, and  government accountability.   Earlier this year, when my wife Laura and I read the news report  about the VA's dog testing program at the Richmond VA Medical Center,  we were disturbed by the descriptions of the types of experiments  conducted on these puppies. From what I read, the type of work they  were doing was on the level of torture. In Richmond, this included  inducing heart attacks. At other labs, the VA was giving  methamphetamine to narcoleptic Dobermans.   My family had a Doberman, and he was part of our family years back. I  can't imagine conducting these tests on man's best friend.   I believe our veterans deserve to receive the highest quality of  healthcare. The Richmond VA Hospital is staffed by talented healthcare  professionals. However, the experiments being conducted at the Richmond  dog research lab have questionable medical benefit. The resources,  money, time, and space being used to conduct these experiments would be  better utilized to deliver high-quality healthcare to Richmond  veterans. The VA's first priority should be caring for our veterans.   A recent report by the VA Office of Research Oversight that was made  public by a FOIA request found widespread lapses in adhering to  protocol, failure to follow Federal animal welfare regulations, and the  lack of sufficient documentation to justify the severity of these  disturbing experiments. Federal taxpayer dollars are better spent  directly caring for our Nation's veterans.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to  defund these harmful experiments on man's best friend.    I yield to the gentleman from Texas.    I yield to the gentlewoman from Nevada.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   