 Mr. President, on behalf of myself and my colleague  Senator Shaheen, I would like to recognize the contributions made to  our Nation and its small businesses by the good work of America's small  business development centers. As chairman and ranking member of the  Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, Ranking Member  Shaheen and I understand the impact that boosting small businesses  makes, with 99.7 percent of all firms across America being small  businesses and their employees making up 48 percent of the total  workforce.   America's small business development centers provide small businesses  across the country with high-quality, low- or no-cost consulting, and a  variety of educational programs. These centers operate in all 50 States  to support an established network of small businesses while encouraging  new entrepreneurs to develop and execute their unique vision, helping  innovators get their own small businesses up and running.   Small business development centers are successful because they  provide the services of a large consulting firm on a locally scaled  level in areas that may go unnoticed by other programs. They provide  tailored, individualized attention to over 450,000 entrepreneurs a  year, which resulted in $6.9 billion in new sales in 2015. That same  year, America's small business development centers aided in the  creation of over 100,000 jobs, and the small businesses they serve  averaged a growth rate of 15.5 percent, which is nearly eight times the  national average.   One of many success stories that can be told is that of Velma, a  marketing software firm in Nampa, ID. Founded in 2006, the firm focused  on empowering loan officers to create stronger relationships through a  customized direct email program. The recession of 2008 hit Velma hard,  and in 2010, the company entered into the small business development  centers business accelerator program. The structure of the program  provided organizational discipline, and the firm pivoted to providing  email marketing for mortgage companies. Since the firm began  participating in the accelerator program, Velma has quadrupled its  employees and created a sustained positive cash flow.   It is a privilege for my colleague and I to recognize America's Small  Business Development Centers Day today, March 22, 2017, and we wish  them continued success as they work to support the next generation of  America's small business owners and entrepreneurs.   