 Mr. President, I am rising because I oppose this  amendment because this is not the way this body should work. The  politics of the people spoke loud and clear. Politics is not going to  be accepted. I have an amendment with a point of order, and this  amendment was pushed in in front of this vote so it would be a  Republican vote and not a Democratic, and I can tell you, I am sick and  tired of it, and the people of America are too.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.   The question is on the Barrasso amendment.    Mr. President, I raise a point of order that the pending  amendment is not germane to the underlying resolution and therefore  violates section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, basically, if you are concerned about  your rural hospital or health care system centers, this is the  amendment that will save them. This is the amendment that will protect  them. You can go home and say, basically, that we have made sure that  no matter what happens with the Affordable Care Act, we are going to  make sure we protect our rural hospitals and rural clinics. That being  said, all of us have rural areas in our States. I urge the adoption of  this amendment and the support of this amendment. It has the teeth of  the budget point of order.   So I urge everybody: If you care about your health care providers-- the economic engine, the protection of your people in your areas that  have very poor health care coverage right now--make sure you vote in  support of this amendment.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904----   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904----   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b)(2) of  that act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas  and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The question is on agreeing to the motion to waive.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.    Mr. President, on behalf of the great people of West  Virginia, I vote no.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not in order during a vote.   The Senate will be in order.   