 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, the House of Representatives has just  passed a bill that would make major changes in the Affordable Care Act  by a vote of 217 to 213. I congratulate the House. The Senate will  carefully review the House bill, and we will go to work on a Senate  bill.   Here are my goals for a Senate bill. I don't pretend to speak for  every Member of the Senate or even every Republican, but these are my  goals for a bill we will fashion here.   No. 1, rescue the thousands of Tennesseans and millions of Americans  who, under the Affordable Care Act, will be trapped in ObamaCare  exchanges with few or zero options for health insurance in the year  2018 unless Congress acts.   My second goal is to lower premium costs. Premium costs have  increased and, in some States, are going through the roof under the  Affordable Care Act.   No. 3, gradually transfer to the states more flexibility in  administering the Medicaid program and do that in such a way as to not  pull the rug out from under those who rely on the Medicaid program.   No. 4, make sure those who have preexisting health conditions have  access to health insurance. This is one thing in the Affordable Care  Act that has strong support from just about everybody, including the  President, that if you have a preexisting condition, you must have  access to healthcare. We need to make sure that is still true in any  bill we create in the Senate.   There is some urgency here because of what is happening in the  individual market. When we say ``individual market,'' here is what we  are talking about. Most Americans get their insurance either from the  government or on the job. About 18 percent of Americans get their  insurance through Medicare. We are not talking about Medicare today.  The bill in the House or the bill we will create in the Senate does not  affect Medicare.   About 60 percent of Americans get their insurance on the job and  about 20 percent or so through Medicaid, and that leaves about 6  percent who go into an Obamacare market to buy it. Many of these  Americans buy their insurance on marketplaces or exchanges created by  the Affordable Care Act. We call those the ObamaCare exchanges. About  85 percent of those who buy their insurance on the exchanges have a  government subsidy to help them buy the insurance.   As every day goes by, we hear and we are going to continue to hear  about insurance companies pulling out of counties and States. Yesterday  we heard that the only insurer left in Iowa is now likely to leave.  That means more than 70,000 people on the exchanges will have no  insurance to buy. Most of them will have subsidies from the government.  So it is like thousands of people in Iowa have bus tickets in a town  where no buses run.   That is what is happening right now because of the 2010 law that we  call the Affordable Care Act. I know this all too well because 34,000  people in Knoxville, TN, my home area, are going to have subsidies in  2018 but no insurance to buy with their subsidies unless Congress  acts. That is because of the 2010 law that we seek to change. In 2016,  last year, 7 percent of counties in the United States had just one  insurer offering plans on their Affordable Care Act exchanges. This  year, 2017, that number jumped to 32 percent. In one in three counties  in the United States, if you have a subsidy to buy insurance on the  ObamaCare exchange, you had only one insurance company offering you  insurance. Five entire States have only one insurer offering ACA plans  in their entire State this year: Alabama, Alaska, Oklahoma, South  Carolina, and Wyoming. That is because of the Affordable Care Act  passed in 2010.    Unfortunately, every day we are going to be hearing not just about  insurers leaving counties and States, but about the ones that remain  because they are going to be charging sky-high premiums.   Premiums went up by as much as 62 percent this year in Tennessee and  by 116 percent in Arizona. As the new rate increases are proposed to  the States over the next few weeks and months, our constituents are  going to be saying: What are you going to do about that? So there is an  urgency, but we want to get it right.   So, again, here are my goals for the Senate bill we will write in the  next few weeks:   No. 1, rescue--and ``rescue'' is not too strong a word--the millions  of Americans across this country who are going to have few or zero  insurance options in the year 2018 because of collapsing ObamaCare  exchanges, unless Congress acts.   No. 2, lower premium rates because, in many States, premiums are  going through the roof under the Affordable Care Act.   No. 3, gradually transfer to States more flexibility in managing  their Medicaid programs. About 18 percent of Americans get their  insurance on Medicaid. We will do so in a way that does not pull the  rug out from under those who are currently served by Medicaid.   Finally, preexisting conditions--make sure Americans who have  insurance for preexisting conditions continue to have access to it. If  you are on Medicaid or if you are on Medicare or, in almost every case,  if you get insurance on the job, you have insurance for preexisting  conditions. Under the Affordable Care Act in 2010, there had to be  insurance for people with preexisting conditions. We want to make sure  that those Americans continue to have access if they have a preexisting  condition.   We will move ahead with deliberate speed. We are doing that because  the exchanges are collapsing, people could be without insurance, and  premiums will go up if we don't act, but we want to get it right. There  will be no artificial deadlines. We will carefully consider the  legislation passed by the House. We will work together carefully to  write our own bill. We will make sure we know what our bill costs when  we vote on it. In fact, by law, we have to do that. We will get it  right, and then we will vote. And hopefully, Mr. President, the end  result will be significant improvements for most Americans, giving them  more choices of health insurance at a lower cost, and do that by  gradually transferring more decisions from Washington, DC, to the  states and to individuals.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Louisiana.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   