 Mr. President, once again, we have more bad news about  ObamaCare. Last week, Anthem announced it will pull out of Ohio's  health insurance exchange for 2018. That means that a minimum of 18  Ohio counties will be without an exchange insurer next year. Twenty- five Missouri counties are in the same boat, and more Americans are  likely to find themselves in the same situation.   On June 2, the Omaha World-Herald announced that 100,000 Nebraskans  could end up with zero options for individual coverage in 2018.  Insurers have been pulling out of the exchanges right and left.   In February, Humana announced its decision to completely pull out of  the exchanges for 2018. Three months later, Aetna, which had already  sharply reduced its exchange participation in 2017, also confirmed it  would pull out completely in 2018.   In 2016, 7 percent of U.S. counties had just one choice of insurer on  their healthcare exchange. In 2017, this year, roughly one-third of  U.S. counties have just one choice of insurer. Based upon the  information available so far, the New York Times is currently  estimating that about 45 percent of U.S. counties will have one or no  insurer next year.   One thing is for sure, Mr. President, Americans are facing fewer and  fewer health insurance choices, and the prices of those choices are  going up.   Proposed rates, proposed rate increases for 2018 are emerging, and  once again they are not looking good. Some of the average rate hikes  facing Americans around the country include 17.2 percent, 33.8 percent,  30 percent, 45 percent, 38 percent, 58.8 percent.    Three weeks ago, the Department of Health and Human Services released  a report comparing the average individual market insurance premium in  2013, which is the year that most of ObamaCare's regulations and  mandates were implemented, with the average individual market exchange  premium in 2017 in the 39 States that use healthcare.gov. What they  found is that between 2013 and 2017, the average individual market  monthly premium in the healthcare.gov States increased by 105 percent-- 105 percent.   In other words, on average, individual market premiums more than  doubled in just 5 years. That is from HHS in their report that just  came out in the last couple of weeks. Three States saw their premiums  triple over the same period--triple in just 5 years.   I don't know too many families who can afford to have their premiums  triple over 5 years. What we know is that the ObamaCare status quo is  unacceptable, and it is unsustainable.   More than one insurance CEO has suggested that ObamaCare is in a  death spiral, and it is pretty hard to disagree. Combine soaring  premiums with a steady insurer exodus, and sooner or later we get a  partial or complete exchange collapse, which is what we are facing  today, not to mention all the other ObamaCare problems, such as the  deductibles that are so high that sometimes people can't actually  afford to use their healthcare plans or narrow plan networks with few  provider choices. We have higher premiums, higher deductibles, higher  costs, fewer options, fewer choices.   Republicans are currently working on legislation to help Americans  struggling under ObamaCare. My colleagues in the House made a good  start, and in the Senate we are working to build on the bill they  passed.   We are committed to helping Americans trapped on the ObamaCare  exchanges. We are committed to addressing ObamaCare's skyrocketing  premium increases. We are committed to preserving access to care for  Americans with preexisting conditions, and we are committed to making  Medicaid more sustainable by giving States greater flexibility while  ensuring those who rely on this program don't have the rug pulled out  from under them. We need to make healthcare more affordable, more  personal, more flexible, and less bureaucratic.   My colleague from Oregon was just talking about the complaints they  have about the healthcare process, the discussions that are going on,  and how much pain, if this passes, it is going to cause the American  people. I can tell you one thing: Today, it is pretty darn painful for  families I have talked to in my State of South Dakota, hard-working  farm and ranch families who are having to pay $2,000 a month, $24,000 a  year for insurance coverage--in some cases with $5,000 deductibles,  assuming they can even afford to use that expensive policy by being  able to cover the deductible. There are people across this country who  are hurting because of this failed healthcare insurance program. It is  high time for us to fix it.   I believe the American people want to see Congress act in a way that  will make healthcare insurance more affordable to them, more personal,  so that they will have more choices, greater options, and more  competition that will help bring those premiums down to a more  reasonable level. They need to have more than one choice. When 45  percent of the counties in America have one choice or no options on the  exchanges, that is an unacceptable situation and one that we have to  fix.   