 Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank Chairwoman  Black for her leadership on this effort, as well as Chairman Walden of  the Energy and Commerce Committee for incredible work.   As chairman on behalf of the Ways and Means Committee who work  alongside you, I am honored to speak in support of the American Health  Care Act because it guarantees coverage for those with preexisting  illnesses.   It guarantees coverage for those with preexisting illnesses. In fact,  this bill takes decisive action to repeal all of the bad parts, all of  the damage done by ObamaCare, and begin a thoughtful step-by-step  process to deliver a patient-centered healthcare system, not a  Washington-centered healthcare system, to the American people.   While ObamaCare has helped some, far more have been hurt by this law.  And more ObamaCare failures are piling up every day. Just yesterday,  Aetna announced it will exit Virginia's individual health market next  year. And it is not just the State's ObamaCare exchanges they are  leaving behind. Aetna will not offer any plans next year in the  individual market in Virginia.   The same thing is happening in Iowa. And my friends on the Democratic  aisle have done nothing to stop this--  [[Page H4152]]  nothing. But today, because of this bill, thousands of people will have  hope for a new plan to provide the healthcare coverage they need.  Millions of Americans throughout the country are facing just terrible  options.   People of Texas have been hit particularly hard. Between last year  and this year, nine healthcare insurers have exited ObamaCare exchanges  in the Lone Star State. No other State saw more insurers leave. For my  family, the failures of this law have come to mean some incredibly  tough choices. They have had to accept, under ObamaCare, you can't  access affordable coverage that is tailored to what they need. They  have had to learn how to get by as their monthly health premiums just  skyrocket each and every year--bigger than their mortgage payments.  They have had to choose between paying out of pocket for the care they  need or not getting care at all.   Under ObamaCare, the ability to receive treatment from a doctor you  know and who knows you has become a luxury that too many can't afford.  Today, with the American Health Care Act, the Republicans propose we  have an opportunity to provide immediate relief from this failing law.  More than that, we can provide Americans with real choices in health  care, not the painful decision they are forced to live with under  ObamaCare.   Under the Ways and Means Committee area, this starts by repealing the  law's crushing taxes and mandates, and that is where Ways and Means  takes action. Under ObamaCare, the individual and employer mandate  penalties allow Washington to strong-arm you, to strong-arm Americans  into ObamaCare plans you do not want and cannot afford.    Not anymore. Under the Republican plan, we repeal the individual and  employer mandate tax penalties so Americans have the freedom to make  the healthcare choices that are right for them. Under ObamaCare, over  $1 trillion of taxes were imposed on the American people. Under the  Republican plan, those taxes are gone that burden American small  businesses and families.   Under our plan, we provide increased health savings accounts so  Americans can save easier for the out-of-pocket costs that hit them  under any health care; and then we create a personal individual tax  credit so Americans can buy plans that are right for them, not what is  right for government.   Healthcare premiums, they can choose a plan that can go with them  from job to job, State to State, home to start a business, or a family,  and even into those preretirement years.   Today is about taking on a collapsing ObamaCare and replacing for the  American people health care that they want, that they can use, and that  they can afford; driven not by what Washington wants, but driven by  what American families need in their health care.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of this bill.   