 Madam President, we are now debating the budget  resolution for fiscal year 2018. The main reason this budget resolution  is before us is to allow for floor consideration of tax reform. So I  want to talk a little bit about what I hope will be our guiding  principles on the way we would proceed on tax reform, because tax  reform is needed in this country.   Our Tax Code is overly complex. There are significant problems,  particularly as we harmonize with the international community. There  are things we need to do in our Tax Code to make it a fairer tax code,  to make it a simpler tax code, to raise the revenues we need to make  sure we don't have deficits.   There are things we need to do. I hope that we will have three  guiding principles, and I will talk about these three and how the  budget resolution that came out of committee would violate each of  these principles and why I cannot support it as it has been presented  by the committee.   First, we should have an open process on tax reform. The last time we  did comprehensive tax reform, in 1986, it took well over a year for us  to be able to complete the work. We had numerous committee hearings. We  had a lot of public input because, when you change the Tax Code, it has  lots of different effects, some of which are not apparent. There are a  lot of tradeoffs, and we need to do this in an open manner.   It is also important that we have a bipartisan product because we  want the Tax Code to remain intact so people can plan. We don't want to  see a Tax Code pass in one Congress only to be radically changed in the  next Congress. That only happens when you have a bipartisan agreement  where Democrats and Republicans are working together in order to bring  about a consensus change in our Tax Code. It doesn't work if it becomes  a partisan process.   The budget resolution that has been presented on the floor by the  Budget Committee fails on this first guiding principle. It is not a  process that will lead to a bipartisan result. It is one that is a  partisan process. Reconciliation, by definition, becomes a partisan  process when a budget resolution is passed along party-line votes.   Secondly, under reconciliation and the rules of the Senate, you  cannot enact permanent tax changes because it would create deficits  outside of the budget window. For that reason, if we want permanency in  our Tax Code, let's use regular order, where we bring the bills up in  our committees, we bring them to the floor, we offer amendments without  restriction, and, at the end of the day, we can pass permanent changes  to our Tax Code that are in the best interest of the taxpayers of this  country. Once again, on the first principle of an open, fair process,  the budget resolution presented by the committee fails.   The second principle, which I would argue that all of us should agree  upon, is that we don't want to finance the tax changes through debt,  that it would be wrong for us to do debt financing of tax relief  because that only adds to our national debt and deficit. It affects our  economic growth. It really presents, I think, a moral issue: Do we  really want our children and grandchildren to pay for what we spend  today? The budget resolution presented by the committee fails on this  second guiding principle.   By its own instructions, it allows for a $1.5 trillion increase in  the national debt by the tax changes that are presented. There is no  pretense here. It says that we will allow for a $1.5 trillion increase  in the deficit.   To make matters worse, there is a provision that was put in the  budget resolution that allows the budget chairman to bring the bill to  the floor without getting the Congressional Budget Office and Joint  Taxation Committee score. In other words, we will be allowed to vote on  a bill that may increase the deficit well beyond $1.5 trillion without  having the objective scoring by those who are responsible to let us  know what impact it has on the deficit. Instead, we will get a partisan  evaluation by the chairman of the committee rather than one that is  produced by the professionals who are charged with reviewing what we  do.   Now, to make matters even more problematic on the deficit, the  guiding principle we have here on what the committees are looking at is  what was  [[Page S6506]]  presented by the so-called Big 6; that is, the Republican fiscal  leadership of the Senate, the Republican fiscal leadership of the  House, along with the fiscal advisers to the President. They have come  in with an outline that doesn't add up to $1.5 trillion. It adds up to  a much greater deficit number than $1.5 trillion. So we are starting  with deficits well in excess of $1.5 trillion with a process where we  may be asked to vote without knowing the impact on the deficit, but we  do know it will add to the deficit. That fails the test that we all  felt that we shouldn't be taking action on the floor on tax reform to  increase the deficit.   The third guiding principle should be that we want to be fair. We  want to be fair to the taxpayers of this country. The truth is that  middle-income taxpayers are already overburdened. We know that. We know  that it is tough. It is tough to make ends meet. So we certainly don't  want to pass a tax bill that will increase the burdens to middle-income  taxpayers. I would think that we all would agree on that particular  point. When you look at the budget resolution that has been presented  by the committee, it fails on that test.   It eliminates the estate tax--hundreds of billions of dollars of  costs financed by middle-income taxpayers to the 0.2 percent of the  wealthiest individuals in this country. It fails in eliminating the  alternative minimum tax, which is a way that we, at least, capture a  minimum tax from very, very high-income taxpayers. That is eliminated  both on the individual side and on the corporate side. There are tax  cuts, breaks, and reduction of rates for the wealthiest taxpayers in  this country. How is that all offset? Well, some of it is not offset,  but to the extent that we know that it is offset, the budget resolution  would allow for cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. Let me repeat that. We  are going to cut Medicare by almost $500 billion in order to give tax  cuts to the wealthiest people in this country and we call that a fair  tax bill? We are going to cut the Medicaid Program by a trillion  dollars? We just went through that debate on the floor of the Senate on  the changes in the healthcare system where we had significant cuts to  the Medicaid system, and we saw the public reaction and rightly so  because, when you cut Medicaid, you are cutting the lifeline from many  families in this country--hard-working families who may have a child  who was born with a difficult medical condition but they know they at  least have the protection under our system. Those are the families who  are at risk. Why are we doing it? To give tax cuts to 0.2 percent of  Americans by eliminating the estate tax? The budget resolution that has  come out of the Budget Committee fails on the third test of fairness.  So whether it is failing on process or increasing the deficit or not  being fair to middle-income families, this budget resolution should be  rejected.   Now, I saw where, as to the Big 6--I referred to them before--we have  their outline. It is a broad outline. I acknowledge that. It is heavy  on promises on tax cuts, and it is very light on how they are going to  finance it. So some of us can start filling in the blanks as to who are  going to be targets for losing important provisions in our Tax Code,  but in a couple of cases, we don't have to guess because the outline  specifically calls for it. One is the loss of deduction on the State  and local taxes that we pay. To me, this is a direct attack on  federalism. It is the same taxpayer who pays State and local taxes who  pays Federal taxes, and now we are going to tell those taxpayers that  they are going to have to pay taxes on taxes. That makes absolutely no  sense. It is a direct attack on federalism. The work that our States  and local governments do to provide services to taxpayers in this  country should have the exact same respect as what we do at the Federal  level of government.   We can only surmise that this might not be the last attack on  federalism, that there could well be an attack on the way State and  local governments finance their capital programs because that has been  on lists before and there are big gaps as to how they are going to even  reach a $1.5 trillion deficit target. That would concern us because  State and local governments have already been hit by restrictions at  the national level as to how they can borrow money.   Another area that we don't really have to guess about is the impact  it is going to have on the real estate market. We know that the trigger  to the 2009 recession started in the housing markets. Yet in this  proposal that is likely to be done, if you eliminate State and local  taxes, you are eliminating the deductibility of the property taxes. If  you eliminate the deductibility of property taxes, you are affecting  the value of homes here in America. The largest, single asset for many  families could be very well jeopardized.   Then there is talk--the outline says we are going to take a look at  all of the standard deductions; it doesn't give a lot of protection out  there--of whether we will be looking at mortgage interest deductions  and compromising that. Will these deductions be as valuable as they are  under the current Tax Code? That is one of the reasons I said a process  is important because, if you reduce the value of a deduction, you  reduce its worth and you reduce the value of real estate.   I have been working for many years to improve retirement security. I  am very proud to have worked with Senator Portman on these issues. We  have done a lot of good things to make it easier for people to save for  their retirement. Yet we don't know exactly how the proposal under this  budget resolution will affect retirement security, but we do know that  there have been discussions about the ``Rothization'' of a 401(k). What  does that mean? It means that today if you contribute to a 401(k) plan,  you don't have to pay current taxes on your contributions. You pay the  taxes when you take your money out after retirement. If ``Rothization''  is mandated, it would mean that you would no longer have the ability to  defer taxes on the contributions you make, as you can today on a  401(k). If that is mandated, it will affect people's ability to save  for their retirement and very much affect retirement security in this  country. Here is the rub. It doesn't raise any revenue. It is just the  timing of revenue. By collecting the revenue today, we lose it  tomorrow. It actually builds in a larger deficit in the out years. It  is actually contrary to good budgeting from the point of view of  preserving us from going further into debt.   We don't know if that is going to come out of the committee, but it  certainly could come out of the committee in order to meet the  instructions that have been recommended by the Budget Committee.   I could use the same arguments about how we could jeopardize the new  market tax credits, which are very important for economic development;  the historic tax credits, on which I have worked with many Members here  and which affect economic growth; the work opportunity tax credit,  which affects hiring people who have challenges in the workforce; and  the low-income housing tax credit, which gives us affordable housing.  All of those tax credits could lose value or could be eliminated under  the outline we have before us.   So I hope we adopt some amendments. I hope we take a different  course, but there will be amendments, I hope, that will be offered to  eliminate the use of reconciliation for a tax plan so we can truly have  a bipartisan tax bill that can stand the test of time--that we demand  that we have the scoring before we vote on it so we know what we are  doing, that we will not deficit-finance tax changes, and that we don't  jeopardize the State and local tax deduction or the mortgage interest  deduction or the retirement security savings that we have today or the  various tax credits. I hope we will all clarify that together. I hope  that we can get some of that done during the amendment process.   Let me make this clear. There is a better way. There is a better way.  Let's give up use of this partisan process and start from the beginning  on a bipartisan process that recognizes that we need tax reform, we  need to do this, but let's do this in a bipartisan manner, let's know  what we are doing, let's be fair to middle-income taxpayers, and let's  do it in a way that will not increase the size of the deficit and will  stand the test of time and where we can give permanent reform to our  Tax Code. That is what we should be doing, and I regret that we are  heading down a path that will make that impossible.  [[Page S6507]]    I yield the floor.    Will my colleague yield for a question?    Do you believe an open process is starting at maybe 2  o'clock tomorrow morning when no one is listening and that having 1  minute of time to debate an amendment is an open process?   