 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I rise today to recognize National  Police Week and the service and sacrifice of our country's law  enforcement officers. As past Governor of the State of West Virginia, I  worked with West Virginia State Police very often and saw firsthand  their dedication to the rule of law and commitment to keeping West  Virginians safe.   Last year, the State of West Virginia lost one of our own, West  Virginia State Police first sergeant Joseph Portaro. Joseph was from  Clarksburg and joined the State police in 1998 and served in Kingwood.  In 2008, he was assigned staff officer at the academy and was then  promoted to deputy director of training. Joseph was a veteran of the  West Virginia Army National Guard and served in the West Virginia State  Police for 17 years.   Although the loss of Joseph will never heal, I know I join all West  Virginians and the entire law enforcement community in praying for  Joseph's family and friends.   National Police Week acknowledges the service and sacrifice of our  country's law enforcement officers and the safety and protection they  provide our communities. Madam President, I know you do too. I go to a  lot of schools and talk to the children. I want them to understand that  anytime they see a person in uniform, whether it be a policeman,  fireman, or EMT, these are people willing to get in front of harm's way  for their safety and sacrifice themselves for them. When you have a  police officer willing to take a bullet for you, that is a pretty  special person. They don't do it for the pay. I think we all know that.  They are dedicated and committed to the well-being and safety of every  American. We are very lucky to have them in our respective States of  Iowa and West Virginia.   This week, we must remember Joseph and the other 139 law enforcement  officers who lost their lives in the line of duty in 2016 and continue  to support their families as they continue to mourn their loss. We can  never bring back the person who basically sacrificed for all of us, but  we can make sure we never forget their families, and I hope we all do  that.   This is a special week and a special day for these people we  recognize. One hundred and thirty-nine people gave their lives for us.  The least we can do is make sure that not only do we remember them but  that we go beyond that in order to support the members of the family,  their children who need a father or mother they might not have now, who  need the nurturing and the financial support for their education so  they can continue to grow to be good, healthy, productive adults. I  hope we never forget.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   