 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona.   Mr. Speaker, we have been entreated to claims of collusion with our  government, people high in our government with Russia for over a year  now; since the last election happening this very day a year ago, we  have been entreated to this.   So I thought I would bring some sense to this confusion about what we  know as the Uranium One deal. Even I didn't know a whole lot about it,  so I did a little research to understand the timeline and what exactly  happened here. I want to talk to you about that this evening.   On June 8 of 2010, the Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation, also  known as Rosatom--the Russian state, not some private organization. It  belongs to Vladimir Putin. Make no mistake about it--announced plans to  purchase a 51.4 percent stake in the Canadian company Uranium One.   Now, why do we care? Well, we care because this announcement had  significant strategic implications for the United States since Uranium  One's international assets included 20 percent of the United States'  uranium reserves.   Now, due to uranium status as a strategic commodity, the $1.3 billion  deal was subject to the approval of the Committee on Foreign Investment  in the United States, known as CFIUS; CFIUS, the Committee on Foreign  Investment in the United States. And they care because uranium is  important. Do you know why? We make nuclear bombs out of it--that is  why it is important--and so do other countries. And maybe so do  terrorists if they get their hands on it. So we care.   Now, the CFIUS panel is made up of nine department heads and  agencies, including, at that time, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.  Okay, fair enough. Now, CFIUS went through the approval process at what  we would consider an unusually rapid pace, approving the sale of one- fifth of our uranium reserves, the United States' reserves, to a  Russian, Vladimir Putin, state-owned enterprise in less than 5 months.  Five months. I mean, they did that in 5 months. We have been  investigating allegations of President Trump and Russia for about 12  months now. In earnest, less than 12 months, but, certainly, the claims  have been made since the night of the election, yet they got this done  in 5 months. Okay, that is good.   CFIUS proceeded at this pace despite national security concerns  raised by Congress--people right here said: Hey, 20 percent of our  uranium shouldn't go to Vladimir Putin. That doesn't make sense to us.   The FBI had extensive concerns, tying Rosatom's main executive to a  U.S. racketeering scheme. My colleague has already talked about  bribery, extortion, racketeering. Right. Both Secretary of State  Clinton and Attorney General Eric Holder--whose FBI, by the way,  produced the evidence--voted in favor of the deal. Interestingly  enough, who was in charge of the FBI at the time? Our friend, Robert  Mueller. It just is a little too coincidental for me. I am sorry, it is  just a little too coincidental.   After the sale, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the United States  Nuclear Regulatory Commission, assured both Congress and the public  that the uranium sold could not be exported because neither Uranium One  nor Rosatom, Vladimir Putin's organization, had an NRC export license.  So even though we had control of 20 percent, he could never do anything  with the 20 percent except leave it in the United States.   And, by the way, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission still hasn't  granted a license to export any of that material to Rosatom or to  Uranium One to this day.   But despite the public statements, somehow it got exported because an  NRC memo showed the agency approved the shipment of yellowcake uranium  from the Uranium One mines in the United States to Canada through a  third party. Additional shipments of the uranium were made to Europe,  and they were authorized as well by the NRC. And where they went from  Europe, who knows. The NRC doesn't know. At least if they know, they  aren't telling us. We have asked. We certainly don't know. Maybe  Rosatom knows.   The question you should have is: Why? Why would the United States do  this? What was in our interest to sell 20 percent of our uranium? Was  it that we needed $1.3 billion? I suspect not.   In an attempt to avoid congressional scrutiny, the NRC did not  provide a direct export license to Uranium One, but, instead, it  amended an existing license for a logistics company to allow it to  export Uranium One's uranium, which was, in effect, the United States'  uranium, our uranium.   The NRC was able to amend this export license because of two policy  changes resulting from the Russian reset orchestrated by Secretary  Clinton. Again, look, it might be innocent. It might be completely  innocent, but it deserves more scrutiny, certainly.   The two things--the two policy changes were: the Obama administration  reinstated the U.S.-Russian civilian nuclear energy cooperation  agreement in May of 2010. Shortly thereafter, in 2011, the Commerce  Department removed Rosatom from a list of restricted companies that  could not export nuclear or other sensitive materials or technologies.  They still didn't have a license, but they were removed from the list.   Nine months after the Commerce Department did that, the removal of  Rosatom from the list, the NRC issued the license amendment to the  third party allowing for uranium of the United States to be exported  from Uranium One mines through Canada, and eventually on to Europe, and  who knows where from there. The license amendment stipulated that the  exported uranium must be returned to the U.S. Now, this did not occur.  Instead, the Department of Energy approved the movement of uranium from  Canada to Europe, and that was it. It is gone, folks. It is just gone.   It is now clear that the previous administration took every  conceivable action to clear the path for Rosatom to purchase Uranium  One and to enable the export of that uranium. The Russians got it.  Vladimir Putin got the uranium.   In taking these extraordinary measures in support of Russian state- owned enterprise, the Obama administration, with the aid of former  Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former Attorney General Eric  Holder, put our national security at risk.   Mr. Speaker, it is far past time to thoroughly--marginally, how about  to marginally investigate this deal--the Obama administration's actions  and the Clinton family's role and their foundation's role. You only  need to ask  [[Page H8588]]  one question about all this: Why? Why would we do this? Why would the  United States agree to this? Why did this deal happen the way it did  happen? No other deals happened that way. Why did this one happen this  way? Why is there no independent investigation into these matters at  this point? Why? And why is there no special counsel?   We are here tonight to call for a special counsel so that we know the  truth, so if there is Russian involvement in the United States'  national security, whether it is our election, or whether it is our  uranium that they could use to make an atomic bomb, the American people  need to know. They should know. They should have all of the evidence.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   