 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I thank the chairman and the ranking member, Eddie Bernice Johnson,  for bringing this bill to the floor today. It has been a long time in  coming.   I rise in support of H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and  Innovation Act. This bill would authorize important research and  development at the Department of Energy to push the frontiers of  science and find new ways to innovate and power our economy.  [[Page H655]]    This bill would authorize comprehensive policy guidance for the DOE's  Office of Science for the first time in its history. The Office of  Science manages a portfolio, including research in supercomputing,  materials science, nuclear physics, advanced biofuels, fusion energy,  climate modeling, high energy physics, and a number of other areas  across the spectrum of fundamental and applied research.   Additionally, the Office of Science is home to world-class user  facilities used by private industry to collaborate with our national  laboratories and provide our scientists with access to tools and  resources to test the most pressing research questions in a variety of  fields. The neutron sources, particle accelerators, and light sources,  among many other Office of Science user facilities, are home to some of  the most important scientific work conducted in America and represent  some of the best partnerships our labs have with private industry.  These activities and capabilities have never been given the proper  statutory authority by this Congress, so this bill represents a  landmark bipartisan effort.   H.R. 589 also includes the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities  Act, which I cosponsored again this year. By providing the tools and  resources to nuclear scientists and engineers, this bill lays the  groundwork for a future where reliable, clean nuclear energy is a major  source of our electricity generation. This research could lead to  advanced and safer nuclear reactors with the potential to use less  nuclear fuel and produce far less waste.   H.R. 589 is not only bipartisan, but, as the chairman said, it  represents a bicameral agreement that was reached last year during  conference negotiations with the Senate on the comprehensive energy  package. Given the urgent challenge of climate change and the growing  competition around the world in many of these key research areas, we  must keep working together with the Senate to get this bill signed into  law this year.   I thank Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Johnson for working  together to get this bipartisan legislation before us today, and I urge  all of my colleagues to support this bill.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I thank Mr. Knight and especially my cosponsor, Mr. Hultgren, for the  work that they have done on this bill generally, but particularly on  title I of the bill, the Laboratory Modernization and Technology  Transfer Act.   As Mr. Knight said, on this committee, we find places where there is  common ground and where there is an ability to advance the interests of  the United States of America. Sometimes we argue, sometimes we debate,  sometimes we don't agree, but often we do. I appreciate their work as  well as the chairman's work on a number of subjects that face us. I was  proud to work with my friend Mr. Hultgren of Illinois to introduce this  bill, the Modernization and Technology Transfer Act, in the last  Congress.   Title I provides important tools to accelerate the commercialization  of new technologies that are developed at our national labs. It extends  the Agreement for Commercializing Technology pilot program while  expanding the range of companies that are eligible to participate. We  also allow labs to use their technology transfer funds as an incubator  investment for projects that are developed in-house which demonstrate  potential commercial opportunities.   Additionally, the bill encourages the further collaboration between  university researchers and our national labs by creating a pilot  program to reduce the financial burdens on our universities. I hope  this pilot program unleashes the talent at our universities, like the  Colorado School of Mines, the University of Colorado, and Colorado  State University, to discover the next successful technology.   Madam Speaker, one may remember I represent Golden, Colorado, and the  National Renewable Energy Laboratory. NREL is the premier energy  efficiency and renewable energy lab in the world, and title I of this  bill provides labs like NREL more tools to bring life-changing  innovations to consumers by partnering with private industry.   When revolutionary research is harnessed by our entrepreneurs and  business leaders, startups with one or two employees can grow into  companies that can create hundreds of quality jobs. I am proud to  support this legislation, and I am proud to have worked with Mr.  Hultgren in giving scientists and researchers in both the public and  private sectors the tools and the freedom they need to unlock a new  wave of innovation.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, so I am going  to reserve the balance of my time.   Mr. SMITH OF Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Weber), who is the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee  of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this  bill. It is the product of a lot of hard work over the last 3 years. It  helps our laboratories and our private industry stay at the forefront  of science. I thank Chairman Smith of Texas for bringing this bill to  the floor.   I urge passage of this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.   