 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Senators and the White House are  continuing discussions on the path forward for bringing relief from  ObamaCare and its collapsing markets. We have made good progress, and  we will keep working. As we do, our focus will remain on the major  ObamaCare problems that continue to hurt Americans all across our  country.   Under ObamaCare, premiums have skyrocketed. Over the past several  years, ObamaCare has caused premiums to climb by an average of 105  percent in the vast majority of States on the Federal exchange, and it  has caused them to triple in some States.   Next year, ObamaCare is expected to raise premiums again, as high as  30 percent or greater in States like Connecticut and Virginia, by as  much as 40 percent or greater in Maine and Iowa, and by as much as an  astonishing 80 percent in New Mexico. Obviously, Americans deserve a  lot better than that.   Under ObamaCare, choices have diminished, even disappeared, in States  all across our country. ObamaCare has left 70 percent of counties with  little or no insurance options on the exchanges this year. Even worse,  next year, dozens more counties could have zero choice at all-- potentially leaving thousands trapped, forced by law to purchase  ObamaCare insurance but left without the means to do so. For instance,  as we learned just yesterday, as many as 14 of Nevada's 17 counties  could now be left without any insurance options under ObamaCare at all  in 2018. Americans deserve a lot better than that.   Under ObamaCare, mandates have forced families into plans they don't  want or can't afford, preferred doctors have become less accessible to  many  [[Page S3838]]  patients, and plans have grown less desirable but more extensive.  Americans deserve better than that. That is why we are continuing to  work hard. Fixing ObamaCare's failures and protecting families from its  consequences is not an easy task.   It is disappointing that our Democratic colleagues made clear early  on that they were not interested in joining our efforts in a serious,  comprehensive manner, especially given how many of their constituents  have been hurt by the law they themselves voted for and continue-- continue--to defend. The Republican conference continues to work  through solutions to help those who have been hurt by this failing  system because, as we can all agree, ObamaCare's status quo is simply  unsustainable and unacceptable. We have to act, and we are.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to proceed to  legislative session.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, it be in order to move to  proceed to executive session to consider the nomination of Executive  Calendar No. 104, William Hagerty to be Ambassador to Japan.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider the nomination of Executive Calendar No. 104, William  Hagerty to be Ambassador to Japan.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for  pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the  following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session,  the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, July 3, at  6 p.m., Thursday, July 6, at 9 a.m. I further ask that when the Senate  adjourns on Thursday, July 6, it next convene at 3 p.m., Monday, July  10; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed  expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for  the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning  business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate  proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Rao  nomination; finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII,  the postcloture time on the Rao nomination expire at 5:30 p.m., Monday,  July 10.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   