 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend,  Congressman LaHood, and all my good friends from the Illinois  delegation who are here today.   This is really a privilege for me to be able to be here to talk about  Illinois' 200th anniversary. It is my home State. It wasn't always my  home State. As a matter of fact, my family moved us from our hometown  of Des Moines, Iowa, to Taylorville, Illinois, when I was 7 years old,  in 1977.   Taylorville was a new experience for me, but it was a home that we  established. My parents were able to achieve their dream of owning  their own business, which gave my family the chance to achieve the  American Dream, and it was right here in Illinois. It was in our home  State that celebrates our 200th anniversary.   Taylorville is the place where my wife grew up, and it is where we  choose to raise our three children. But it is also my proud hometown,  and I love to talk about it because it is where I grew up, but it is  also where so many things have happened. Because I have taken this job  as a Member of Congress, this opportunity, I have learned a lot more  about my hometown.   A couple of highlights that I want to bring out: one, of course, was  Taylorville's basketball team from the 1940s still holds the IHSA  record. I believe they were 45-0, with big-name players like Johnny Orr  and Ron Bontemps.   Edward Mills Purcell was born in Taylorville and raised in  Taylorville. He actually was the Nobel Peace Prize winner in physics.  He actually created nuclear magnetic resonance, which is the backbone  of what we know today as an MRI. It came out of my hometown in  Taylorville, Illinois.   I am so honored that, since 2013, I have been blessed to be able to  walk this floor and serve the 13th Congressional District with these  great colleagues from our home State. The 13th Congressional District  goes way beyond my hometown of Taylorville. It stretches in 14  counties, and one area that I know that has been talked about tonight  is Springfield, the State capital, Lincoln's hometown.   I have got to give it to my colleague, Mr. LaHood. Yes, he represents  more geography that Lincoln represented in his one term here in  Congress, and Mrs. Bustos represents part of Lincoln's old district. I  understand that. But as somebody who represents Lincoln himself in  Lincoln's tomb, I think I represent Lincoln the most.  [[Page H10173]]    What this tells you, this friendly rivalry that we three have, it  goes to show you that, in one term in Congress and then his time as the  President of our great Nation, Abraham Lincoln took three Members of  Congress to follow in his footsteps in his one district. There is no  way any of us in this institution can follow in the footsteps of  Abraham Lincoln, but it is such a privilege to know that we three share  such history. And that is exactly why we are here today, to talk about  the 200th anniversary of our home State, and we would not be talking  about Illinois without Abraham Lincoln.   There is a story and a statue in my hometown that has Lincoln and a  pig. The old stories are that Lincoln came to practice when he was a  lawyer and complained about the pig squealing under the steps of our  local courthouse. So we in Taylorville honor Abe and his comments on  the pig. Come visit, see the statue, and come celebrate Abraham  Lincoln.   Abraham Lincoln was a leader that, obviously, our Nation needed at  that time. We stand here in the House of Representatives and we debate  issues that may seem important today, but, compared to what our great  President Abraham Lincoln and the Members of Congress at the time  leading up to our Civil War, the issues that they had to discuss and  they had to debate, I believe history has shown us that we will never-- and, hopefully, never ever--experience what those elected officials did  in Lincoln's time.   But it took the courage of Abraham Lincoln to actually keep our  Nation together and keep the stability and the growth of the great  State of Illinois as part of this United States of America for 200  years. His leadership and ability to unite people is something I strive  to do in Congress every day.   We certainly have a diverse State, and I want to highlight some of  the things that Abraham Lincoln is probably not known for.   Abe Lincoln actually was the inspiration for landmark legislation  that he signed that created the Morrill Land-Grant Acts that gave us  land-grant universities, including the greatest land-grant university  that I joke with my colleagues about from throughout this great Nation.  The greatest land-grant is the University of Illinois at Urbana- Champaign, which I am proud to have in my district.   As we move on to talk about important issues, I cannot leave this  floor tonight without talking about the importance of agriculture in  our home State of Illinois. This past August, U.S. Secretary of  Agriculture Sonny Perdue; chairman of the House Agriculture Committee,  Mike Conaway; and so many Members, including Congressman LaHood,  Congresswoman Bustos, and others, joined me and other members of the  House Agriculture Committee for a farm bill listening session at the  largest outdoor farm event in the country, the Farm Progress Show in  Decatur, Illinois. Just the fact that this show is in Illinois every  other year truly highlights the importance of Illinois agriculture to  the rest of the world.   I am proud to be able to serve on the House Agriculture Committee and  serve as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Biotechnology,  Horticulture, and Research. And when we talk about agriculture and our  ability to feed the world, it stems right from our home State of  Illinois.   With 72,000 farms and over 2,600 food manufacturers, Illinois is a  national leader. We are the leading producer of soybeans, corn, swine,  and one of the largest producers of ethanol. As we move ahead into the  next farm bill debate, I am proud to be able to take Illinois' voice to  the House Agriculture Committee with my colleague Congressman Bost and  my other colleague Congresswoman Bustos.   I am proud to represent central Illinois and the 13th District here  in Washington, and I hope that those who follow us for the next 200  years enjoy legislating in a bipartisan way as much as we do together  in the Illinois delegation.   