 Mr. President, I think all of us felt a familiar knot in  our stomach early this morning when we received news of what might be  the deadliest mass shooting in American history. The numbers are hard  to comprehend. They certainly aren't final. Fifty-eight people are  dead, and perhaps over 500 have been wounded, either by the gunshots  themselves or by the pandemonium that ensued once the thousands of  concertgoers in downtown Las Vegas figured out they were being fired  upon from above.   There is nothing wrong with sending every thought and prayer and  every bit of your heart to Las Vegas, to all of the family members who  lost loved ones, to those who are recovering, to the first responders,  and to the community at large. It really does help. I lived through one  of these as a witness in Sandy Hook. Many of those parents are still my  friends. We are about the same age, and our kids are the same age.  While there are absolutely no words and no gestures that can ever salve  the wounds that come with losing a child--especially a first grader--it  did not hurt to know that the rest of the world was thinking every  single minute about that community. There was an overwhelming amount of  stuff that showed up in Sandy Hook--the teddy bears that piled up in  the days and weeks that followed. It was a reminder to that town that  they weren't forgotten. It helps. It does. But it is not enough.   I want to just spend a few moments--I know I was preceded by a few of  my colleagues--to talk about the work that we have to do here if we are  to address what I would consider to be a festering, lingering paradox  that exists in this country. What I mean by that is this. This is a  country that leads. Almost every great magical invention in this world  today--whether it be open economies, participatory democracies,  communication through the internet--is essentially a modern American  invention.   The reason that we were able to catapult the rest of the world in  just a quarter millennium to a point of global preeminence is because  we saw big problems and we solved them before anybody else did. Then we  took those solutions and we exported them to the rest of the world.  That is a definitional characteristic of this country--working harder  than anybody else to solve big problems and then giving that solution  to others so they can use it for themselves. The paradox lies here. We  solved a lot of big problems: How to govern ourselves, how to order our  economies, how to talk to each other, and how to save people from  disease. Yet maybe the longest standing human concern is a very simple  one--concern for our physical safety.  [[Page S6252]]    I can chart you a history of civilization based upon society's  ability to protect more consistently our physical body. That is, in  fact, one of the original reasons why humans found each other--to try  to protect ourselves from physical harm that comes from the outside.  The paradox lies in the fact that, when it comes to this country's  ability to protect its citizens from physical harm, we are not a  leader. We are a laggard. We are an outlier when compared to other  industrialized first-world nations. You are much more likely to meet a  violent death, especially by the hands of a firearm, in this country  than you are in other first-world countries.   It is time for us to explore why this paradox exists. Why are we such  a leader and why have we been such a leader over the course of 240  years on so many different concerns, and yet we are a laggard when it  comes to protecting ourselves and our fellow citizens from physical  violence? The scope of this problem is enormous. When you look at OECD  countries, there are just a handful that have a higher rate of  violence--and, in particular, gun violence--than the United States.   I have been down on this floor as have Senator Durbin and others to  talk about the numbers, over and over. But every day approximately 80  people lose their lives by gunfire, and two-thirds of those are  suicide. But still, about 30 people every day are killed with a gun  that is used by someone else. There is really no other country in the  industrialized world that meets that rate of gun violence.   The mass shootings, which get the most attention, are truly epidemic.  We have become normalized and regularized to 50 or 40 or 30 people  losing their lives, but this happens nowhere else other than the United  States at this rate. This is a uniquely American problem, and, by the  way, it is not just the Las Vegases, the Orlandos, and the Sandy Hooks.  We have actually had more mass shootings this year than days in the  year, if you categorize a mass shooting as four or more people being  shot in any one given time. Let me guarantee you, if four or more  people were shot in your town or your neighborhood, that would be a  cataclysmic event, and yet it happens on average more than once a day  in this country. Because we have become so regularized to it, only with  the moments like last night, where the scale is truly epic, do we focus  on it as a Nation.   I want my colleagues to understand the pain that comes when the  victims of this kind of epidemic violence see nothing but silence from  this body. The hurt is deep. The scars are wide in Newtown, but they  are made wider by the fact that this body, in 4\1/2\ years, has done  absolutely nothing to reduce the likelihood of another mass shooting.  Indeed, because we have done nothing, the mass shootings continue.   I know these are harsh words, but I believe it in my heart. I think  this is an unintentional endorsement that gets sent to these mass  murderers when, slaughter after slaughter, Congress does nothing. If  the greatest deliberative body in the world doesn't act in unison to  condemn them through policy change, it starts to feel and look like  complicity. So there is going to be another wave of unimaginable pain  that will sweep across Las Vegas and the country as we learn about who  these victims were and, perhaps, as the numbers mount. They will, over  time, be just as angry and just as furious at this body as those  parents in Sandy Hook are today that we do nothing to try to reduce the  likelihood of these shootings. Compassion is important, but it is not  enough.   I read a little passage of the Bible to my 5-year-old son every  night. I am the furthest thing from a theologian, but I know that  sprinkled throughout the Bible are references to the fact that prayer  has to be matched with action--with works. James says: ``Show me your  faith apart from your works, and I will show you my faith by my  works.'' Thoughts and prayers need to be matched by action, and that is  our job. Our job, frankly, is not just to send good thoughts. The  reason why we exist is to act, to change the laws of the Nation, and to  address challenges that our constituents face. Since the beginning of  time, the most important challenge our constituents have faced--the  human race has faced--is that of physical security.   So before I turn this over to my colleagues, let me just run down  very quickly through the arguments that are going to be used over the  next few days to continue to do nothing. The first is already in  operation today, and it is a critique I hear very often. It is often  lodged at me personally. It is this: To talk about policy change in the  wake of a mass shooting is to politicalize it, to cheapen it. I reject  that argument in full force because the reality is that every single  day there is a mass shooting. Every single day 80 people die from gun  violence. Unfortunately, the news media doesn't pay attention to that  regular carnage.   If we aren't talking about policy change the day after a mass  shooting in this country, then you are never talking about policy  change, because a mass shooting happens, on average, every day.  Unfortunately, the ones in which 8 people are shot or 12 people are  shot do not get national attention.   Second, whether we like it or not, the world's attention--the  country's attention--is positioned on this question of how we protect  our country from harm in the immediate aftermath of these mass  shootings. It is an enormous gift to the gun lobby, to the forces of  status quo, if we cannot talk about how to change our laws to make  people safer when everyone's mind is on that question. When a murder  occurs, there is not a 48-hour waiting period before the police can try  to investigate who did it and how to hold them accountable. So why  can't we get immediately to the question of why these shootings are  happening and try to solve it?   Also, others today are saying that legislation is a pointless  exercise because you can't regulate away evil. There is truth to that.  There are evil people in the world who are regularly doing very bad  things, and there is no way that a set of laws can stop people from  doing harm. But I would argue in some way, shape, or form, that the  very nature of government is an attempt to try to regulate the effect  of evil on citizens. Our laws against murder, arson, rape, and assault  are attempts to try to make sure that people are protected from evil,  from bad people. So why can't we have a conversation about how to make  sure that people who are contemplating mass violence, at the very  least, do the least violence possible?   It is not coincidental that these epidemic mass shootings, in which  50 or 60 or 40 people have died, largely have happened after the  expiration of the assault weapons ban. Now that it is much easier to  get your hands on a gun that is much more accurate and much more  lethal, the likelihood of large numbers of people dying, as happened  last night, is much greater.   An AR-15 style weapon does something different to a human body than a  pistol does. That is why 20 kids were shot in Sandy Hook, and not a  single one of them survived.   Laws do work. Just look at a State like Connecticut, which requires  universal background checks, doesn't allow you to buy assault weapons,  and requires you to get a permit before you can carry it. When we  passed that set of laws, it resulted in a 40-percent reduction in gun  violence, even when you attribute or account for other factors that  could have caused that reduction. That is a Johns Hopkins study.   In places that have universal background checks, gun homicides are  lower; domestic violence homicides are much lower by a degree of 40  percent. Laws work. The data is irrefutable on this point.   Though you can't regulate away evil in total, you can do more to  protect people, especially from this mass-scope gun violence.   Third, people will say: Well, this guy clearly was very mentally ill.  With gun laws, you can't do anything about the fact that people are  mentally ill. That is true. We should fix our broken system of mental  health treatment because it is broken, but we should also recognize  that this problem of mass execution is a uniquely American problem,  despite the fact that there is no evidence that we have a higher rate  of mental illness than any other country.   There are plenty of very mentally ill people in other OECD countries.  But in those countries, their mental illness is not a straight line to  a gun crime, in large part because they have a very different set of  laws that make it harder  [[Page S6253]]  to get your hands on a gun and much harder, if not impossible, to get  your hands on a weapon that does the kind of mass violence we saw last  night.   Lastly, one of the favorite arguments is that this is just too hot an  issue for the U.S. Senate or a political body to handle, that it is  controversial. It is controversial, but it is not as controversial as  people may think.   In fact, the issue of background checks--which I understand may not  have been dispositive on what happened in Las Vegas last night but  might have reduced the likelihood that another 80 people died from gun  violence over the course of Sunday--is supported by 80 percent of  Americans.   Most polls will suggest that a majority of Americans support the  other sweep in law changes that I talked about as well.   In fact, many of the first steps we would take as a body--saying that  people on the terrorist watch list can't buy guns, tightening up the  law to make sure people who are mentally ill can't buy guns--are  supported by 80 to 90 percent of our constituents, no matter whether  they live in a blue State or a red State. The question of making sure  that only the right people own guns is actually one of the least  controversial issues in the American public today. Why don't we start  by finding that common ground? Then maybe after that, we can find other  common ground.   This is going to keep happening. This is going to keep happening over  and over again. I know the answer can't be that we are powerless, as a  body, to do something about it. I personally just can't bring that  answer back to the families of Sandy Hook for another year.   I don't want to speak for them, but I have a feeling that the  delegation from Nevada is going to have a hard time bringing that  answer back to the victims in Las Vegas as well.   This is a growing fraternity--a tragic, awful fraternity--of Members  of Congress who represent States and have gone through these horrific  mass executions. I had too many phone calls from Senators,  Representatives, who were already part of that club when Sandy Hook  happened. I got to make that call this morning, as well, to offer  whatever advice I could on how to help the community heal.   But this silence has become an unintentional endorsement. It has  become a kind of sick complicity, and I hope that in the coming days we  can come together--Republicans and Democrats--to start talking about,  at the very least, some baby steps to show the people of Las Vegas, to  show the people of Orlando, to show my constituents, my friends from  Sandy Hook, that silence is no longer an option.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Illinois.   