 Mr. President, the other body spent yesterday and well  into the night to vote out bills that would repeal and reform  ObamaCare. I do not know exactly what is going to  [[Page S1712]]  happen in the other body on that issue, but I would like to add some  thoughts on the issue of repeal and replace.   ObamaCare has been a case of overpromise and underdelivery. People  were told that their premiums would go down by $2,500. They have  actually gone up by an average of $3,500. They were also promised that  if they liked their doctors, they would be able to keep their doctors.  Millions of people have had to change doctors. Then they were told that  they could keep their healthcare plans, and millions of people have had  to change their healthcare plans. In fact, ObamaCare has been a case of  overpromise and underdelivery. The reality is much different.   ObamaCare is hurting more people than it is helping. I have heard  from many Iowans about the tremendous premium increases and, most  importantly, all about high deductibles and high copays that make  ObamaCare not worth its consideration.   One farmer said his health insurance premium went from $20,000 to  $30,000 in one year. Another family said their ObamaCare premium  increased 144 percent over 3 years. The 2017 premium for three people  was over $24,000, and families who did manage to purchase ObamaCare  insurance found that they could no longer afford to use it because of  sky-high deductibles and copays. Another Iowan said that his policy for  his family of three increased from $15,000 a year to $23,000 in 1 year,  with, more importantly, the policy's value being less because the  deductible for that plan is nearly $6,000.   It is quite obvious, as you think of these situations, that very few  people can afford some of the prices or afford the deductibles that we  hear about. So I think it is a very clear summation to say that  ObamaCare is not working.   According to Avalere, one-third of the country will have only one  insurance carrier that offers ObamaCare plans next year. Since that  analysis by Avalere, another insurance company has pulled out of  ObamaCare and has left some parts of the country without any insurance  companies whatsoever for the folks to choose from. So many insurance  companies have dropped out of ObamaCare that there are places in the  country where people have a subsidy, but no insurance plans to buy.  That is like having a bus ticket and there is no bus to take you  anywhere.    Even those who were strong supporters of the healthcare law, like, as  an example, the Democratic Governor of Minnesota, have said--or he  said--the ACA ``is no longer affordable to many Americans.''   The problem with ObamaCare is it did nothing to address the  underlying causes of the high cost of healthcare; that is, what it  costs for a hospital or doctor to purchase and maintain medical  equipment, to purchase medicines, to carry malpractice insurance, and  things like that. Rather than address the actual cost of care,  President Obama chose to bypass real healthcare reform for an  unsustainable entitlement and, of course, bureaucratic mandates, which  have priced people out of the healthcare insurance market, rather than  provide them with affordable and quality coverage.   It is time, then, as the House was working throughout the night, to  deliver more accessible, more affordable healthcare to even more  Americans. ObamaCare has failed on both of these points, with, I  believe, 29 million people still not having health insurance.   It is time to reduce the role of the Federal Government in the  healthcare system because I think that expanded role is one of the very  basic problems we have with ObamaCare. It is time to spend less and get  better quality care.   I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work across  the aisle in a bipartisan way. They know the Affordable Care Act is not  serving the purposes that it was intended to serve and is falling apart  and, in a short period of time, it may collapse. I think the other side  is trying to distract attention from the Affordable Care Act collapse,  and they are doing it by using the usual scare tactics. It used to be  those scare tactics were applied just to Medicare improvements, but now  they are applied across the board of healthcare delivery in America.   It is time for the other party to step up instead of doubling down  because it was their plan passed in March of 2010 that put us in this  spiral we are in. It is time for statesmanship, not gamesmanship. It is  time for the people who are responsible for ObamaCare to stop defending  the un-Affordable Care Act and deliver Americans what was promised.   I look forward to working with all of my colleagues and, of course,  our new President to deliver affordable healthcare to more Americans.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Alexander control  10 minutes of the remaining debate time on H.J. Res. 57.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   