 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Wisconsin for  organizing this. He is a wonderful freshman Member of the class.   I rise today in support of congressional term limits.   In 1846, when then-Congressman Abraham Lincoln was elected to the  U.S. House of Representatives, he was part of a freshman class that  made up one half of the 35th Congress. In other words, half of the  Congress were new Members when he got elected. Today, in the 115th  Congress, our freshmen class of 55 Members make up less than 20 percent  of this body. But here is a more stark number.   In the last election, 97 percent of House incumbents won reelection-- 97 percent. Only 3 percent of the challengers defeated an incumbent. I  was fortunate to be one of the exceptions to these overwhelming odds.   Since Abraham Lincoln, our country has grown, this institution has  grown, and so has the length of time Members stay here. As a person who  is new to Congress and is new to politics, I can tell you the reason  why congressional favorability ratings are now at 8 percent. Our  constituents feel that we have lost touch. The longer we stay here in  Congress and don't cycle back to our home districts, the more out of  touch we are perceived.   To restore America's trust in Congress, we must institute term  limits. Our Forefathers intended the House of Representatives to be an  arm of government closest to the people, and to be the purest  embodiment of a representative democracy. Members of the people's House  were to come from different walks of life and careers to better shape  the direction of our great country. Members of Congress were to feel  obligated to serve by a sense of civic duty rather than a desire to  pursue a career in public office. We have lost sight of this intent.   The American people deserve new ideas from new faces here in  Washington. This is the principal reason why I am here today with this  great honor bestowed on me from the people of Nebraska's Second  District. Congressional term limits would ensure that we send more  successful farmers, successful teachers, business leaders, doctors,  nurses, and veterans to Washington so that we can address problems with  a firsthand perspective. We need more people in Congress who were  successful prior to becoming a politician. We need to restore this  House as the people's House.   