 Mr. President, I am grateful to be joining with a lot of  my colleagues today to talk about the urgency and the importance of  what has happened in the aftermath of horrific hurricanes--Hurricane  Harvey more than 2 months ago and Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria  over a month ago. They have wreaked havoc on millions of lives. They  have destroyed billions of dollars of property. They have created pain,  suffering, and loss--loss of life everywhere from Texas, to Florida, to  Puerto Rico, to the U.S. Virgin Islands.   Right now, too many of our citizens are still living in not just  unacceptable conditions for an American, but they are really living on  the brink of homelessness--food and water insecurity, scarcity, and  facing the ravages of poverty, where you have lost everything and you  are in a dependent state, dependent upon relief aid, dependent upon  your neighbors.   Thousands of families have lost everything, and I believe they have  yet to receive the kind of support they deserve from their government.  Governments were formed in this country. This Nation was founded on  this ideal of common defense. It is literally written into our founding  documents, this idea that we are coming together for the protection and  the strength of our communities. Right now, we are not doing enough,  and that is not the American way.   I have seen it. During the storm that hit New Jersey, Superstorm  Sandy, I still remember seeing us at our best, seeing neighbors open  their homes, reaching out to one another. They were Americans standing  up for Americans and not worrying about what their political parties  were, not worrying about the risk there might be to themselves.   In fact, I still remember, as the storm was still raging, driving  around my city in an SUV, checking in. I was coming up a hill, and I  got a call from the President of the United States checking in on  Newark. As the hurricane was beginning to leave, as the superstorm was  beginning to leave, I got a call right after that from Governor Chris  Christie expressing the same empathy, the same concern, checking in to  see how I was doing.   I remember coming up on a hill, and just as I was finishing the last  of those two conversations--talking to the most powerful person on the  planet, the President, and the most powerful person in our State, the  Governor; two different parties, two different backgrounds, but they  are Americans--I remember coming up to a street corner where a massive  tree had fallen, had torn down lines, and I saw a person in a raincoat  standing there by the lines trying to wave me by to make sure my SUV  didn't hit what could have been a live wire. I pulled the car over to  the side in the wind and the rain, and I saw that it was an elderly man  standing there in the streets feeling as if it was his obligation to  protect his community. I stood there in the rain and looked at this  elderly, African-American man who was standing there trying to protect  people who were driving through and thought to myself: I talked to the  most powerful guy in the country. I talked to the most powerful person  in my State. But the true power that I saw was in an American who was  working to take care of his community in a time of trial.   That was the spirit that stayed with me and lifted me during this  crisis when I was staying up day after day--seeing his commitment to  his community.   Martin Luther King said so eloquently that the ultimate measure of a  man--and I would like to expand that and change that for a second--the  ultimate measure of a person is not where they stand in moments of  comfort and convenience but where they stand at times of challenge and  controversy. That is where we are right now.   Tens of millions of us are very comfortable right now. This is a time  of comfort and convenience for many. I got up this morning, I turned on  my shower, and hot water came out. When I opened my fridge, there was  food there. But how can we sit idly by while there is an urgency going  on of epic proportions?   Let me tell you about Puerto Rico. As my friend from Florida said, 80  percent of their island remains without power. I saw firsthand what 1  week without power did in my community. It literally led to the deaths  of people--not the storm itself, but the lack of power was directly  related to the deaths in the city of which I was mayor. There are  people who don't have access to things we take for granted, whether it  be a bank account or food. It was profoundly stated by my colleague  that just access to clean water--right now, there are people who are  falling ill and dying in Puerto Rico because of a lack of access to  clean water. Sanitation systems, water, roads, bridges, electric  grids--all of these urgently need Federal investment.    One of my staffers has a son who is a medic in the Puerto Rico  National Guard, and he has told her that people in hospitals have died.  The loss of life, the loss of American lives--our fellow citizens have  died because of their lack of access to electricity and the lack of  access to oxygen.   We are Americans. I know our character. I know our spirit. But right  now, there are hundreds of thousands of people in our country who are  suffering. They may not be proximate to us in geography; they may not  be next to us in sight. But the spirit we need right now is the spirit  of that man standing in the storm, watching over his neighbors,  watching over people passing through, being there for their own.   We have work to do. We have an urgency. Where children are suffering  without the basics, where schools are closed, where crops have been  destroyed, where access to food has been destroyed, we have work to do.  So my sense of urgency right now is believing that, as a first step, we  must have a comprehensive aid package--not just to help our fellow  Americans in Florida and Texas where there are urgent crises still  going on. The gravity of the pain and suffering in the Virgin Islands  and in Puerto Rico right now is unimaginable for those of us who are  not experiencing it, and it is unacceptable for us, as Americans, not  to be there for our fellow citizens.   We are just 5 days away from the fifth anniversary of the storm that  hit New Jersey, and we have made great strides in New Jersey over the  past 5 years. But the reality is that today in New Jersey, we are still  recovering from that storm.   This is going to be a long process, an urgent process. It is going to  be a process that necessitates resilience, necessitates endurance, and  necessitates persistence. But it starts with this body, the Congress of  the United States of America, putting together an aid package that  includes direct grant funding for rebuilding our country. For Puerto  Rico and the Virgin Islands, it  [[Page S6725]]  must include making sure the island is strong enough. From  telecommunications, to energy sources, to schools, we must make sure  that the aid package includes all that is necessary for these islands  to stand up again and get to work for the many months and years to come  of rebuilding.   I support my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I am encouraged  by the spirit I encountered that night, having a Democratic President  and Republican Governor call me as concerned Americans. But the spirit  I call on tonight is that of the elderly Black guy on a street in a  storm who said: The storms may howl; the rain may come; the water may  rise. But when it comes to my country, I will stand for America and  stand for Americans.   I yield the floor.   