 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 931, the Firefighter Cancer  Registry Act of 2017. Yesterday we recognized the sixteenth anniversary  of the September 11 terror attacks. The tragic  [[Page H7250]]  events on that day exhibited the heroism our firefighters and other  first responders display as they run toward disaster while everyone  else runs away.   The long-term health consequences on September 11, including several  forms of cancer and chronic respiratory conditions among first  responders, also serve as a reminder of the unique health risks  firefighters face. As firefighters run into burning buildings and other  environments, they often do not know whether carcinogens or hazardous  materials are present. Such exposures have resulted in cancer becoming  the leading cause of line of duty death among firefighters. My  grandfather was a captain in the Houston Fire Department and died of  cancer.   We still do not fully understand the relationship between  firefighters and cancer risk. That is why a more comprehensive approach  is needed to understand this relationship. H.R. 931, the Firefighter  Cancer Registry Act, will create a voluntary cancer registry of  firefighters to collect data on their cancer risks and outcomes related  to their job exposures. This registry will inform research into the  health risks facing firefighters, as well as ways to mitigate such  risks. That evidence will allow us to implement new practices and  develop new tools to protect the health of individuals who courageously  put their lives at risk to protect the public.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may  consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), a cosponsor of  the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, we have no more speakers, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   