 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, our Nation faces a dire fiscal situation.  We have reached our debt limit, we have lifted our debt limit, and we  are now determining how to control our spending while still funding  necessary programs. What is worse, too many of our Federal regulations  and mandates that we fund--or maybe more appropriately, the taxpayers  fund--are unnecessary and exact burdensome, excessive costs on our  constituents, both families and businesses.   The reality is we can and we must make cuts to our government before  financial markets make them for us. We can do that without impacting  essential programs if we make the right targeted cuts. If we make those  cuts, we can actually grow our economy by stopping overeager  bureaucrats who seem to believe that everything--and I do mean  everything--should be regulated until it no longer functions.   Not only is such action possible, it is essential for the well-being  of the American economy and our families. We in Congress need to be  focused on growing and protecting Main Street, not protecting an  already bloated Federal Government.   The amendment I have proposed today makes a cut to the bureaucracy of  several offices of Financial Services. These cuts are a modest 10  percent reduction of administrative expenses, which will save taxpayers  over $596 million, annually. Let me repeat that. That is over half a  billion dollars a year. If we put enough together, it is real money.   One of the cuts included in the amendment is to the IRS. My amendment  does not target IRS services, those that help taxpayers get a lost  refund or have questions about filing. Lord knows those people need all  the help they can get to understand our Tax Code. Rather, the amendment  focuses on IRS enforcement.   This is the part of the IRS that abused their power by targeting  groups based on their political beliefs, victimizing groups and  individuals for exercising their constitutional rights and trying to  follow the rule of law. They misled Americans and took 3 years to  provide a full list of organizations that were targeted for their  political beliefs. This is an agency that must be stopped, and my  amendment is a step towards doing so, while saving the American  taxpayers money.   I urge my colleagues to seriously consider my amendment as we work to  secure our financial future and hold our government accountable.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Graves), my colleague and the chair of the subcommittee.    Mr. Chair, I have to say, I am astonished at the  response that an across-the-board cut is indiscriminate. It actually  allows the agencies within their administrative accounts to manage  money as they best see fit.   The idea that we can't cut 10 percent of the budget only works in  government. I spent a big part of my career in the private sector--over  30 years. I spent quite a period of time with the Chrysler Corporation  in the original loan guarantee days, where Lee Iacocca said: If you  can't cut 10 percent of your budget, I will find a new manager. We  saved the company.   It happens in the real world every day--Lord knows it happened after  2008 and the financial crash--yet somehow we are looking at government  agencies and they can't save 10 percent in administrative costs. It is  not possible to do it without Armageddon in Financial Services, without  a cybersecurity crash, without all the fear-mongering that comes over a  simple cut.   If we are ever going to get to the point that we can afford the  government we have, we have to have some fiscal limitations. We have to  have some responsibility. Rather than these broad strokes of it is  indiscriminate, if we target it, that will be a problem, too.   I urge my colleagues to support an amendment that holds some  accountability and saves half a billion dollars in the Federal budget  and makes people simply manage within their resources like the rest of  the world has to.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   