 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for  yielding. It is indeed an honor to be a Member of this great body. I  ran a 14-month campaign for Congress not simply to have a prestigious  title ahead of my name or to simply come to Washington to point fingers  at the other political party and blame everybody else for our Nation's  many problems. Rather, I ran for Congress so I could come here and work  to solve our Nation's many challenges.   The First Congressional District of Kentucky stretches from the  foothills of Appalachia all the way to the western most counties along  the Mississippi River. It is a conservative, rural district comprised  of 35 unique counties with the main industries being agriculture, coal,  and manufacturing.   My constituents feel like Washington has forgotten them. Unfair trade  agreements have cost us good-paying manufacturing jobs. The EPA's war  on coal has devastated the coal economy and its massive economic spin- off. Overburdensome regulations like waters of the U.S. threaten the  viability of our family farmers, and an unsustainable government  takeover of our healthcare system, better known as ObamaCare, has  significantly increased healthcare premiums on my small businesses and  working middle-class families.   Mr. Speaker, as I stand here today, there is a great sense of hope in  Kentucky. My district voted overwhelmingly for Donald Trump and voted  out of office six incumbent Democrat State representatives. My people  expressed their displeasure at the polls, and for once they feel like  their voices were heard and their votes mattered.   I have heard my people's cries. As a farmer, small-business owner,  and parent of three small children, I have also felt their pain.   Mr. Speaker, I pledge here today to work with my fellow freshmen  colleagues, the incoming Trump administration, and the leadership in  Congress to make America great again. I am proud that in the first 2  weeks of this Congress we have passed bills to undo the regulatory  damage that the Obama administration has done to our businesses. In the  coming weeks, I look forward to repealing the failing ObamaCare  healthcare system and replacing it with a market-driven healthcare fix.  I am confident that I can play a role in working with the new  administration to renegotiate our main trade deals to ensure that  American workers are on a level playing field.   There is a better way to run America. The assault on the private  sector must end. The disregard and disrespect for conservative, pro- family values must end. The bloated Federal Government must shrink and  Congress must regain control of our Federal Government away from  unelected bureaucrats. That is the will of the people of Kentucky One.   The voters spoke loudly on November 8. I look forward to working with  my fellow freshmen colleagues to ensure that we improve our economy,  abide by the Constitution, and restore the confidence of the American  people.   Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I thank the gentleman.   Those are exciting values. My district is one of the more rural  agricultural districts. We are not far from Atlanta, but poultry is  important to my district, and I appreciate him bringing those values to  us.   Mr. Speaker, our next speaker is Brian Mast from Florida. I got to  know Brian when he was running for this office. I got to visit with him  in his district as he was running.   Let me just say that many times we talk about elections with campaign  ads and speeches, and all of those kind of things that are very true,  but it is also when a person connects with the people they are  representing. When they connect with them in such a way that it sort of  even transcends their ideological perspective. I remember a story that  I want to tell. We were at a polling precinct and we were holding  signs. People were early voting. I remember one lady parked her car and  got her young child out. She came up to Brian and said: I am a  Democrat; I am voting for other Democrats, but I am voting for you, and  I wanted my daughter to meet you.   When you make that kind of connection, that is what makes America  great. That is the kind of connection people need to have with their  Federal Government. That is why the people's House is such a special  place to be, and the people's House has a special Representative from  Florida.   I now yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mast), representing  Florida's 18th Congressional District.   