 Mr. Chairman, this debate oftentimes can become confusing  because banking law is confusing.   We hear both sides take different positions on the Financial CHOICE  Act and on Dodd-Frank, but I think the way you cut to the fat about  whether Dodd-Frank was great law and does the Financial CHOICE Act  actually make this law way better, I think we have to look at a couple  simple factors.   Big banks brought us to the crisis in 2008. The question for my  friends across the aisle and people watching this debate is: Because of  Dodd-Frank, have big banks gotten smaller or have big banks gotten  bigger?   The answer is: Big banks have gotten bigger.   If you go to rural Wisconsin, small community banks and credit unions  that help grow businesses and help provide to capital to our families  are going out of business. Big Wall Street banks don't set up shop in  rural Wisconsin. So the little guy is getting hurt and the big guys are  doing really well.   You have got to ask yourself: Who supports the Financial CHOICE Act?   You have the NFIB protecting small businesses, the Independent  Community Bankers of America, the National Association of Federally- Insured Credit Unions, and the Credit Union National Association.  Credit unions and small banks support this bill.   Who doesn't support this bill?   Well, if you look to The Washington Post: Hensarling, our chairman,  faces opposition from big-bank CEOs that like Dodd-Frank. They hate the  Financial CHOICE Act.   Another quote from The Wall Street Journal: ``Big banks have an  unexpected message for President-elect Trump: Don't trash the Dodd- Frank Act.''  [[Page H4722]]    Big banks hate this bill, and little banks and little credit unions  love it. If you want to know where people stand on this, go to your  small community banker, go to your credit union, ask them about Dodd- Frank, and they will give you an earful. Then ask them: Do you like the  Financial CHOICE Act? They will sit back and give you a small, slow  clap.   Let's do what is right for the American people and the small banks  and small credit unions. Let's join together, pass H.R. 10, and give a  win to the little guy.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House  adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, June 12, 2017, when it  shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for  legislative business.   