 Will the Senator yield for a question?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    I thank my colleague from the State of Vermont and, for  many years, my fellow colleague on the Senate Judiciary Committee for  his statement. I couldn't agree with him more that we need an  independent, transparent investigation of this Russian invasion into  the body politic of America in an effort to subvert our sovereignty. It  was made by a country that is not our friend and was made at a time  when they were trying to influence the outcome of an election.   I just want to note to my colleague and friend from Vermont that  during the break I visited Poland, Lithuania, and Ukraine. It was  interesting. In Poland, they put up with the notion of Putin's  interference on a daily basis. The most frightening prospect, of  course, is the movement of military forces, which we hope never occurs,  but they look at it as a very real threat. They have what they call the  hybrid war. They said it isn't just the military; it is also his cyber  attacks on our country, and it is also his propaganda on our country.   One of the Polish leaders asked me a question: We have been  wondering, Senator, if the United States is not willing to confront  Russia with its invasion of your sovereignty in your Presidential  election, would you be willing to stand up for your NATO allies if  there is an effort of aggression by Putin? Would you be willing to  stand up against Russia in those times?   I think that is a legitimate issue. If we don't take what the Senator  has raised very seriously about putting independence in the  investigation of this matter, and we don't do it with dispatch, shame  on us. But it is also going to say to the world that we did not respond  in a positive and forceful way when it came to this aggression against  the United States.    Mr. President, let me start by commending my colleague  from Kansas. It is an honor to join him in this Senate Hunger Caucus  effort. He does it in the tradition of Senator Bob Dole of Kansas.  Along with George McGovern, they were two of the most unlikely  political allies. They really dedicated a large part of their public  lives to fighting hunger.   I am happy to join him in the memory of Paul Simon, who did the same  for the State of Illinois. So I am looking forward to joining the  Senator in this effort. I hope the Senator doesn't have to suffer  another midlife crisis in the future. Let's continue this in a good  bipartisan spirit.   I thank the Senator from Kansas.   Mr. President, I have come to the floor repeatedly in recent months  to raise concerns about the Russian cyber act of war against our  Nation, about Russia's aggression elsewhere against the West, this  President's disturbing alliance with Russia, and the majority party's  incredible silence on the Senate floor on these matters.   Well, I just spent several days visiting our allies in Eastern  Europe--notably Poland, Lithuania, and Ukraine--and return even more  concerned.   You see, regardless of the partisan leanings of who is in government  in these nations, the concern is the same.   Is the United States, history's champion of democracy and collective  security in Europe, backing away from these values and commitments just  as Russia is more aggressively challenging them?   Is the American President really using phrases like ``enemy of the  people'' to describe a free press--a term used by Soviet dictator  Joseph Stalin, that was so ominous that Soviet Premier Nikita  Khrushchev later demanded the Communist Party halt its use because it  ``eliminated the possibility of any kind of ideological fight''?   Are the Trump administration's bizarre blinders to Vladimir Putin's  aggression and true nature--and the silence of too many of my  Republican colleagues on this danger--a harbinger of some kind of  Western retreat to the Russians?  [[Page S1438]]    Well, I met with many of our dedicated diplomatic and military  personnel in the region who, as part of ramped up reassurance efforts  by the previous administration, are working to keep Putin in check.   These included more than 100 U.S. military personnel working with  their Lithuanian counterparts about an hour outside of the capital in  Rukla. These U.S. troops and their colleagues rotate out of Poland and  throughout the Baltics to augment their NATO partners in deterring a  Russian attack.   Mr. President, the concerns about Russian aggression are legitimate  and warrant serious attention. Let's take a look at just recent Russian  actions in Europe. One day after President Trump spoke to Putin on the  phone in late January, Russian-backed separatists increased their  fighting in Ukraine--1eading to the highest death toll in months.   After Vice President Pence tried to reassure allies at the Munich  Security Conference the other week, Russia agreed to start accepting  identification documents issued by the separatists in eastern Ukraine-- one step closer to annexing the illegally seized territory.   Putin is strong-arming Belarussian President Lukashenko to allow  Russian troops to remain based in Belarus following an upcoming  significant military exercise. Russia is putting more and more  sophisticated weapons into Kaliningrad, which when combined with  permanent troops in Belarus, will significantly increase security  threats to the region. Russia just announced a referendum to rename  land it illegally seized by force in Georgia.   Putin is trying to stir unrest in Kosovo where NATO is trying to  maintain stability after the horrific violence of the Balkan war. He  attempted a coup in Montenegro. And Russia continues its aggressive  disinformation campaign and cyber attacks throughout Europe, trying to  manipulate elections and sow instability and lack of trust in  democratic institutions. One Polish expert summed all this up wisely,  saying ``if the United States does not respond to the Russian attack on  its election, Putin will feel he has a free hand to keep taking such  destabilizing actions in the West.'' I worry that is what is already  happening.   So, what is the response to these actions by this White House and the  majority party--the party of Ronald Reagan who understood the Russians  so well?   So far, with the exception of a few important voices, largely  silence.   In fact, as I have mentioned here before, since October when the  first intelligence reports came out about the Russian attack on our  election, not a single Republican has come to the floor to discuss this  act of cyber war by a former KGB official on our country.   And our President, who has attacked hundreds by Twitter for even the  most benign perceived slight, has refused to say anything negative  about Putin.   Obviously, we need to get to the bottom of the Russia attacks on our  election and if anyone in the Trump campaign had inappropriate contact  with the Russians. An independent commission led by respected  individuals such as Sandra Day O'Connor or Colin Powell could lead such  an effort. And we need to see the President's tax returns to clarify  what his son said in 2008 regarding Trump's businesses seeing ``a lot  of money pouring in from Russia.''   We need to pass the bipartisan Russian sanctions bills pending in the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee--one that tightens sanctions on  Russia for its actions here and abroad and one that requires  congressional approval before any sanctions on Russia are lifted.   And we need to make sure we include continued support to Ukraine and  for the European Reassurance Initiative in our next appropriations  bills.   Mr. President, I remember as a young Congressman trying to get into  Lithuania more than 25 years ago when it courageously tried to hold an  election breaking free from the Soviet Union.   Those brave Lithuanians had little but their idealism and a few  rifles to protect themselves from the Soviet tanks.   But in the end they prevailed, and one by one, Eastern European  nations freed themselves from Communist tyranny, a struggle Ukraine is  still fighting against Russia.   Today one can still visit the KGB museum in the capital of  Lithuania--a hall of horrors that nobody should ever forget. One  Lithuanian member of parliament I met, who remembers life not only  under the Soviets but also under the Nazis, recalled how his mother had  survived 4 years in a Nazi concentration camp.   He emotionally said that he had always seen the United States as the  champion of freedom, democracy, and a Western global order. I could  tell he was deeply worried about any backsliding on that important role  and any possibility of returning to the darker days in Europe.   I don't know exactly what Steve Bannon is whispering in Trump's ear  regarding his dark world view and indifference to the transatlantic  Western alliance, but this post World War II partnership has served  American and global interests. The relationship has brought stability  to Europe after decades of horrific war. It has brought democracy and  common markets and served as a check against the Soviet Union and now  Russia.   I am glad Vice President Pence made some references to this at the  Munich Security Conference, but those words will not be enough on their  own. Quite simply, any sympathies in the White House with Russian  efforts to undermine the transatlantic relationship are outrageous and  dangerous, and I will oppose them here in the Senate.   To reiterate, Mr. President, during the Presidents Day break, I took  a trip to three capitals, which I consider to be timely and important  visits: Warsaw, Poland; Vilnius, Lithuania, and Kiev, Ukraine. I have  been to these cities many times, and I have a particular attachment to  them. My mother was born in Lithuania, and so returning there, as I  have for over 35 years, I have seen a sweep of history as that small  Baltic State has moved from a republic of the Soviet Union to a free  and independent nation today. I am so proud of the courage of  Lithuanians that had brought them to this moment.   Going to Warsaw, Poland, is natural for a Senator from Chicago. We  have more Polish Americans in that city and in our State than anyplace  outside of Poland. We are very proud of our Polish heritage. They are  wonderful people. They are not only hard-working, good Polish  Americans, but they are also always thinking about their own homeland,  which was under the control of the Warsaw Pact, a Soviet-inspired  alliance, for decades, at the expense of their freedom.   I also visited Kiev, Ukraine. That capital has become well known to  many of us since the invasion by Vladimir Putin, which is the point I  would like to make.   The thing that ties these three countries together, despite their  differences in history, is the fact that if you ask each of these  countries today to identify the major external threat to their  existence and to their freedom, they would identify Vladimir Putin of  Russia. I found that in Warsaw, again in Vilnius, the capital of  Lithuania, as well as in Ukraine.   It was interesting--and Senator Jeanne Shaheen joined me on my trip  to visit Poland--that as we met with the leaders of that nation, we  heard repeatedly their concerns about Russian aggression. It was  something that was critically important to them. They were heartened by  statements made by Vice President Pence at the Munich conference about  the future of the NATO alliance, but let's put it in context. The  reason the Vice President had to travel from Washington to Munich,  Germany, to say to the Western world that was gathered there that the  NATO alliance was still strong was because the current President of the  United States, Donald Trump, had tweeted that NATO was obsolete, and  one of his followers, Steve Bannon of Breitbart fame, had questioned  whether we should be engaging in these kinds of alliances.   Well, I think those alliances are critical. The NATO alliance has  been one of the most successful in history. So when Vice President  Pence went to Munich to assure our NATO allies that we were still on  their side, it was an important message.   I did find one other thing telling and memorable about that trip to  Warsaw. One of the Polish leaders said to me: We have read that the  Russians invaded your election. We are used to this. He called it the  hybrid war. He  [[Page S1439]]  said: It isn't just aggression by Russians with military aggression,  which is scary enough, but it is a war of cyber aggression and a war of  propaganda, and clearly Vladimir Putin believed in your last  Presidential election that he could use some of those same tactics that  he uses against Poland and the Baltics in the United States. This  leader in Poland then challenged me: What are you going to do about  that? Now that you know that Vladimir Putin has invaded your election,  now that your intelligence agencies tell you that, will you do  something? Will you take this seriously? Will you investigate it? He  said: Our worry in Poland is, if you will not respond to Vladimir  Putin's invasion into your cyber space, what will you do if he invades  Poland? Will you stand by us as you promised in article 5? If you don't  take him seriously when he invades your sovereignty, will you take it  seriously when he invades ours?   It is an important question and a right question. I hope we take a  lesson from it--not to take Vladimir Putin for granted, not to view him  as a superhero or great leader but to understand that people around the  world are watching to see how we react to this Russian invasion of our  election.   In Lithuania, they face propaganda on a daily basis. German troops  under the flag of NATO are now in Lithuania making it clear that we are  committed to the future and security of that nation. What did Vladimir  Putin and the Russian propagandists do as soon as these German troops  moved into Lithuania? They created an absolutely false rumor that a  German soldier had raped a Lithuanian woman. It wasn't true, but it was  the kind of false information that they have spread in the hopes of  undermining the confidence of Lithuania and the NATO alliance.   I met with the President of Lithuania, Dalia Grybauskaite, and she is  a very decisive leader. I thought of Margaret Thatcher's style when I  met with President Grybauskaite. She is an ``Iron Lady'' in her own  right to protect Lithuania and other Baltic States from Russian  aggression.   The last trip we made was to Ukraine, and Congressman Mike Quigley of  Chicago joined me in that visit. In that visit, we had a chance to meet  late at night, 9 o'clock at night with the President of Ukraine, Petro  Poroshenko, who was kindly waiting for us to get off the plane and come  join him at his Presidential offices. They are struggling even to this  day. As President Trump is in conversation with President Putin about  future relationships, sadly, at that very same moment, aggression by  the Russians in Ukraine was growing. Over 10,000 people have been  injured or died now because of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. There  is speculation, and I hope it is just that, that some backroom  negotiations are underway to recognize this Russian aggression in  Ukraine. I sincerely hope that never happens. We should never condone  what Vladimir Putin has done to that country of Ukraine. They are  struggling now to get back on their feet. They are making reforms that  are unpopular but necessary. They are strengthening their economy and  at the same time they are fighting a war.   I left there with two resolves. One was to make sure we provide  military equipment necessary for Ukraine to be successful to ward off  this Russian aggression; No. 2, to continue to work with them in terms  of building their economy and reform; and, No. 3, that we have a  visible physical presence with those NATO forces in the Baltic States  and in Poland. We have a great alliance in these countries. In Poland  the Illinois National Guard has been a longtime ally of the Polish  forces, and we are very proud of that relationship.   When it came to Lithuania, we were able to see a group from Fort  Carson in Colorado. It was a tank command. I never saw prouder soldiers  in my life--American soldiers anxious to show this Senator the Abrams  M1 and the fighting vehicles they were using preparing for the  possibility of defending Lithuania and the Baltics. It was an inspiring  moment.   I made my statement part of the record, and I know the Senator from  South Dakota is seeking the floor, but I left there committed to the  NATO alliance and committed to the effort to stop the aggression of  Vladimir Putin, committed as well to come home to the United States and  say to my colleagues in the Senate and House that we have to take it  seriously when Vladimir Putin tries to change the outcome of an  American election. It is a sad day in American history. I believe  November 8, 2016, is a day that will live in cyber infamy for what  Vladimir Putin tried to do in the United States. For us to ignore it,  to sweep it under the table, to hide it behind some committee door,  when no one knows what is going on inside, is not the appropriate  answer. We need an independent, transparent investigation of what the  Russians did, a special prosecutor at the executive level, and an  independent commission like the 9/11 Commission, headed by notable  Americans like GEN Colin Powell or Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who  will bring all the facts to light so we know once and for all the truth  of what happened and make certain it never happens again.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). The Senator from South Dakota.   