 Mr. Chairman, the Franking Commission,  of which I am the chairman, is a bipartisan commission made up of an  equal number of members from both parties that approve all the franking  and mailing materials that go out. We were not contacted by the  gentlewoman from New Hampshire about this amendment, and that is one  reason I am opposed.   There are a number of reasons why I am opposed to the amendment, the  chief of which this amendment is going to negatively impact two very  large constituencies--people in rural America that I serve, and many of  us serve, and also areas where there is not ready access to electronic  communications. Many Americans who don't have access to electronic  communications will be the most affected by the fact that Members of  Congress cannot contact their constituents via mail.   By limiting how Members can communicate with their constituents,  Members may be more likely to make mistakes and violate the franking  rules. We want to make sure that the franking rules work. Currently,  postcards, communications that are 4\1/2\ by 6, the size mandated by  this amendment, as Chairman Yoder said, make up only 10 percent of all  postal mail communications.   This amendment would severely limit what many Members, both  Republicans and Democrats, are able to do. By reducing the size of any  mailer to a postcard, Members of Congress of both parties wouldn't even  be able to communicate via letterhead in a mass mailing, so this is an  amendment that I oppose.    Mr. Chairman, again, I wish our  colleague would have gone through the process. If she would come to the  Franking Commission, we would be glad to take her ideas into  consideration.   But this amendment severely limits the ability of Members of Congress  to reach out to their constituents. Members would not be able to send a  mailer on official letterhead. Members who budgeted their funds wisely  and printed postcards that they then send to their Members that might  not fit this size would be a waste of taxpayer dollars because they  would not be able to use those.   Also, under this amendment, many end-of-the-year communications that  my colleague has sent from her office herself would not be eligible  under this amendment right now.   So let's make sure that we have a discussion at the Franking  Commission level. We would enjoy debating this issue with Members,  Republicans and Democrats, who equally make up the Franking Commission.  We would like to take your concerns into consideration, but give us a  chance to do that. I urge my colleague to do that in the future.   Mr. Chairman, again, I oppose this amendment.   