 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1362, a bill  that honors the late former Delegate from American Samoa, Eni  Faleomavaega, by naming the veterans community-based outpatient clinic  in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa'aua'a Hunkin VA  Clinic.   A Vietnam veteran himself, Eni worked tirelessly to secure this  clinic for veterans in American Samoa. His efforts to ensure all  veterans in his district enrolled in VA health care, to secure rent- free space for the clinic through an agreement with the United States  Army Reserve, and his testimony to the VA's CARES Commission resulted  in a recommendation that a clinic be established and eventually led to  the approval of the clinic by the Veterans Administration.   Eni was relentless in his pursuit of this goal so his fellow veterans  in American Samoa would no longer have to travel more than 2,000 miles  to Honolulu to seek care at a VA facility. It is fitting that it now be  named after him.   Eni was someone I looked to as a leader. He was the dean of the  Territories Caucus when I first came to Congress in 2009. He had served  here for some 20 years by that point; but his experience was even more  longstanding, having worked on the staff of Representative Philip  Burton, a champion of the territories and all of the people in America  who are often overlooked and forgotten.   There were two things in particular I saw in Eni. First, he had  absolutely no hesitation in representing the people of American Samoa  and providing glimpses of the culture with the rest of us. He relished  the opportunity to wear his lavalava, one of the traditional pieces of  clothing. He took pride in his traditional tattooing. He never  hesitated to  [[Page H1547]]  sing the songs of his people 8,000 miles away.   Though a Delegate in this House, Eni Faleomavaega never presented  himself as anything less than a Member of Congress. In doing so, he  never diminished the standing of his constituents and their right, like  all Americans, to have their voice heard here in the people's House.   The second lesson I learned from our departed friend was that the  responsibilities of a Member of Congress go beyond the parochial  concerns of our district. Of course, we are here to be sure that the  people and place we represent are treated fairly and that our special  circumstances are taken well into account in the formulation of Federal  law and policy; but beyond that local responsibility, we all have a  larger responsibility to act and speak on behalf of our Nation as a  whole.   Eni certainly demonstrated that larger role we must all accept by his  advocacy for Native Americans and by taking leadership in the foreign  affairs of our Nation, especially in Asia and the island nations of the  South Pacific. A good Member of Congress takes care of their own  people, just as Eni did. A great Member of Congress understands that  their people can only thrive when the Nation as a whole is a place of  justice and peace.   Those are the lessons I learned from knowing Eni Faleomavaega, and  for what he taught me, I will forever be grateful.   