 Mr. President, thank you for allowing me to engage in  this colloquy with my friend and colleague, Senator Blunt from  Missouri, who has been a real leader not just in the Senate but when he  was in the House, traveling to all of the hospitals in Missouri and  talking about the issues that concern the people there, as I do in  Wyoming every weekend, going home and talking to people at home.   You may not know this, but I was the president of the Wyoming Medical  Society and worked with something as the medical director called the  Wyoming Health Fairs, where we brought low-cost health screening to  people all around the Cowboy State. I had been going to these health  fairs for years--when I was a doctor practicing medicine, when I was an  orthopedic surgeon, and then when I was in the State senate and now as  a U.S. Senator, to the point that I was at a health fair last Saturday  in Buffalo, WY.   People come to the fairs. They get their blood tested ahead of time  so they can come and pick up the results and find out about their  cholesterol and thyroid conditions and other issues. There are booths  from the Heart Association and the Diabetes Society, depression  screenings, all sorts of things. People there are very interested in  their health.   When they see me as a doctor and knowing I am also a Senator, they  want to talk about how the healthcare laws affected their lives. What I  hear, story after story, is, you have to repeal this ObamaCare. Many of  them are people who had insurance that worked for them before the  healthcare law was passed. When the healthcare law was passed, they  were basically told that what they had, which worked for them and which  they could afford, wasn't good enough for the government. The  government said: No, you have to buy something else, something more  expensive and not what you really need or want--which is getting into  the fundamental problem here.   ObamaCare is collapsing all around the country. In Wyoming, as in  many places--and I know Senator Blunt is in a situation where he has  people whom he works with--there is not really a marketplace out there.  It is a monopoly. There is only one choice.   We see our colleagues--Senator Alexander in his home State and  Senator Corker--in some counties, there are no choices. Nobody is going  to sell on the exchange. Even with the ObamaCare government subsidies,  there is nothing to be bought.   We have to act now. The House is in the process of doing that. I  think they have made an incredible effort, a fundamental change, a big  step away from ObamaCare. It is a monumental shift. What it does is it  eliminates the things I hear about every weekend in Wyoming that people  don't like about the healthcare law. It is the mandates. It is the  taxes. It is the penalties they have to pay. People don't like that.  They don't like the government saying: You have to buy a government- approved product, pay for it, whether or not you want it, whether or  not it works for you.   We eliminate all of those things in what the House is debating now.  What do we preserve? We preserve things that people know are important  for them. People with preexisting conditions will still be protected.  My wife Bobbi is a breast cancer survivor. She has been through  operations. She has been through chemotherapy, radiation. As a doctor  and as a husband, I know how important it is to protect people with  preexisting conditions. There is also a limit on lifetime payments for  people who get sick. Finally, we do want to keep and we do preserve for  families--they can keep younger members of their family on their  insurance, to the age of 26.   We eliminate the things people don't like. We preserve the things  that are still so important for families all around the country. We  work to get to the point where people can afford health insurance  again.   It is interesting listening to the Democrats talking about how many  people have been covered under ObamaCare. What you find out is that  coverage is empty. They may have an insurance card, but if the copays  are so high and the deductibles are so high--$5,000, $6,000, $7,000--it  is unusable. They say: I have ObamaCare, but I don't have the ability  to get the care.   The issue of Medicaid, which was a failed system for a long time--it  has been 50 years since Medicaid came into existence. There is a lot we  need to do to modernize, update, streamline, strengthen, improve  Medicaid in ways that actually help people.   I was in the State senate. Mr. President, I know you have a long  history of involvement in your home State. Senator Blunt does as well  with the activities there. What we have seen with Medicaid--and I saw  it in the State legislature--if we had the freedom and the flexibility  in the State to make the decisions about how that money was spent  rather than dealing with all of these rules and regulations and one- size-fits-all that comes out of Washington, we always felt we could do  a much better job of providing for the people of our State. Let the  State make involved decisions for people on Medicaid, and we could help  a lot more people for the same amount of money. It seemed there was so  much waste and abuse in the whole Medicaid system.  [[Page S1706]]    So much of what the House is doing is to try to get the power out of  Washington. The question is, Whom do you want in control? Do you want  the government in control or the people, and their care and the  decisions being made at home?   I come to the floor today to thank my colleague from Missouri for his  leadership on this from the days before he was even in the U.S. Senate,  from his days in the House, and for his involvement. He was really one  of the leaders in the House before coming to the Senate on this whole  topic. He knows it well. He visits with people at home in his home  State, as I do at home in mine.   I will be at home in Wyoming again this weekend, traveling around the  State with different activities. I think one of the things we all do  when we go home is visit with people and find out where they are going  to be and what is on their minds, and that is the best way to do it.   I will be at a pancake breakfast. I will be at a Boy Scout event. I  will be at a dinner at the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation. I will visit  with a number of high school students. You hear people. You want to be  there and listen to what they have to say. So I am looking forward to  being there again this weekend, as I was last weekend--in Buffalo last  weekend for the health fair in Rawlins--for an event to hear how what  Washington does impacts their lives.   What we have seen over the past 6 or 7 years since ObamaCare became  law is that decisions being made in Washington hurt a lot of people in  Wyoming, hurt people who were patients of mine when I was actively  practicing as a surgeon. The regulations, the one-size-fits-all in  terms of the impact on the hospitals, the healthcare providers, and the  patients--we know these people need relief. They need to be rescued  from this collapsing ObamaCare healthcare law. And we want to repair  the damage. We can't get it all done overnight. It is not possible. It  took us about 6\1/2\, 7 years to get to this point. President Trump has  only been in office for about 7 weeks. You can't get it done overnight.  We are making definite strides in the direction that is important for  the country.   I wish to ask my friend and colleague Senator Blunt if he is seeing  the same things in Missouri and hearing the same sorts of stories as we  work to repeal and replace this healthcare law.    I am hearing the exact same thing at home. The premiums  in our State for people having to buy on the exchange have gone up  double digits. I think we had the same thing happen in your State year  after year, to the point where if you only have one company selling on  the exchange in rural communities--for us, it is our whole State. That  is a big problem.   The other thing we certainly are concerned about--and I know this is  the case with both Senator Blunt and me--ours is a rural State, and  huge areas of your State are rural.   The architect of ObamaCare, Dr. Ezekiel Emanuel from the University  of Pennsylvania, said that we have too many hospitals in the United  States. He said there are 5,000 hospitals, and he said there are about  1,000 too many. He actually wrote a book about this after they wrote  the healthcare law, and he said that there are about 1,000 too many and  they need to close.   Well, if you are in rural Wyoming or rural Missouri, those hospitals  are a long way from other places. The first I think 80 hospitals have  closed, and they were rural hospitals. Fortunately not in my State, but  in a number of States, you have seen that--numbers of rural hospitals  closing. When a rural hospital closes as a result of the Obama  healthcare law, the impact on a community is dramatic in terms of it  being able to recruit nurses, doctors, and businesses to the community,  if there is not a hospital, and to recruit teachers to the schools. I  don't know if that is an experience and concern the Senator is seeing  around rural Missouri.    