 Yes, Mr. Speaker.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is the question before the House.    Yes, Mr. Speaker.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is the question before the House.    I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Crowley).   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Crowley cited the very source of what our proposal  is, and that is, section 6103, and, particularly section 6103(f), of  the Tax Code of the United States of America, which has been part of  the Tax Code since 1924.   Mr. Speaker, this is a wonderful part of the Tax Code. Take my word  for it. And it has been a wonderful part of the Tax Code since 1924.   It is very clear the main argument against this proposal, this  resolution, has been over the last several weeks that this is an  administrative part of the Tax Code. I would submit to you, Mr.  Speaker, that this is not simply arranging the deck chairs on the  Titanic. This has to do with all of us. This has to do with what we put  in to our tax files when we submit them to the IRS.   There is real authority when you read this section, Mr. Speaker. I  can assure you I will not read it. That will be for another time. But I  can assure you it is very specific and goes beyond administrative  authority. We are talking about apparitional authority.   We are talking about that three different committees in the House and  the Senate can call on anybody with due cause to have them submit their  tax returns.   By the way, when you look at why section 6103 was put into the Tax  Code in 1924, as a result of one of the greatest scandals in the 20th  century, then you understand it was not just meant as an administrative  situation.   Now, Mr. Speaker, we believe that it is imperative for the public to  know and understand how such tax reform that we are about to go into  pretty soon will benefit the President of the United States.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman's remarks must be confined to  the question of privilege.    I am talking right to the resolution, Mr. Speaker.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman's remarks must be confined to  the question of whether the resolution presents a privilege of the  House.    Well, we are talking about the present President, our  President of the United States.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is whether the resolution  presents a question of privilege, and the gentleman must confine his  remarks to that debate.    We are talking about, as I said----   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has not been recognized to  discuss the value or merit of the resolution. The gentleman has been  recognized only to argue whether it presents a privileged question to  the House.    I believe it is a privileged question and resolution  that has been offered because it goes to the very integrity of the  House of Representatives, and I am a part of the House of  Representatives.   Now, our President had an infamous response----   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman's remarks must be confined to  the question of privilege.    He said, when an allegation that he had paid no taxes,  he said----   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is prepared to rule.   The gentleman from New York seeks to offer a resolution as a question  of the privileges of the House under rule IX.   As the Chair ruled on February 27, 2017, and March 7, 2017, the  resolution directs the Committee on Ways and Means to meet and consider  an item of business under the procedures set forth in 26 U.S.C. 6103,  and, therefore, does not qualify as a question of the privileges of the  House.   