 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Brady for the  time and for his leadership as we continue our efforts to pass this  historic legislation.   Mr. Speaker, after nearly 7 years of work in the Ways and Means  Committee and more than 31 years since our last true tax reform, many  hearings along the way, it is time to pass historic comprehensive tax  reform. Our current Tax Code is antiquated, as we know. It is complex,  and it ignores many of the improvements and competitiveness, which have  been adopted by every other major economy worldwide.   The time for tax reform is now. Others have already outlined many of  the highlights of this bill, but I think they warrant mentioning again.   Simplified compliance and rates for individuals and families means  more than 95 percent of Americans will be able to file their returns on  a postcard. Lower rates for small businesses recognize the important  role they play as job creators in our economy. A 20 percent top  corporate tax rate and transitioning to a territorial system will  ensure our businesses remain competitive with the rest of the world.   In addition to lower rates, expanded expensing will further encourage  entrepreneurs to invest in capital to grow their businesses, and full  repeal of the death tax, including the continuation of step-up in  basis, will ensure our Nation's farmers, ranchers, and small  manufacturers can continue creating opportunity for generations to come  without the threat of double taxation.   Our Tax Code shouldn't reward businesses and investors because they  hired accountants and lawyers to help them avoid taxes, and the estate  tax does exactly that right now. I think it is equally important to  praise what the bill leaves alone in the Tax Code. With our impending  entitlement crisis, we want Americans to save everything they can for  retirement. This bill leaves those incentives intact.   It also excludes a proposal, which had initially been included in the  bill, to apply self-employment taxes to rental income. This could have  had serious repercussions for ag land rental, and I am glad it was  dropped. And I particularly appreciate how this bill continues the  deductibility of State and local taxes for businesses, including  farmers and ranchers.   U.S. producers have made great strides in increasing production on a  per-acre basis, but land remains a primary input as they work to feed  the world. Ensuring the property tax on land and production remains  deductible as business cost is vital to their continued success.   This is the moment to finally provide the tax relief Americans have  been asking for and to make our country competitive again. I urge the  passage of this progrowth bill.   