 President Stearns and Vice President Frost, and Tom, who  is going to tell you what to do, welcome back; although, I see a lot of  you, from time to time, as you walk the halls and remind us of the good  old days.   We have had quite a session so far, as I think you have noticed. You  heard me talk before, and I am sure you have made this recognition  already, we lost one of the great Americans with whom many of us have  served, Bob Michel. Bob Michel passed away. Bob Dole is still with us,  still with a great sense of humor, and, frankly, I miss those two  Republicans dearly, and I miss a lot of you as well.   We can remember when we were much more collegial than we now find  ourselves. We saw an election in Alabama which does not bode well for  future collegiality in the United States Senate, I think. We will see  what happens in that election. Obviously, that was the primary. We will  see what happens in the general.   I think all of us have a responsibility to talk about the Congress  that we have served in over the years. This is my 36th year in the  Congress. I don't know that any of you served that long, and some  people are asking why I am serving that long.   Nick Rahall, how many years did you serve?    Thirty-eight. So I have to run one more time at least.  Right, Nick?   But in any event, I like to be with each of you every year that you  come back here. As I say, I see some of you. And the Historical Society  obviously does a wonderful job. I think that when I see you and we say  ``hello'' to one another, it is in a different context in which we meet  as people who have participated in a very important and historic way,  have worked together, have respected the institution, have respected  the process of the institution, and have differed, obviously, but,  nevertheless, were able to come to a place where we agreed to disagree  and to at least act on that on which we could agree.   I think that was very important for our country. As I have said  before, and as you know, I continue to be very concerned about what we  project to the country. The Congress now has single-digit approval.  They don't believe the board of directors of the United States of  America is working, and I think that is of great concern to all of us  as citizens, as Americans, that we can't be successful as a nation if  we have so little respect from the people who we represent, or  confidence that we are doing the work that they want done.   I try to convey to them, and I want to tell you, as you know, the  majority leader, Kevin McCarthy from California, and I get along well.  We don't always agree, obviously. Roy Blunt, who is one of my best  friends, as I think some of you know, is now a Senator from Missouri  but was the minority whip, and was the acting minority leader and  minority whip for a period of time. He likes to say, ``Connie, Steny  and I always agree when there are at least 420 other people voting the  same way,'' which is to say unanimous consent essentially we agree.   Roy and I didn't agree, but when we agreed, we made things happen in  a bipartisan way. Kevin McCarthy and I do the same--not as often  because we are more polarized than when most of you served in this  Congress. When you served in this Congress, you remember, there were  real confrontations. Some of us served in the Gingrich years, and they  were pretty tough years, but even in those times when you served, there  was an ability, I think, to work more closely together than now exists.   John Boehner is not in the Congress because he wanted to work  together, and we did on some very significant things. And John finally  said: Look, if I can't get 218 on my side, I am not sure I want to be  Speaker. He wasn't pushed out. People who say John Boehner was pushed  out are wrong. John Boehner decided to leave. He wasn't pushed out. He  would have had the majority of support on his side of the aisle all the  time. There was no doubt about that.  [[Page H7585]]    But I think John just got frustrated about his inability to galvanize  a majority. I think Mitch McConnell probably empathizes a lot with John  Boehner right now. Probably all of you think so as well.   But I like to come here, and I thank you for staying engaged, staying  involved--raising the institution, as opposed to the partisanship, but  the institution and what its role is in our democracy.   People talk about: Every 2 years, you really ought to change that. I  am not sure that we ought to change it. The Founding Fathers were  undoubtedly right, in my opinion. Does it cause us problems? Yes, it  does. I tell my colleagues on my side: You cannot solve America's  problems in 24-month cycles. What I mean by that, of course, is if all  we have is thinking that goes from election to election, we won't be  able to solve America's problems because they are not just subject to a  24-month solution. We have got to think longer term.   I am very worried about the debt, as I am sure some of you are, but  we continue to do either spending or cutting taxes, and both sides that  do that talk about how we need to balance the budget. We are not there.   I thank you for staying engaged. I thank you for continuing to  communicate with the public, with my constituents and your  constituents, your former constituents, and your broader constituents  as your fellow American citizens, to try to encourage them. When people  say: When are you guys going to get together? My response to them is:  As soon as you do. And they look at me quizzically. I say: As soon as  you elect, on both sides of the aisle--Nick, have I talked too long? Is  that my signal? What Nick is saying is: You junior Members need to get  off the floor.    I am about to end.   My point to you is we need to work together to make sure that our  citizens do not believe that if you make an agreement with the other  side you have sold out. I don't care which side you are on. Democracy  is about compromise. Democracy is about working together. Democracy is  about the creation of consensus. If we can't do that, we won't succeed  as a country. Forget about Republicans and Democrats, we won't suceed  as a country. I know you continue to do that, and, very frankly,  looking at so many of you with whom I have had the honor and pleasure  of serving, I know that when you were here, you worked at doing that.  Thank you.   Thank you, Mr. Frost.   