 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, in this form, yes.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to the committee. If  adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as  amended.   Mr. Speaker, this amendment would require the FEMA Administrator and  the DHS inspector general to certify that all claims for victims of  Superstorm Sandy are addressed before this bill takes effect.   Many in this Chamber should recall 5 years ago Superstorm Sandy  caused widespread destruction throughout New Jersey and many States in  the Northeast. Superstorm Sandy barreled up the East Coast, bringing  death and destruction. Over 200 people in the United States and the  Caribbean died, and the storm caused more than $71 billion in damage.  Sandy swamped coastline communities. It knocked out power for millions  of people and businesses, flooded public transit systems, and set  neighborhoods ablaze.   Many Sandy victims have begun down the long road of recovery, but 5  years later, many victims and communities are still waiting for relief.  They are still struggling to rebuild their homes and their businesses.  It took years for the hardest hit communities in my district, Little  Ferry and Moonachie, to receive the relief to build key pieces of  public infrastructure.   In New Jersey, over 1,200 property owners are still moving through  the recovery programs. Approximately 900 are still not back in their  homes. Of all Sandy victims, there are over 2,000 people still awaiting  final review of their flood insurance claims.   After victims faced delay after delay to start the claims process  with FEMA, they then struggled with insurance companies which were and  continue to be a major source of strife for Sandy victims.   Many of the residents of New York and New Jersey saw insurers  intentionally paying out too little on their claims, which in many  cases was not enough to cover the cost of repairing the damage. We  heard stories of insurance adjusters making significant errors on  reports because they misunderstood technical definitions,  underestimated the extent of the damage done, or intentionally  misrepresented the cause of the damage.   This is all documented.   The problems were so significant, we had to force FEMA to reopen the  claims process for thousands of homeowners. Some ended up getting  additional money. I have heard from many who say that it is still not  enough to cover their recovery costs.   Mr. Speaker, on the heels of Hurricanes Harvey and Maria, we are now  tasked with reauthorizing the National Flood Insurance Program. To  ensure these victims do not face the same troubles as those in my  State, we need to apply the lessons we learned from Superstorm Sandy in  this reauthorization. Tragically, this bill does not.   We should not allow companies who profited off Superstorm Sandy  victims while committing widespread fraud and failing to meet their  basic obligations under the National Flood Insurance Program to sell  their own flood insurance.   We should not reauthorize the program without reforming the claims  process to ensure technical definitions of ``earth movement,''  ``basement,'' and ``mold damage'' do not cause delay for victims  receiving their fair share.   This bill should ensure that victims have the time they need to file  an appeal and require FEMA to respond so victims are able to move the  claims process forward.   I submitted several amendments to the Rules Committee with my  colleague Representative Frank Pallone of New Jersey to address these  issues and the lessons we learned from Sandy. We were denied a vote.   At the very least, Mr. Speaker, we must ensure that FEMA certifies  that all victims from Superstorm Sandy have had action taken on their  case before we make more changes to the National Flood Insurance  Program. That is what a vote in favor of this recommit would do. Simply  put, it would delay the implementation of the bill until the FEMA  Administrator and the DHS inspector general certified that all claims  for Superstorm Sandy have been addressed.   In order to support Superstorm Sandy victims, I encourage my  colleagues to vote in support of this recommit, because a ``no'' vote  is a vote against the victims of Superstorm Sandy, no doubt about it,  who, for 5 years have still not been made whole.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   