 Mr. President, we are engaged in the first step to  debate what is important to virtually every American. What we want to  do is to find good ways to reform and replace ObamaCare and then repeal  the provisions of it that have damaged so many Americans.   Before we start talking about a big subject, sometimes it helps to  ask the question: Exactly what are we talking about? So, very quickly,  where do Americans get our health care insurance? It might be  interesting to note that 91 percent of us have some sort of health  insurance--290 million. We get it from four places, basically. One is  Medicare--18 percent of us with insurance. This is not a bill to change  Medicare. That is a discussion for another day. So we are talking about  these three areas.   One is employers, on the job. Sixty-one percent of us with insurance  get it on the job--178 million people.   Medicaid, managed by States, paid for by the Federal and State  governments--22 percent of covered Americans there get their insurance  through Medicaid.   Then there is the individual market, people who buy it on their own.  That includes the exchanges we hear so much about. Here is where all  the news is; here is where the turmoil is. That is just 6 percent of  everyone who is insured, although that is 18 million Americans. This is  information from the U.S. Census.   Who is not insured? That is interesting too. According to the Kaiser  Family Foundation, there are 27 million people who aren't insured, but  17 million of those are eligible for some help to get insurance and  just haven't taken it. Of the 11 million who are not eligible for any  help, nearly half of them--5 million--are illegally here. Of the rest,  some make too much money to be eligible for assistance, and some  dropped through the Medicaid coverage gap. So it is fair to say that 91  percent of us are insured one way or the other. Then, of the 27  million--the 9 percent who are not insured--17 million of those are  eligible for some sort of assistance.   How should we approach this? Following the Presidential election,  President-Elect Donald Trump said on ``60 Minutes'' that replacement  and repeal of ObamaCare would be done ``simultaneously.'' To me, that  means at the same time.   Just today, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said that repeal and  replacement of ObamaCare would be done concurrently. To me,  simultaneously and concurrently mean ObamaCare should finally be  repealed only when there are concrete practical reforms in place--that  give Americans access to truly affordable health care. Let me say that  again: ObamaCare should be repealed, finally, only when there are  concrete, practical reforms in place that give Americans access to  truly affordable health care.   The American people deserve health care reform that is done in the  right way for the right reasons and in the right amount of time. It is  not about developing a quick fix. It is about working toward a long- term recovery that works for everyone.   Here is one way to think about what simultaneously or concurrently  might mean. I would ask you to think about ObamaCare as if it were a  local bridge in, say, South Dakota that is collapsing--because that is  just what is happening with ObamaCare. According to the Tennessee  Insurance Commission, the ObamaCare insurance market in our State is  ``very near collapse.'' Across the country, premiums and copays are up.  Employers have cut jobs to afford ObamaCare costs. Medicaid mandates  are consuming State budgets. In one-third of America's counties,  citizens with Federal subsidies have only a single choice of a company  to buy insurance from on an ObamaCare exchange. Without quick action  this year, next year, these Americans may have zero choices. Their  subsidies may be worth about as much as a bus ticket in a town where no  buses run.   If your local bridge in South Dakota or Wyoming or Tennessee were  very near collapse, what would you do? I think the first thing you do  is to send in a rescue crew to repair it temporarily so no one else is  hurt. Then you start building a better bridge--or more accurately, many  bridges--as States develop their own plans for providing truly  affordable health care to replace the old bridge.   Finally, when the new bridges are finished, you close the old bridge.  That is how we propose to proceed: to rescue those trapped in a failing  system that is ObamaCare, to replace that system with a functional  market or markets, and then repeal ObamaCare for good.   First, we will offer a rescue plan so that the 11 million Americans  who buy insurance now on the exchanges can continue to do so while we  build a better set of concrete, practical alternatives.   Second, we will build the better systems. Note that I say systems,  not one system. If anyone is expecting Senator McConnell to roll a  wheelbarrow onto the Senate floor with a great big comprehensive  Republican health care plan, they are going to be waiting a long time  because we don't believe in that. We don't want to replace a failed  ObamaCare Federal system with another failed Federal system.   We want to create many systems across this country, step-by-step, to  give Americans more choices of insurance that cost less. We will do  this by moving more health care decisions out of Washington and into  the hands of State and patients and by reducing harmful taxes. We will  do it carefully, step-by-step, so that it is effective.   Finally, we will repeal what remains of the law that did all of this  damage and created all of this risk. That is what we will do.  [[Page S196]]    Here is what we will not do. This is not a bill for Medicare reform.  That will be handled separately.   Second, you won't be disqualified from getting insurance if you have  a preexisting health condition. If you are under the age of 26, you  will still be able to be covered under your parents' plan.   That is what, in my opinion, we mean by repeal and replace  ``simultaneously,'' as the President-elect said, or ``concurrently,''  as Speaker Ryan said.   Here are three steps we will take beginning immediately. No. 1 is the  rescue plan. Six percent of Americans with insurance buy their  insurance in this individual market, about two-thirds of those on the  ObamaCare exchanges. This is where today's turmoil is. This is where  the copays are up, the premiums are up, where insurance companies are  pulling out of the markets.   While we build replacements, we want the 11 million Americans who now  buy insurance on the exchanges to be able to continue to buy private  insurance. This will require Congress and the President to take action  before March 1, which is when the insurance companies begin to decide  whether they will offer insurance in these markets during 2018.   In general, the goal is to get as close as possible to allowing any  State-approved plan to count as health insurance under ObamaCare rules  while we are transitioning to new systems. Among the actions that will  help are to allow individuals to use their ObamaCare subsidies to  purchase State-approved insurance outside the ObamaCare exchanges; to  adjust ObamaCare's special enrollment periods; to approve the temporary  continuation of cost-sharing subsidies for deductibles and copays; to  allow States more flexibility to determine so-called essential health  benefits, age rating rules, and small group restrictions; to expand  health savings accounts; eventually, to provide tax credits to help  lower-income Americans buy insurance; and to repeal the individual  mandate when new insurance market rules are in place.   When the new administration rewrites the guidance on ObamaCare  section 1332 State innovation waivers to allow for more State  flexibility, States will have the authority to further innovate to  build more modern health systems.   Now, second is employer insurance. Remember, that is where 61 percent  of us get our insurance--on the job. We will repair the damage  ObamaCare has done so that employers can offer employees more  personalized patient-centered care. We will do that by repealing  ObamaCare's employer mandate penalty. We will allow States to determine  the so-called essential health benefits and thereby lower costs for  small businesses. We will repeal ObamaCare's restrictions on  grandfathered health plans, on wellness benefits, on small group plans,  and provide more flexibility for small businesses so they can work  together to buy insurance--a proposal for which the Senator from  Wyoming has championed for years.   This will mean more State authority, more choices, and lower costs  for the 178 million Americans who obtain insurance on the job.   Third is Medicaid. Twenty-two percent of all insured Americans are  covered by Medicaid. We will give States more flexibility to offer  those 62 million citizens more options by making Federal Medicaid  waivers more flexible.   So in summary, we will first send in a rescue crew to repair  temporarily a collapsing health care market so no one else is hurt.  Second, step-by-step, we will build better systems--that give Americans  access to truly affordable health care. We will do this by moving  health care decisions out of Washington, DC, and back to States and  patients.   Finally, when our reforms become concrete practical alternatives, we  will repeal the remaining parts of ObamaCare in order to repair the  damage it has caused Americans. This is what I believe we mean when we  say ObamaCare should be repealed and replaced simultaneously and  concurrently.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rounds). The Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, I thank the distinguished chairman of  the Budget Committee, who has spent a great deal of time on this. I  like the way he put that because I think what we want to assure people  of--at least, I think that is what almost all of us feel--is that this  is step 1. It involves reforms, replacing, and repealing--as the  President-elect has said, ``simultaneously,'' and as the Speaker has  said, ``concurrently.'' It involves not just one big system replaced by  another big system. In our view, the one big system needs to be  replaced step-by-step by many different systems as we move more  decisions to the States.   For example, on employer insurance, or people who get their insurance  on the job, we know right now steps that we can take to repeal  ObamaCare, which damaged the employer system and which increased costs  for employers. I remember sitting around with a group of restaurant  company chief executive officers 6 years ago when ObamaCare passed.  They pointed out that they were going have to hire fewer people to  afford the cost of ObamaCare.   We don't want that to happen. We would like for them to be able to  hire more people and to offer more people insurance. How would we do  that? Well, if we repeal the Washington rules in an orderly way and  transfer back to the States responsibility for regulating most  insurance, the insurance commissioners have told us they believe they  can do that very well--do it one way in South Dakota, another way in  Tennessee, another way in Wyoming, and fit the needs of that community,  reduce costs, increase choices, and have truly affordable health care.   So we can repeal those provisions that interfere with employer  insurance and make sure that that repeal does not go into effect until  South Dakota, Wyoming, Tennessee, and other parts of the market have in  place concrete practical alternatives so they go together. But we have  to get started. This is step 1.   Now, we can do the same with Medicaid. We have a former Governor of  South Dakota in the Chair. Governors spend most of their time trying to  figure out how to afford Medicaid. They almost feel that, if Washington  would just allow the States to have more  [[Page S197]]  flexibility in terms of how the available money is spent, we could  cover more people better, offer more options.   Well, we can do that. But we are not going to do that tomorrow. We  will have to sit down with the Governors and say: How do you suggest we  do this? Then, as we do that, we can repeal the extensive Federal  regulation that creates a jungle of redtape for Medicaid. But it only  would take effect as the States tell us that there are concrete  practical alternatives in effect. So this is the step-by-step way to go  about making those kind of changes.   Finally, as the Senator said, we have to have a rescue team here. I  mean, the ObamaCare market is in turmoil. It is only 6 percent of all  of those who have insurance, but that is millions of people. If we  don't act before March 1 to make sure insurance companies are selling  into those markets, we will have many millions of people who will not  be able to buy insurance. This will be, as I said, like having a bus  ticket in a hometown with no buses running.   So that is really one of the first things we have to do--get that  rescue team going. I like the analogy of the collapsing bridge.  ObamaCare is collapsing in Tennessee, and I would say it is around the  country, if you have one-third of the counties where you can only  choose insurance from one company.   So, if a bridge is collapsing, you send in a crew to deal with that  emergency so no one else is hurt. Then you start building these new  bridges. After a while, in a prudent way, as you build each of those  systems, as States build their systems, then you close that old broken- down bridge that was damaging so many people.   So that is an orderly way to go about things. I hope that, over time,  we will have bipartisan support for these. We need a consensus. We  don't, in the end, want to have just a partisan bill. But we have been  acting like the Hatfields and McCoys in West Virginia for 6 years,  arguing with each other about ObamaCare--Republicans and Democrats.   So it may take a little while to get there. But we can start, and we  are starting under the leadership of Senator Enzi. Then, we will move  concurrently and simultaneously to reform, replace, and repeal  ObamaCare so that Americans have access to truly affordable insurance.  By the time we get to that, I am hopeful that we will begin to have a  consensus within this body that involves Democrats and Republicans  both.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Elizabeth  Joseph, a health policy fellow in Senator Cochran's office be granted  floor privileges through July 31, 2017.   