 Mr. President, I appreciate the kind words of Senator  Hoeven and his affinity toward veterans. I am here to talk about our  veterans as well.   I come at it from three different perceptions. I chair the Military  Personnel Subcommittee in the Senate Armed Services Committee. We are  trying to work on things to make sure that when somebody goes out of  Active Duty into veteran status, we make it as productive as it can be,  making sure they enter back fully into the workforce, the education  opportunities, and all the kinds of opportunities that are afforded  them as a result of serving in our armed services.   I also want to take a minute to talk about the person who served but  never wore a uniform, and that is the husband or the wife or the  children whom, on this Veterans Day, we should also thank.   A lot of times, when I have an opportunity--I live in Charlotte, NC,  where we have nearly 800,000 veterans. It is one of the largest  populations of any one State--I make a point to get to the airport a  little bit early so I can go up to the USO and just spend a moment  meeting with people who are there transitioning from Active Duty and  veterans to thank them for their service. Oftentimes, I will thank a  man or woman, and they will say: I didn't serve; my husband or my wife  did. I will say: By virtue of your being a military spouse, you served,  as did your children.   On this Veterans Day, let's make sure we expand those thank-yous to  include everybody who is affected when somebody is deployed in a  dangerous place or even serving in peacetime. It is a great sacrifice,  and it is one we should always show our gratitude for.   As I said, in North Carolina, we have about 800,000 veterans. We also  have one of the highest military concentrations of any State. It is the  home of the Global Response Force at Fort Bragg, with over 65,000 men  and women serving and 38 generals. You go down closer to the coast and  you get to Jacksonville, NC, where we have Camp Lejeune. There is a  debate over the pronunciation so I will pronounce it both ways, but  there we have nearly 45 percent of the Marine Corps. Many people don't  realize that. Stationed out of North Carolina, we could go to Seymour  Johnson, we could go to New River, or go to Cherry Point and see these  men and women serving every day--and the ones who served before them  who are now part of our veteran population. We should thank them all  for their current service or their past service.   I say to the Presiding Officer, the Senator from Arkansas, I want to  thank you for your service because you served bravely in combat  positions before entering the Senate. That is another amazing thing  about the veterans. They continue to serve. If you go to a coffee shop,  you may see a huddle of veterans around somebody who is organizing the  event. That is probably a veteran making sure veterans are speaking  with each other and working through some of the challenges some of them  have when they are put in very difficult situations or, if you go into  a community center, you will almost always see a veteran there  continuing to serve, even after they ended their Active-Duty service.   On Veterans Day, we should make it a point to go to every person we  know who is a veteran and thank them. We should make sure that  everybody we see in uniform--I will be at the airport probably Thursday  evening or Friday. I will make it a point to go to every single person  I see in uniform and thank them for their service. We owe that to them  for all they do for us.   I think, on the one hand, we need to think about veterans, especially  on Veterans Day, but as Senator Hoeven said, we need to think about  them every day. As a Senator, the way we do that is not just by  thinking but by doing. What more can I do in my capacity on the  Veterans' Affairs Committee or in my capacity on the Senate Armed  Services Committee to make service easier and safer? After they move  out of Active status to veteran status, what more can we do for them?  There are a lot of things we can do; one is to make sure they get an  opportunity to have a job that, in many cases, will leverage the skills  they learned when they were in the military into private sector jobs.   Mr. President, you and I sponsored a bill--the VALOR Act--that will  be brought up before the Senate that helps to actually expedite the  process of having those who have served in the military to get hired.  It makes it easier for employers to put them in apprenticeship  positions, where maybe they leverage some of the skills they learned  while on Active Duty but get them in good-paying jobs to support  themselves and their families.   There are a number of other things we have to do for others who are  veterans that I think are particularly important. When we talk about  post-traumatic stress or talk about traumatic brain injury, those are,  in some cases, invisible wounds of war. We need to make sure and  understand why it is that nearly every day 20 veterans take their lives  through suicide. To what extent could that be something we just simply  didn't know about that veteran? Why are they disproportionately more  likely to do it? Many of them, incidentally--the veterans today who  have this disproportionately high amount of suicide incidents--are  veterans from the Vietnam war. We need to figure out how to reach back  to that population--a significant number of whom never seek VA medical  services--to provide them with the resources they need to work through  these sorts of challenges.   We need to make sure healthcare is available across the map. We need  to recognize that challenge in North Carolina is vastly different than  the same challenge in, say, South Dakota.   We have a State population of 10 million people--almost approaching 1  million veterans. When you include the spouses and families, it is well  above it. We need to make sure they are getting healthcare and services  where it is most convenient for them. I think some of that will be  providing them with a choice to go to the doctor who makes the most  sense for them. A lot of it will be providing a brick-and-mortar  presence of the VA so they can be  [[Page S7089]]  among other people who are actually dealing with the same sorts of  circumstances, and they are actually being served by--about half the  population in our veterans hospitals and our healthcare centers are  veterans themselves.   This is a very important part of the broader solution we need to  provide to our veterans as we continue to build a relationship with  them for the rest of their lives. We will never finish all the work we  should do. We will keep on making installments into a debt we can never  repay, but what we need to do on November 11 is support our veterans by  showing our gratitude and our thanks for their service. On this  Veterans Day, make an extra effort to thank a veteran. Thank a veteran  spouse. Thank the child of a veteran for their service to this great  Nation. We will never be able to fully repay the debt we owe them, but  we can make a lot of installments as individual citizens and as Members  of this Congress. As long as I am in the Senate, that is what I intend  to do.   I say to the Presiding Officer, thank you, again, for your service,  and thank you to all the men and women who served before.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   