 Mr. President, I am going to be voting no on this 1,700- page bill.   I am not blind to some of the good parts of the bill. It includes  last year's Intelligence Authorization Act, and it includes some parts  of the bill that I worked on that would counteract Russian activities  in the United States and Europe--provisions that were blocked by the  Obama administration since they refused to ever get tough on Russia.   It increases defense spending, although not to an adequate degree in  relation to the threats we face.   For the first time in years, it recognizes that every dollar we spend  on defense doesn't have to be matched by another dollar elsewhere in  our budget.   Now, there are parts of this bill that got dropped that I would like  to have seen, for instance, blocking Federal funding for sanctuary  cities. We might as well call them ``outlaw cities'' because they  refuse to comply with Federal immigration law and turn over illegal  immigrants facing deportation to Federal authorities.   But I want to hone in on one particular provision that shows just how  bad this process is. In a 1,700-page bill, they don't hide the good  things in the bill. They only hide the bad things. So look to page 735,  section 543, where you will find an increase in H-2B visas of almost  79,000--a 120-percent increase over the normal annual cap of a so- called seasonal visa program for temporary workers that can take up to  9 or 10 months.   It is not necessary. It has nothing to do with funding the  government--nothing. It hasn't been vetted. It hasn't gone through the  normal legislative process, which would be the Judiciary Committee,  where the chairman and the senior Democrat both have written that they  oppose this measure. I don't even know how it got in there. I don't  know if it was the chairman or the ranking member. They may not know.  It is 1,700 pages, after all. It takes hours to even figure out what it  means because it is so complicated in language.   But this is what it does: It takes jobs away from American workers  and abuses the immigrants that come into this country.   In the past 10 years, the Department of Labor has found 800  employers--800--that have abused 23,000 guest workers--everything from  stealing their wages, demanding bribes for their visas, and even sexual  abuse--and those are only the ones that have been caught. That is  because unlike American workers, these immigrant workers cannot leave  their job. If they are fired, they go back to their home country, where  they often have huge families who are depending on them for their  remittances. Their employers know that, and they take advantage of  them. It is a newfangled form of indentured servitude.   Some people in this institution complain about the way Arab countries  treat guest workers from South Asia and Southeast Asia. The conditions  under which some of these H-2B workers operate are hardly much better.  They live in filth and squalor. They are charged exorbitant fees for  their housing and for their food. The employers largely get away with  it because they know that these immigrant workers will not complain.  They will not go to the authorities. They will not report it to the  Department of Labor because if they do, they go back to their home  country.   Those are just the immigrant workers. What about the American  workers? There are a lot of reasons why unscrupulous American employers  favor temporary guest workers. They don't have to pay payroll taxes on  them, for instance. They don't have to pay unemployment taxes on them.  But the real reason is that those guest workers have virtually no  leverage to demand higher wages. As I said, they can be sent home  because they are tied to a single employer. Americans have more  bargaining power. If they can get a better wage down the road, then  they will go down the road. If they get better benefits, they can go to  a new job, but those guest workers cannot.   So the employers who abuse the H-2B program go to the greatest  lengths to avoid hiring an American worker. The program says you have  to advertise for the jobs in advance, and they do, hundreds of miles  away in obscure newspapers that have nothing to do with the employer's  local economy.   Many employers discourage Americans from applying in the first place.  Remember, these are unskilled labor positions--unskilled. These are not  high-tech jobs, but unskilled guest workers. They subject American  workers to the most extreme, unreasonable, extraneous tests before they  hire them--tests they do not give to those foreign guest workers  because they can pay them lower wages. When they finally are forced to  hire an American worker, because they face penalties from the  Department of Labor if they don't, they try to make conditions as bad  as possible for them so they can fire them and then replace them with a  foreigner.   A lot of arguments for this kind of program boil down to this: No  American will do that job. That is a lie. It is a lie. There is no job  that Americans will not do. There is no industry in America where a  majority of workers are not native born, American citizens, or first  generation lawful immigrants--not landscapers, not construction  workers, not ski instructors, not lifeguards, not resort workers--not a  single one. If the wage is decent and the employer obeys the law,  Americans will do the job. If it is not, then, they should pay higher  wages. To say anything else is an insult to the work ethic of the  American people who make this country run.   We just had an election in which the President distinguished himself  more on immigration than on any other single issue. We all realize  that, right? We all realize that uncontrolled mass migration is  upending the politics and societies all across Europe. My colleagues  realize that, right? What is it going to take for the people in  Washington, DC, to realize just how out of touch they are when it comes  to protecting the jobs and the wages of American workers?   I will vote no, and I will say that today is not the day when  Washington realizes just how out of touch they are.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Montana.   