 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3388, the SELF  DRIVE Act.   I want to start by thanking Chairmen Walden and Latta, Ranking Member  Schakowsky, and the other members of the Energy and Commerce Committee  for all their work to reach a bipartisan agreement on this bill.   Self-driving cars have the potential in the future to reduce deaths  and injuries from car crashes, particularly those that result from  driver distraction. This bill allows for testing and deployment of  self-driving cars to help the United States reach that potential  sooner.   This legislation also includes important provisions that ensure  safety is the top priority as self-driving cars are developed. For  example, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration will be  required to issue rules and new safety standards for highly automated  vehicles.   The auto industry will be required to submit safety assessment  certifications that detail how their vehicles  [[Page H6673]]  are tested and function on the road. We also insist that any  manufacturer entering this market must have cybersecurity and privacy  practices in place before their cars are sold.   Self-driving cars will not come all at once. Human drivers will be on  the roads for the foreseeable future. So this bill also contains  legislative initiatives geared toward protecting drivers and  passengers, including requirements to ensure kids are not forgotten in  hot cars and that all new cars have the latest technology in their  headlamps.   It also ensures NHTSA is able to consider whether a car functions as  intended, not just whether it meets a specific standard. We also  encourage NHTSA to come up with a plan on how it can alter testing  using ranges so that cars cannot be built just to meet a particular  test.   This bill is not perfect. It is a bipartisan compromise and a product  of what we can accomplish when we work together. As this bill moves to  the Senate, I remain committed to continuing bipartisan efforts to  address any issues and to ensure that safety is not compromised.   I want to thank, again, all of the key leaders on both the Democratic  and Republican side for making this happen today.   