 Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to defeat the  previous question so we can consider H.R. 3440, the Dream Act,  introduced by my friend, Representative Roybal-Allard.   Aside from being a Member of Congress, I am the proud son of a  farmworker and a housekeeper. My family came to America when I was 8  years old, and they came here in pursuit of the American Dream.   They came here because they knew that, in America, if you worked  hard, sacrificed, played by the rules, stayed out of trouble, and got a  good college education, that you could become anything or anyone  because America had compassion, America had empathy, because America  was the land of opportunity, and my parents wanted a piece of that land  of opportunity.   Less than 30 years later, their son, who came here with no money, no  contacts, no friends, is a Member of the most powerful legislative body  in the world. That is the American Dream. And when I got elected last  year, in 2016, I became the first DREAMer in American history to get  elected to this body, and also the first former undocumented immigrant  to ever serve in this body.   So when we are talking about the Dream Act, we are talking about real  lives. We are talking about 800,000 young Americans, 800,000 young  Americans who are going to our universities, our colleges, who are our  teachers, our doctors. Some of them are protecting our country, our  liberties, and our freedoms in the military.   It is time for Congress to put their political games aside and start  putting the interests of these young Americans first.   There are currently, right now, a few DREAMers out on the lawn who  are fasting because they want that opportunity at the American Dream,  that opportunity that was given to me and my family, that opportunity  that has been given to so many immigrant families for so many years  because, look, let's face it, at the end of the day, unless you are  Native American, we all come from somewhere else. We are all  descendants of immigrants or immigrants ourselves. And it is not right  for us to come here and then close the door behind us. That is not what  America stands for. That goes against all American values.   So I encourage my friends, forget about the tweets and the Facebook  posts that you feel sorry for these DREAMers, that you love these  DREAMers. If you really do, let's bring up that bill for a vote today,  and I guarantee you that the votes are there so we can get it passed.   At the end of the day, if we take away this DACA status from these  young Americans, we are going to have a potentially close to $500  billion adverse economic impact. There are currently 3,200  entrepreneurs who are DREAMers. These DREAMers are paying taxes. We  educated them K-12, and now we are telling them that they can't go to  universities or colleges. That is un-American. That is not the America  that I know.   I encourage my friends today, on both sides of the aisle, Republican  and Democrat, to come to the table and let's pass the Dream Act.   