 Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges of  the House and offer a resolution previously noticed.    Yes, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the  privileges of the House are ``those affecting the rights of the House  collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its  proceedings.''   This resolution is privileged based on two issues of institutional  integrity, both anchored in the United States Constitution.   Upon adoption of the Constitution, Senators were elected by State  legislative bodies; justices were appointed by the executive branch;  Presidents were placed into office indirectly through the electoral  college.   The House was the only institution where Members were directly  elected by the people. We were given 2-year terms to stay close to the  people. Our integrity as a separate and coequal branch of government  flows directly from our ability to vigilantly represent their  interests.   We don't work for the executive branch. We don't work for President  Trump. We work for the people of this great Nation, and the American  people overwhelmingly want the President's tax returns released.   Secondarily, this House should exercise its prerogative as a separate  and coequal branch of government, vigilantly represent the people, and  act as a check and balance against Presidential obstruction. Our  integrity hangs in the balance.   The integrity of this House also hinges, lastly, on our willingness  to properly legislate changes to the Tax Code. The American people  have, in many cases, lost faith in our institutions of government, in  part because they believe that we are out of touch and that we do not  act in the best interests of hardworking Americans.   Pursuant to Article I, section 7, clause 1 of the Constitution, often  referred to as the Origination Clause, the House of Representatives has  the sole authority to initiate legislation that raises revenue for the  national government.   According to a 2011 Heritage Foundation report, the taxation power  was intentionally placed with the body closest to the people as part of  the Great Compromise. The Heritage Foundation report urges Members of  this House to ``be more zealous in protecting this exclusive  prerogative.''   President Trump has expressed an interest in working with the House  to take on the most significant legislative reform of our Tax Code in  30 years. How can we work with him on this legislation if we do not  know how the proposed reforms might financially benefit him or the  companies or countries to which he has business entanglements?   How can we ascertain whether suggestions made by the executive branch  are aimed to help the American people or aimed to help the President or  his allies in business or throughout the world?   The Founders of this great Nation made it so that we, as  representatives of the people, have the constitutional duty to check  and balance the executive branch, not the other way around.   The integrity of this body is at risk if we choose to follow the path  of unfettered obedience to the executive branch. The American people  deserve to see his tax returns, and we have the power in this House to  make it happen.    Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   