 Mr. President, I want to associate myself with much of  what my Republican colleagues have said about the immigration bill we  are working on--or perhaps I should say, to be more accurate, the  immigration bill we should be working on, because the Democrats at this  point simply will not take yes for an answer. We are offering a package  that they should support, and in return, they are threatening to shut  down the government.   So let me just dispense off the top with their argument, such as it  is, about the so-called DACA recipients.   No one is eager to deport 690,000 illegal immigrants who are here  mostly through no fault of their own. They were left in legal limbo by  President Obama, and everyone wants to find a good, durable, long-term  solution.   But if we are going to give legal status to these illegal immigrants  in their twenties and their thirties, we have to recognize that there  are going to be negative side effects.   First, we are going to encourage parents from around the world who  live in poverty and oppression and war to illegally immigrate to our  country with small children. What could be more dangerous and even  immoral than that?   Second, we are going to create a whole new category of Americans who  could get legal status for their extended family, to include the very  parents who brought them here in violation of our laws. We often hear  that children ought not pay for the crimes of their parents. That may  be so, but surely parents can pay for the crimes of the parents. They  are the ones who created the situation in the first place.   I offered legislation with Senator Perdue earlier this year called  the RAISE Act. It had many features in it to replace unskilled and low- skilled immigration with high-skilled immigration, to limit chain  migration, to reform our refugee program, and to eliminate our  diversity lottery. This Congress needs to take up our legislation and  pass it. But today I want to focus on chain migration in particular  because chain migration is one of the biggest categories of immigration  that bring unskilled and low-skilled workers to this country to compete  for jobs and drive down the wages of working Americans.   Did you know that once you have legal status in this country, once  you have a green card and become a citizen, you can bring to this  country not only your spouse and your unmarried minor children but your  adult children and their spouses and their children and your adult  brother and your adult sister and your parents and their siblings--and  it goes on and on and on. That is why it is called chain migration.   Our legislation would put a halt to chain migration. It is a kind of  downpayment on long-lasting legal immigration reform, in addition to  things like strengthening E-Verify, improving security at our border,  and Kate's Law, named in honor of Kate Steinle, as we heard Chairman  Grassley outline earlier today.   We are also pairing those provisions with a bill that Democrats and  Republicans should support, the BRIDGE Act. The idea of this bill is  simple enough--that everyone who has a DACA card gets 3-year  provisional status. That gives them certainty without giving them  permanent residency or citizenship, which I think sounds pretty  reasonable. I know the Democrats agree with me, too, because earlier  this year they were calling for passage of the BRIDGE Act. The BRIDGE  Act is supported by Members of both parties, as Chairman Grassley  outlined, including many prominent Democratic Senators--both Senators  from California, the senior Senator from Florida, the junior Senator  from New York, even the minor leader and the minority whip. In fact,  the minority whip called the BRIDGE Act a bipartisan breakthrough.   If the Democrats were to oppose our legislation today, the SECURE  Act, the question would be, Why? Well, I think I know what they might  say. They might say: Oh, those terrible Republicans have added a bunch  of terrible Republican ideas to this bill. Let me just ask, which of  these provisions are so terrible? That we secure our border? Countries  have borders, and those borders have to be secure. Is it terrible that  we stop unscrupulous employers from hiring illegal immigrants by  strengthening E-Verify? When people say that E-Verify doesn't work,  what they mean is--E-Verify works. What they mean is that they want  employers  [[Page S7839]]  to be able to hire illegal immigrants, to take jobs away from Americans  and pay them submarket wages.   What about discouraging illegal and highly dangerous border  crossings?   To get back to chain migration, do we really want a system in which  green cards are given out by random chance? Because that is what we  have not just in the diversity lottery but through chain migration.  Today, you can get a green card in this country simply because someone  in your extended family happened to immigrate to this country 20 or 30  or 40 years ago, irrespective of your ability to stand on your own two  feet in our economy, to get a job and pay taxes and not take welfare,  to assimilate into our culture.   Shouldn't we have an immigration system that focuses on the needs of  America's workers and the American economy, not one that gives out  green cards by random chance the way we have today? Shouldn't we be  focused on the jobs and the wages of American citizens? After all, they  are who elected us to come here to represent their interests.   I don't think this is unreasonable, and, frankly, I don't think the  Democrats do either. They have supported the BRIDGE Act. They have  supported reform of other immigration programs--temporary visas-- because they worry about the impact of immigration on lower wage, blue- collar workers.   Now, the Republicans have stepped up and done exactly what the  Democrats have said they wanted: We have offered a real, long-term  solution for persons who have received a DACA work permit. All we are  asking for in exchange are commonsense reforms to prevent another  situation, like the one happening now, in the future. So it is time for  Democrats and Republicans to come together and support this bill.   If you are serious about helping these DACA permit recipients, you  should vote for this bill now. It is good for those DACA recipients, it  is good for American workers, it is good for our communities, and it  will be a good first step toward lasting pro-American, pro-worker  immigration reform.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   