 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Walker for arranging  this Special Order.   Looking ahead, H.R. 850, the Agency Accountability Act, would be a  game changer for government run amuck. In 2015, Federal agencies  collected over $530 billion--that is billion dollars--in fees, fines,  and other revenue independent of the appropriations process.    Article I, section 9, clause 7 of the Constitution grants Congress  the power of the purse. This assigns to Congress the role of final  arbiter of the use of public funds. Allowing agencies to have slush  funds outside of the normal appropriations process is a recipe for bad  acting.   For instance, during the Obama administration, the Department of  Justice would send money collected through fees and settlements to  political activist groups aligned with the administration policies;  many times in contradiction to Congress' will. Nearly 15 percent of the  Department of Justice's entire budget is from alternative funding  sources, not Congress. However, DOJ isn't a lone wolf.   The Department of Labor has raised over $1.3 billion from fines and  fees and the Environmental Protection Agency collected over $600  million, just to name a few.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  yielding and allowing me to complete my remarks on this Special Order  organized by Congressman Walker.   As I was saying, if you recall the 2014 debate over funding for the  Department of Homeland Security, the Obama administration made it clear  that they would contravene the will of Congress with regard to  President Obama's amnesty order and would fund his amnesty program  using fines and fees.   The Department of Homeland Security had over $400 million that the  Department could spend outside of what Congress appropriated. It is  unacceptable for agencies to ignore the will of Congress by funding  programs outside of the typical appropriations process.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau gets all of its funding  outside of Congress through transfers from the Federal Reserve and from  fines imposed on financial institutions. The CFPB does not get one dime  appropriated from Congress, meaning they are not subject to  congressional oversight. When it comes to the CFPB, Congress has no  power of the purse to ensure that that agency is accountable to  Congress.   One of the top priorities in the Republican Better Way agenda is our  commitment to reclaim our Article I authority. The Agency  Accountability Act would direct all fines, fees, and settlements to the  Treasury, making them subject to the normal appropriations process.  This would end the unconstitutional slush funds that allow programs to  operate independently and outside the purview of Congress. Most  importantly, it would allow for Congress to fully account for how much  money the government actually collects and where that money is coming  from. The House should take up the Agency Accountability Act and pass  it.   Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding.   