 ``. . . to constitute tribunals inferior to the supreme  Court;   ``To define and punish piracies and felonies committed on the high  seas, and offences against the law of nations; . . .''    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Goodlatte for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 26, the REINS Act.  This bill is the beginning of making America great again. That is  because it puts Americans back in charge of the laws being imposed upon  them.   How does the legislation do that?   Under our Constitution, we have three branches. The executive branch  is supposed to enforce the law. The judicial branch is supposed to  resolve disputes arising under the law. The legislature--this House and  the Senate, the branch directly elected by the people--is supposed to  make the law.   Over the last decades, we have seen more and more of the lawmaking in  this country migrate to the unelected bureaucrats in the executive  branch. Those bureaucrats churn out regulation after regulation that  have the full force and effect of law. The problem with this setup is  that the people of this country are supposed to consent to laws being  imposed upon them. They do that through their elected representatives  in Congress. In short, this legislation goes to the heart of what self- rule is all about.   Let me be clear: this legislation does not end regulation. It is the  beginning of accountability for regulation. If there is a good  regulation that a Member believes makes sense and does not unduly  burden jobs and wages, that Member may vote to approve the regulation.  If the people that Member represents disagree, they get to hold him or  her accountable at the ballot box.   My colleagues across the aisle should not fear taking responsibility  for the laws and regulations coming out of Washington, D.C. Over the  last 7 years, Washington regulations have hurt many working families.  We have seen coal miners and power plant workers lose good jobs. We  have seen small, Main Street community banks and credit unions forced  into mergers. We have seen farmers worried about puddles on their  farms. We have seen people lose their health insurance and their  doctors, and we have seen the Little Sisters of the Poor have their  religious freedom threatened--all without the consent of the people.   It is time for the people, Mr. Chairman, to put the American people  back in charge and not the unelected bureaucrats. Let's take the power  away from Washington. Let's restore self-rule. Let's pass this bill.   Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have just tallied up the  number of jobs that would be created by passage of this legislation. I  did that by multiplying by eight the figure of 1,580, which is the  number of jobs lost due to government regulation in 2016. If I multiply  that eight times, I come up with 12,640 jobs. That is how many jobs  would be created by this legislation--a paucity.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.   