 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I am proud that the Senate voted to  reject an effort to overturn commonsense protections to reduce methane  waste. It was 3 years ago that satellite images from NASA revealed that  there is a giant cloud of methane--about the size of the State of  Delaware--sitting over the Four Corners region in Northwestern New  Mexico and Southwestern Colorado.   Although evidence had shown that there was methane air pollution in  the Four Corners as early as 2003, the image of NASA data is truly  striking. This is a warning of a potentially major threat to public  health for communities in the region.   The San Juan Basin in the Four Corners region has long been a leading  producer of oil and natural gas. With the natural gas boom of the mid- 2000s, production in the basin grew by leaps and bounds, and that  created hundreds of new high-paying jobs and a major new domestic  source of an important energy resource.   Unfortunately, amid all this growth, some producers developing  natural gas on our public lands and on Tribal lands released harmful  air pollution and wasted these publicly owned resources by allowing  methane to leak into the air from faulty equipment and pipes, and even  by burning off valuable natural gas in the process called flaring.   Following the discovery of the methane hotspot, researchers at NASA's  Jet Propulsion Laboratory joined Caltech and University of Michigan  scientists to conduct a detailed study into the cause of the methane  cloud. Some producers claimed that the hotspot was caused primarily by  natural seeps of gas from underground geologic formations and by gas  venting out from an old coal mine in the region.   The NASA researchers, using instrumentation mounted on aircraft that  flew close to the ground and throughout 1,200 square miles of airspace  in the Four Corners region, identified leaks from natural gas wells as  the major methane emitters contributing to the methane air pollution.   As greenhouse gas, methane has over 80 times the global warming  potential as carbon dioxide over the short term. We have a moral  obligation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to mitigate our  contributions to climate change.   Even absent its consequences for climate change, methane leaks waste  valuable energy resources, and they harm public health. When methane  leaks from oil and gas wells, harmful carcinogens such as benzene leak  into the air alongside it.   Because of the air pollution over the Four Corners region, the  American Lung Association gave San Juan County in New Mexico an F  rating for ozone pollution in 2016. That means children suffer more  asthma attacks and seniors have more difficulty breathing.   I want it to be clear that this is not a case of pitting development  of our energy resources against human health. We have a golden  opportunity to apply innovative, existing technologies to this problem,  grow our economy, and improve air quality for the people of the Four  Corners region. That is because minimizing the amount of methane that  leaks, vents, or flares out of the oil and gas wells isn't just good  for air quality, it is good for business and the bottom line.   When oil and gas companies modernize their equipment to reduce leaks,  they are able to capture more gas that they can sell, as well as  increase worker safety at their wells. When we capture more gas, that  also means we see more royalties and revenues for States, Tribes, and  local communities. By updating oil and natural gas production equipment  and infrastructure to reduce wasted natural gas, we create new jobs for  energy workers and manufacturers.   When we reduce wasteful leaks, it means that instead of having a  giant methane cloud over the northwest corner of New Mexico and over  the Navajo Nation--a major public health hazard--we put our publicly  owned natural gas resources to beneficial use. That is the definition  of a win-win situation.   I say all this because that is exactly what the Bureau of Land  Management's methane waste prevention rule is designed to do. These  commonsense and cost-effective protections in the rule were put in  place to reduce harmful methane and benzene pollution and to ensure  that oil and gas operations are using technological advances that  minimize emissions and maximize the amount of natural gas we produce.   Between 2009 and 2015, the BLM estimates that oil and gas producers  on our public and Tribal lands vented, flared, and leaked 462 billion  cubic feet of methane. They wasted enough natural gas to supply over 6  million American households for a year. Instead of heating our homes or  fueling powerplants, powering buses, that gas was leaked into the  atmosphere, wasting millions of dollars of this limited resource.   It is estimated that the oil and gas industry wastes about $100  million worth of natural gas every year. That also means $6 million  each year of lost State revenue, revenue that pays for schools, roads,  and emergency services in New Mexico. That is quite a figure.   A recent report found that New Mexico taxpayers have lost out on over  $42 million of royalty revenues since the year 2009--$42,728,949 to be  exact. The BLM's methane waste prevention rule will help put a stop to  this wasted resource.   While developing the rule, the BLM held public meetings, it held  Tribal consultations, and it factored in feedback from over 300,000  comments submitted during the public comment period. The agency also  coordinated with States like Colorado, Wyoming, and North Dakota that  have already created similar protections to reduce methane leaking and  flaring at the State level.   The BLM rule will have minimal costs for oil and gas producers, and,  in fact, leak detections and repairs required by the rule will help  companies make more money selling the gas that they save. Meanwhile,  this rule will grow our economy by investing in innovative companies  that have developed the technologies to minimize leaks and protect our  public health. This rule should not have been controversial.   The overwhelming majority of my constituents in New Mexico support  reducing wasted natural gas. A recent poll by Colorado College  conducted after the election found that 74 percent of New Mexicans  support the BLM's methane waste reduction rule.   I am proud that enough Senators shared that view and voted to reject  an attempt to repeal this commonsense protection of public health, air  quality, and responsible development of our natural resources. There is  nothing conservative about making it easier to waste a precious public  energy source.   We should be focused on reducing waste, capturing critical royalties  for New Mexico communities, and putting our natural gas resources to  beneficial use. This repeal effort of the methane rule would have  represented a major step backward.   Today's vote was a major victory for responsible development of our  natural gas resources and our Nation's decades-long commitment to  protect the air we breathe. On behalf of my constituents and theirs, I  want to say a special thank-you to all 51 Senators who supported our  efforts today. Thank you very much.   Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   