 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, local communities that have the most at  stake when it comes to the forest in their backyards deserve their  voices to be heard. As someone who lives in a national forest and has  worked to review and provide feedback on proposed forest plans, I can  assure you that these documents that guide the direction of individual  national forests for years are, in fact, a major Federal action.   My firsthand experience is why I propose that we strike the language  of section 801 of the bill before us. Section 801 proposes that forest  plans not be considered major Federal actions under the National  Environmental Policy Act of 1969. If this were to become law, local  input would be reduced. We should be looking for ways to increase local  buy-in, not undermine it.   In addition, section 903 proposes to modify the determination of  extraordinary circumstances so wilderness protections and the  protections of the Endangered Species Act do not have to be considered.  This is a dangerous provision and allows our bedrock environmental laws  to be ignored.   My commonsense amendment would simply remove these concerning  sections that allow bureaucrats to make major decisions without  considering all the facts. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all my colleagues  to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the fact that there are  many items within the bill that do allow for the issues to be  addressed. But taking this part of the bill and understanding that,  when our national forest plans are put forward, we are part of it--I  live in the national forest. I have watched three fires outside my  front window. I have lived through watching, time and time again, the  ramifications of not addressing these issues appropriately.   I was co-chair of the Arizona Forest Health Oversight Committee for  3\1/2\ years and have been addressing forestry issues for 20 years. Mr.  Chair, I just simply believe that, when it comes to wilderness areas  and other areas of major concern, we should not disregard it.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill it or send it back to committee. If adopted, the  bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, schools and counties across rural America are facing a  funding and economic crisis. It has now been over 2 years since  Congress has failed to reauthorize the Secure Rural Schools program.  This is beyond unacceptable.   Schools and counties across rural America are facing a funding and  economic crisis, and the reauthorization of the Secure Rural Schools  and Community Self-Determination Act will go a long way to helping  ensure children get the education they need to achieve success in  today's economy.   Across my district, I have heard families, teachers, and school  administrators in forest counties tell me about the dire straits  schools will be in if SRS is not reauthorized.   In Greenlee County, in eastern Arizona, the school superintendent  shared with me that if the county doesn't see SRS dollars, they will  have to close the school that provides special education services. This  is after the school has already gone through major changes to save  money.   Across rural Arizona, schools face issues with access to technology  and the educational opportunities that came with them. Reauthorizing  Secure Rural Schools will allow more schools to develop innovative  educational opportunities.   In Yavapai County, where they are using distance learning, schools  can share teachers. Making sure that students don't miss opportunities  because they live in rural America is the right thing to do, and  reauthorizing SRS will better enable coordination and support for  students.   Mr. Speaker, the people of rural Arizona and America are tough and  innovative, but the simple fact is that they need resources to keep  schools open and educate children. It is past time that we reauthorize  SRS, and I call on my colleagues to do so today.   Across rural America and rural Arizona, the need for infrastructure  is only growing. In Gila County, a bridge is needed to make it safer  for residents to cross a creek. SRS funding would make it possible for  the county to make a greater contribution to get the project completed.   If we are serious about passing a bipartisan infrastructure plan, it  is critical that we make sure that local communities can begin  planning. Reauthorizing SRS would allow that to happen.   Nationally, there are 720 counties and 4,400 school districts that  depend on Secure Rural Schools for education, as well as other critical  services and programs, like law enforcement and infrastructure.   Rural America is ready for a renaissance, but for it to happen, we  need to make sure that folks have equal access to opportunities in  school and in the workforce. That means that we need to guarantee that  schools have the resources that they need to educate our children and  achieve their potential. That means we need to make sure that  communities have infrastructure that supports local economies and keeps  people safe. That means we need to make sure that rural Americans have  a fair shot.  [[Page H8360]]    Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to support my commonsense  amendment on behalf of kids across rural America.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   