 Mr. Speaker, I would just briefly remind my  colleague on the other side that this does not establish the death  penalty for an attempted murder, as was just stated. There must be an  underlying capital crime for which the defendant is convicted. That is  what this bill does, and nothing more.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Poe).    Mr. Speaker, I would just rise, once again,  to correct my colleague. It is an aggravating factor that is to be  considered by a jury as one of many factors postconviction.   So what you are saying is not 100 percent accurate. We can engage in  semantics, but we will agree to disagree on that point.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs.  Roby).    Mr. Speaker, I rise again to correct my  colleague. I guess we can do this all day, but I do actually have a  copy of the criminal code in front of me, and I would refer him to 18  U.S.C. section 3591(b)(2), where it lists very specifically and  expressly that attempts to kill are listed in the sentence of death.   I refer you to that provision, and it is not mandatory. The jury can  determine whether the aggravating factors outweigh the mitigating  factors, or in the absence of any mitigating factors, whether the  aggravating factors alone justify a death sentence.   So I feel that we are engaging in an exercise of semantics, but it is  important that we don't misportray what this bill would accomplish and  what it would do.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Gaetz).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   There are two important very brief points for correction. I respect  the gentlewoman from Texas, but she just suggested to us that this  would be a duplicative law; thus, unnecessary because, as she cited the  Federal criminal code, she says that law enforcement officers are  already covered by the law.   However, I would refer her attention to 18 U.S.C. Section  3592(c)(14), and then subsection (d), where it clearly says in a  capital letter, ``a Federal law enforcement officer.''   So it is important to note that the existing Federal law does not  cover State and local officers, which this bill would and, thereby, is  one of the things that necessitates this action.   Also, I want to point out, respectfully, that that same criminal  code--just one-page later in section 3593, also in title 18, subsection  (f)--says: ``Special Precaution to Ensure Against Discrimination.''   We know that Federal law already provides that a jury must  specifically find that a defendant's race, color, sex, religion,  national origin, or that of the victim, is not a factor in their  decision.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Murphy).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Lamborn).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I am honored to speak on the floor today not only in  support of H.R. 115, the Thin Blue Line Act, but also in honor of all  of our brave men and women who put their lives on the line every single  day to keep our communities safe.   I am the son of a first responder myself. My father was critically  injured and permanently disabled in the line of duty. I know these  sacrifices very well.   This country owes our law enforcement officers an extraordinary debt  of gratitude for the many services they provide. Our Nation simply  would not be what it is today were it not for the sacrifices of all  those who take the oath to protect and to serve us.   The Thin Blue Line Act is simple: It seeks to expand on certain  penalties to also include the murder or targeting of a State or local  law enforcement officer.   Virtually every American--anyone of good conscience--is shocked and  disgusted by the recent trend of our local law enforcement heroes being  targeted for violent acts.   I am sad to report that, in my home State of Louisiana, we have been  named the most dangerous State in America for law enforcement officers.  It is shocking. It is true. It saddens all of us. The Thin Blue Line  Act is a commonsense response to this epidemic that we are seeing  across the culture.    We thank and we stand with our first responders back home in  Louisiana and all across our Nation. Those dedicated public servants  never question and never hesitate in the face of danger. As many people  have analogized this, we consider them our sheepdogs. They protect our  communities from the wolves of our society who prey upon the innocent.   To honor those sacrifices, I am proud, today, to support this  legislation on the House floor.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Mr. Speaker, we have heard many arguments from the other side of the  aisle in opposition to this legislation. Of course, they began by  saying how much they support the men and women of law enforcement. But  let's consider these arguments and decide for ourselves in closing  here.   First, we heard that the legislation is duplicative. It is not. In  fact, it closes a loophole that currently exists in Federal law. There  is currently no provision in our Federal law stating that the killing  of a State or local law enforcement officer shall be an aggravating  factor for capital punishment.   Next, we heard that this legislation is unnecessary. It is not,  unless you believe that State and local law enforcement officers are  not somehow entitled to the same legal protections currently enjoyed by  Federal officers. That is what this legislation would correct.   A third argument we heard is that this is a messaging bill. It is  clearly not that. Though it may be true that this provision would apply  in a limited number of cases because the vast majority of capital cases  are prosecuted at the State level, this bill inserts a provision in  Federal law that will be vitally important in the cases where it would  be applicable, such as in the Boston bombing.   On that point, Mr. Speaker, my colleagues have noted that Federal law  already contains provisions to ensure criminals who carry out heinous  acts such as the Boston terrorism attacks are dealt with appropriately.  That is, of course, true, but saying that ignores the suffering of  families of fallen police officers who have lost their lives rushing to  aid after such an attack.   It also ignores the sacrifice of law enforcement officers themselves,  for example. Officer Sean Collier of the MIT Police Department is one  example. He was murdered by the Tsarnaev brothers during their flight  following their horrific act.   In fact, Mr. Speaker, what these arguments reveal is simply that our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle oppose this bill because it  amends a Federal death penalty statute.   We would point out, in response to the letter that was just entered  into the Record, that we have received support letters that are already  in the Record from numerous law enforcement organizations, including  the Fraternal Order of Police, the Major County Sheriffs of America,  the National Association of Police Organizations, and the Sergeants  Benevolent Association of the NYPD, among many, many others across the  country who believe that this is an appropriate step for us to take  today.   In light of all that, Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to  reject the arguments of the other side, to support the men and women  who comprise the thin blue line between order and chaos in our society,  and to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired.   Pursuant to House Resolution 323, the previous question is ordered on  the bill, as amended.   The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill.   The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was  read the third time.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill.   The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that  the ayes appeared to have it.   