 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Georgia and my  colleague from Colorado for their comments--and the future comments of  some of my colleagues who are in the class of 2014.   Ladies and gentlemen, I want to talk a little bit about facts and  fiction and some of the things we will observe here. In fact, I think  probably the Kennedy Center is the only place you can go to see a  bigger theatrical performance than what you are going to see on this  floor over the next couple of weeks, because they are simply not  consistent with what we are trying to do here, and I want to talk a  little bit about it. Let's start with some of the fiction.   I was just presiding before I came off the dais about 30 minutes ago,  and I heard a 30-minute speech from someone who said that they haven't  seen the bill, said that it had been passed in the dark of night, that  it is not being discussed in committee. But then they went on to have a  30-minute description of why the bill is bad   How could you not have seen something and have such a definitive  position on the provisions of the bill? To me, it is just curious.   Here is something that is even more curious. There are so many  Members--many of them friends--on the other side of the aisle who are  simply making a false claim that we are somehow going to raise taxes on  working families, the middle class. Why would that make sense? What on  Earth would the voters of the United States and my voters in North  Carolina do to me next year if I came out and declared victory because  I raised taxes on middle-income and working families? It doesn't make  sense, and it has been proven to be false.   The Washington Post has a rating system they use. They call it the  Pinocchio system. One Pinocchio means you are probably stretching the  truth a little bit; four Pinocchios means there is not a shred of truth  in what you are saying. These claims about raising taxes on working  families and middle-income families earned four Pinocchios; they are  fiction.   What we are trying to do is provide a tax break to the people who  need it the most--to the people who are trying to pay their bills,  struggling to go to school, actually struggling just to pay the rent.  That is what this tax bill is about. This tax cut is about getting the  economy back on track so that we can also drive up wages.   Not only do we want to provide you with more money in your pocketbook  and in your wallet at the end of the month by reducing your tax burden,  but we also want to make it more likely that you are going to make more  money, you are going to get a better job, and you are going to have  more income at the end of this process. I firmly believe that it will  work.   Let's talk about the facts of this plan. The facts are that we have  to have tax relief. We have one of the highest corporate tax rates in  the world. There is no way the greatest economy that has ever existed  should  [[Page S7237]]  be one of the least welcoming and least hospitable to job growth. That  is why we have to reduce the corporate tax rate.   We also have to reduce the tax rate on small businesses. Eighty  percent of all jobs created in North Carolina are created by small  businesses. The people whom the gentleman from Colorado referred to as  ``the rich people'' are small business owners who actually file their  taxes through their individual income. So perhaps they have a fair  amount of revenue, but a lot of it has to go to pay for the business,  and a little bit is left behind for them and their families and their  employees. We have to reduce the tax burden on small businesses so that  they can create more jobs and, hopefully, some day, become very large  businesses--hopefully, corporations--creating more and more jobs and  more opportunities for more workers.   At the end of the day, the middle-income tax break is going to be  somewhere between $1,500 and $2,000 a year. It will vary a little bit  from State to State, but that is a lot of money in these very difficult  times. More important than that are the opportunities that will be  created through economic growth. That is what I will leave you with. I  have seen this happen.   First, I have seen the false claims before. They were waged against  me when I was the speaker of the house in North Carolina, and we had  the courage in the middle of a fiscal crisis to cut taxes and grow  jobs. We had all the liberal media, and we had some of my good friends  on the other side of the aisle whom I agreed with on many other issues  but who disagreed with us on tax reform. But in North Carolina, no one  is complaining about the tax reform results. In fact, we have one of  the fastest growing State economies in the United States today, after  being in the fourth quartile just 5 or 6 years ago. We have seen our  median incomes go up, and we have seen a number of people lifted out of  poverty at high levels. I know it works.   It is not easy, but it is a promise we made to the American people  last year, and it is a promise we are going to keep--this Congress is  going to keep--in the coming weeks. When we do this, then we can start  working on an economy that can pay down the debt and make sure that  these young people who are pages here and the young people here in the  gallery right now--you may not know this, but you owe about $70,000, on  average, to the Federal Government. That is your share of the national  debt. I don't want you to have to pay it back.   I want an economy that is growing, that can ultimately resolve our  debt problem. But you can do it only by producing growth, you can do it  only by becoming economically competitive, and you can do it only by  lifting the tax burden on businesses and working families so that money  can flow back through the private economy and out of the coffers in  Washington.   I thank my colleagues for their hard work on this bill. I look  forward to voting for the bill. I know it is going to produce a result  because I have seen it produce a result in my experience as speaker of  the house. It will work for America. It will be one of the great things  we are going to do in this Congress.   At this point, again, I thank my colleagues. I am going to pass it  off to the Senator from Louisiana, Mr. Kennedy.   