 Mr. President, we are coming to the conclusion of weeks  now of debate on the nominee to be the Attorney General of the United  States, and we still have other debates to have on other people before  this process ends. In fact, somebody observed this week that you have  to go back to the very founding of the government, to the first  administration of George Washington, to find a time when it has taken  longer to put a Cabinet in place, and George Washington only had to  find four people in a government that was just trying to establish  itself. But we are taking a maximum amount of time on a Cabinet and a  Presidential nomination that usually happen quickly.   There has traditionally been an understanding in our country that  when the President is elected--the importance of the President being  able to put his stamp on the government as quickly as possible. And  eventually we will be able to say his or her stamp on the government.  But up until now, Presidents have had that opportunity. I read  somewhere that from President Garfield right after the Civil War  through Franklin Roosevelt, that Cabinets--those were put in place in  the first days of every one of those administrations, often even the  very first day.   What we have seen in this debate is also the questioning of people's  motives, not just their decisions. I don't quote Vice President Biden  often, but one of the quotes I have heard him give often and one I have  agreed with in all my time here is that it is appropriate to question  somebody else's decisions in public debate, particularly when you are  debating your colleagues, who have also been elected to these jobs as  well, but it is frankly not appropriate to question their motives. When  we start doing that, that is always a mistake.   When I was the whip in the House, I used to tell freshman Members of  the House: You are going to enjoy this opportunity and be better at it  while you are here if you can vigorously fight for what you are for but  if you will also believe that in virtually 100 percent of  [[Page S948]]  the cases, the person on the other side of that debate is as well  motivated and as genuine as you are. You can be wrong and not be evil.  You can be wrong and not be badly motivated.   You know, elections do have consequences. Every person we are talking  with on this floor in this debate was elected to the Senate.   I think Senator Sessions will be confirmed Attorney General, so  sometime later this week, one of our number will have been appointed to  this job. But these are people who come to this process as the  Constitution determines, and they serve here as representatives of both  the State they represent and the Constitution and what it stands for.   In the case of Senator Sessions, we have a colleague who has been  here for 20 years. Anybody who has been here less than that served  every day of their time in the Senate with Senator Sessions. People who  have been here longer than that have served all 20 years with Senator  Sessions. I don't know how you can do that and not see the quality he  brings to that job every day.   He and I have not always voted the same. In fact, there is probably  no Member here with whom I have always voted the same. But he comes  with a background of integrity.   He started as an Eagle Scout. I think he was a Distinguished Eagle  Scout. I am not even sure I know the difference between an Eagle Scout  and a Distinguished Eagle Scout; I thought all Eagle Scouts were  distinguished. But starting even then, Jeff Sessions has always stood  out a little above the crowd.   He has four decades of public service. In 1975, he became an  assistant U.S. attorney in the Southern District in Alabama. Half a  dozen years after that, he became the U.S. attorney in that district.  He held that job for 12 years until he became the attorney general of  Alabama. People trusted him to take that those responsibilities. In  1997, as I said, he came to the Senate.    He has been a senior member of the Judiciary Committee for some time  now. He has worked across party lines, and he has done that in fights  for justice and fights on behalf of the victims of crime and, frankly,  on more than one occasion, fights to be sure that those accused of  crimes also had their day in court, and after they had their day in  court, it was Senator Sessions who was instrumental in leading the  fight for the Fair Sentencing Act.   Senator Sessions was very involved in the Paul Coverdell act for  forensic sciences to be sure that the evidence that was in court would  be unassailable to every extent possible. He has been vigorous in  wanting to be sure those accused of crimes had justice, as well as  those who were the victims of crime.   When I came to the Senate, Senator Coons and I--a Democrat from  Delaware and a good friend of mine. I am thinking about him in this  week that his father passed away. When we came to the Senate 6 years  ago, we formed the Law Enforcement Caucus. Senator Sessions was a great  supporter of that effort.   When we were able to reauthorize in the last Congress the Victims of  Child Abuse Act--this is a law that provides Federal assistance to  locations in virtually every State--22 in the State of Missouri--where  kids who have been the victims of crime or a witness to crime have a  place to go and get the information out of their lives that needs to  get away from them so they can get on to the next thing that happens, a  law that protects our most vulnerable children and is designed to hold  the perpetrators of crimes on those children or crimes those children  witness--allows that to be dealt with in the right way. Senator  Sessions was a great advocate for that.   He has been endorsed by the major law enforcement associations of the  country, as well as many of his colleagues. The law enforcement  associations that say Jeff Sessions would be a good Attorney General  are the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Sheriffs' Association,  the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the Major Cities  Chiefs Association, the Major Counties Sheriffs' Association, and the  list goes on.   Then you get to the victims of crime groups who have endorsed Senator  Sessions.   Five former U.S. Attorney Generals and one former FBI Director are on  that list. They are saying that Jeff Sessions would be a good person-- in the case of five of them--to hold the jobs they held, and they know  more about that job than any of us do: Michael Mukasey, Alberto  Gonzales, John Ashcroft, Bill Barr, Ed Meese III. All, along with FBI  Director Louis Freeh, have endorsed Jeff Sessions for this job.   There has been some discussions of his relationship with African  Americans. We have African-American endorsements from his State but  also from the former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice; our  colleague Tim Scott, who will be here later this afternoon, and I  intend to be here for his remarks; and Larry Thompson, the former  Deputy Attorney General. These are people who know Jeff Sessions and  know what he has to offer to that job.   It is a job of great responsibility. Seldom will we as Senators have  an opportunity to confirm someone to that job or any other job that we  know as well as Senator Sessions. We know his family. We know his  recent addition of twin grandchildren to his family just a little over  a year ago. We know how much he cares about them. We know the moments  that he has reached out to each of us as we have had challenges or  things we needed help with.   I think he will do a great job as Attorney General. I believe that  will happen later today. I think the country and the Attorney General's  office will be in good hands late today when Jeff Sessions undoubtedly,  I am confident, becomes the Attorney General.   I look forward to that vote later today and then getting on to the  next nominee, Dr. Price, whom I served with in the House. Any  discussion that there have not been ideas that were alternatives to the  Affordable Care Act--people just have not been paying attention to Dr.  Tom Price all the time he has been in the Congress or as budget  director and haven't paid attention to him as a practicing physician.  He is another great nominee at a time when we really need to set a new  course.   We are going to see that happen in both the Attorney General's office  and at HHS, and I look forward to what we do as those move forward.   I also look forward to what may not be the official maiden speech but  what I think will be the first speech on the floor for our new  colleague, John Kennedy.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Louisiana.   