 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Whether it is turning on the light above the kitchen table in a home  or powering heavy machinery in a factory, the American people expect  there to be reliable and affordable energy to power their lives and our  economy. That is why it is important that we take advantage of all  forms of American-made energy.   According to Department of Energy estimates, there are more than  50,000 suitable nonpowered dams across the country that collectively  have the technical potential to add 12 gigawatts of hydropower  capacity. To put that in context, that is the same potential capacity  as two dozen coal-fired power plants.   Back home in Indiana, there are six nonpowered dams located in the  Eighth District that could benefit from an expedited permitting process  that promotes hydropower generation and provides quality Hoosier jobs.   Unfortunately, unnecessary government red tape is preventing us from  taking advantage of clean, renewable energy from hydropower at existing  nonpowered dams. The current regulatory process simply takes too long,  taking up to a decade to approve a project, which stifles the  investment needed to bring additional capacity at existing dams online.   We have the opportunity to change this with H.R. 2872, the Promoting  Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act. Specifically,  this legislation cuts through the red tape and instructs FERC to create  an expedited permitting process that will result in a final decision on  an application in just 2 years or less.   Streamlining the permitting process for qualifying nonpowered dam  projects represents an important first step in modernizing our existing  infrastructure. Additionally, it will incentivize investments in clean  hydropower development, allowing us to take advantage of an American  source of energy.   I applaud both sides of the aisle for their work to reach a  bipartisan solution, and I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2872.   