 Mr. President, I, too, support Wilbur Ross. I know him.  He lives in Palm Beach. I think he is a very good selection to be our  next Secretary of Commerce. He is certainly qualified to do this job.  He gave extensive answers during his confirmation hearing before the  Commerce Committee. He has accumulated significant experience in  dealing with the international business community, and he has detailed  to the committee--in our examination of him, he detailed many of his  ideas.   There have been some questions that have been raised about some of  his business ties, particularly involving some of his foreign  activities. One example is the Bank of Cyprus, which has significant  levels of Russian investment. In the wake of the former National  Security Advisor, General Flynn's resignation and under the overhanging  question of the unlawful Russian involvement in a U.S. election, I  certainly thought that it was prudent to get Mr. Ross's assurances on  this matter in his dealings with the Bank of Cyprus and certain  Russians who were involved in the Bank of Cyprus, so on February 16, I  sent him a letter, along with four other members of the Commerce  Committee, requesting information on any contact Russian investors in  the Bank of Cyprus may have with officials from the Trump campaign or  the Trump organization. I have spoken with Mr. Ross on at least two  occasions since sending him the letter, one of those being today. He  has verbally reiterated to me that he only had one meeting,  approximately an hour, with one of the bank's Russian investors and  that it occurred in 2014. The timing is important--2014--because that  was before the Presidential campaign. He also assured me that he knows  of no loans or interaction between the bank and anyone affiliated with  the Trump campaign or organization.   Mr. Ross has been forthcoming with me, and I believe him in what he  has told me, that it is true to his belief. But I want to say that at  the same  [[Page S1435]]  time, the White House and the way they have handled this matter is not  doing Wilbur Ross any favors. There are a number of Senators on the  Commerce Committee who are extremely troubled and frustrated that the  White House has chosen to sit on Mr. Ross's written response to the  questions I and other Senators have posed, and they have refused to  provide them to the Senate prior to tonight's vote. This is despite  repeated phone calls to the White House--repeated phone calls. It is  also despite repeated phone calls from me to Mr. Ross to ask him to get  the White House off the dime since he has told me he has already filled  out the answers in writing--they are just sitting in the White House.  So there is someone in the White House who is making the decision that  they don't want the Senate to have, in writing, what Mr. Ross has told  me verbally in a private conversation.   If that is any indication of the level of transparency Congress and  the American people can expect from this White House, then it appears  that there is going to be a lot left on the floor and there is going to  be the appearance of being in the dark on a lot of important matters.  That is not the way you do confirmations. You do it in a collaborative  fashion, especially when you have a good nominee like Wilbur Ross. The  President proposes, the Congress disposes. The President nominates, the  Congress confirms.   Not only is this lack of transparency unsettling, it is behavior that  everyone in this Senate should agree is unacceptable and should not be  tolerated. I do not want this to be taken out on Wilbur Ross because of  the administration's secretive behavior. Instead, as I said at the  outset, following my colleague, the chairman of the committee, I am  going to urge our colleagues to support his nomination, but the problem  is that Wilbur Ross is going to get fewer ``yes'' votes than if the  White House would release his written statements to all of those  Senators' questions.   As I said, I know Wilbur Ross. He is a good man. One of the reasons,  aside from this problem of communication with the White House, is that  Wilbur Ross brought forth candid answers about the work of the National  Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, NOAA. That agency, which is a  part of the Department of Commerce, impacts the daily lives of every  single American. NOAA provides the satellite data that is critical to  observing hurricanes and severe weather and everyday forecasts that we  have now come to rely on, that we pull up on our smartphones to find  out what the weather is going to be. Where do you think that comes  from? A lot of it comes from data from NOAA satellites.   Through the National Weather Service, NOAA provides the weather  forecasts that drive this economy, answering questions like whether a  farmer's crops are going to get rain today or warning of dangerous  tornadoes, particularly plaguing the State of the Presiding Officer. Of  course, we remember the ones that just devastated parts of Georgia and  Florida just a few weeks ago.   The National Ocean Service tells us if ships will have enough  clearance to get their cargo into a port on time because it often  depends on the tide as to how much depth there is with that heavy load  of cargo, if they can get in the channel.   NOAA also provides world-class science regarding atmospheric  conditions, including climate change and its impacts. My State of  Florida, the impacts of climate change--we are ground zero. It is not  unusual now that at seasonal monthly high tides, the streets of Miami  Beach are flooded, and city wellfields have now had to be moved further  to the west away from the Atlantic Ocean because of the rise of sea  level and therefore the saltwater intrusion into the freshwater  aquifer. Since 2006, Miami Beach has flooded significantly more often  than it used to. Rain-related flooding events in southeast Florida have  increased by 33 percent, and tide-related flooding has increased by a  whopping 400 percent. That is not good for business.   We simply cannot afford to deny what is happening. The impacts of  climate change are affecting Florida. They are also affecting a lot of  other places around the world, read: Bangladesh.   NOAA quite literally saves lives and property, so naturally I fully  expect any nominee for Secretary of Commerce to unequivocally support  the ability of the experts at NOAA to do what they do best: collect the  data, do the research, and provide critical products and services to  the public free from political interference and free from censorship.   The Department of Commerce has three Nobel laurate scientists who are  employees. While some of the nominees for other key administration  posts have either been less than forthright, less than committal, or  less than knowledgeable about the very real threat posed by climate  change, Wilbur Ross candidly and explicitly assured me during his  nomination hearing in our Commerce Committee that he believes--and I  will quote him--that ``science should be left to the scientists.'' I  urge his fellow Cabinet nominees to follow suit. Don't do what we have  seen--the intimidation techniques of saying that you can't use the term  ``climate change'' or ``sea level rise.'' Let the scientists do their  work. Wilbur Ross also assured me that he would work collaboratively  ``to address the impacts of changes in sea level and ocean temperatures  on coastal communities and fisheries.''    So I want to say to the Senate that I appreciate Wilbur Ross's  candor, his commitment, and his recognition that the important weather  and climate work being done in NOAA directly benefits commerce. I am  confident he is going to follow through.   I also want to thank him, at his age, for offering himself for public  service. This is a very schooled, experienced individual.   I hope this hiccup with the White House not being transparent and not  returning what he has already written as answers to the Senator's  questions--this problem--is going to disappear and, that rather than  hinder him, as they have, they will instead support him, as they  should.   For that reason, I am here to ask my colleagues to vote yes on Wilbur  Ross's nomination.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of  the floor be granted to Harry Knight, a detailee from the Department of  Commerce, during the pendency of the first session of the 115th  Congress.   