 Mr. Speaker, before we do, let me just  first say that today is Thursday. That means we all need to ask: Why do  Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner still have their security clearances?   But I digress. We are now going to read into the Congressional Record  outrageous and stupid things the President of the United States has  done or said, and then Representative Gallego is going to give you  Speaker Ryan's response. So I am going to start.   On May 11, Donald Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, and this is  what Donald Trump said:   ``Regardless of recommendation, I was going to fire Comey, knowing  there was no good time to do it. And, in fact, when I decided to just  do it, I said to myself, `You know, this Russia thing with Trump and  Russia is a made-up story.''    On May 16, it was revealed that Donald  Trump asked Director Comey to drop an investigation into General  Flynn's collusion with the Russians before he was fired.    Trump said to Comey: Flynn ``is a good guy. I hope you can let this  go.''    On May 22, Donald Trump confirmed he  leaked classified information to Russian officials at a meeting in the  Oval Office.    On July 17, Donald Trump defended his  son, Don, Jr., for holding a highly inappropriate and likely illegal  meeting with agents of the Russian Government.   Donald Trump said: ``Most politicians would have gone to a meeting  like the one Don, Jr., attended in order to get info on an opponent.  That's politics!''    On July 26, Trump announced a ban on  transgender Americans serving our Nation in uniform.   Let me just digress for a moment. Representative Gallego is a combat  veteran. I served on Active Duty. We know that to have our strong, all- volunteer military, the best in the world, we need to recruit the best  and the brightest. To discriminate against an entire class of people is  not only wrong, it is harming our military readiness.   This is what Donald Trump said: Our military ``cannot be burdened  with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in  the military would entail.''    And we are still waiting.   On August 8, Donald Trump reacted to escalating tensions with North  Korea by irresponsibly threatening military action.   Trump said: ``North Korea best not make any more threats to the  United States. They will be met with fire and fury like the world has  never seen.''    On August 16, Donald Trump repeatedly  refused to condemn a White supremacist rally in Virginia. Trump said:  ``I think there is blame on both sides. But you also had people that  were very fine people, on both sides.''    On September 5, Trump announced his  intention to terminate the DACA program, a move that will expose  800,000 undocumented young people, Americans in every respect except on  paper, to deportation from the United States.    On October 3, with millions in Puerto  Rico without electricity or basic necessities, Donald Trump  congratulated the people of the island on not losing hundreds of lives  like in ``a real catastrophe'' like Hurricane Katrina.   Despite massive flooding and overwhelming devastation, Trump called  his administration's response ``unbelievable'' and ``incredible.''   He attacked the mayor of San Juan and other local leaders who had  pleaded with his administration for additional resources. Trump even  criticized the brave people of Puerto Rico, claiming they are  ``throwing our budget out of whack.''   And I would just also note that Trump was kind enough to dedicate a  golf trophy cup to Puerto Rico.    Finally, beginning October 17, President  Trump repeatedly attacked one of our colleagues, Congresswoman Wilson  from Florida, and he essentially said that a Gold Star widow was lying.     Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative  Gallego. There are really only two choices here. Either all of us in  Congress can follow the leadership of Republican Senators John McCain,  Bob Corker, and Jeff Flake and tell the truth, or we can be complicit.   Senator Jeff Flake is unwilling to be complicit. We are unwilling to  be complicit.   And keep in mind, when Senator Bob Corker, who is not a flamethrower,  he is the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and he comes  out and says that he is concerned that the President of the United  States could lead us to world war III, Americans need to listen.   So we call on Speaker Ryan to not be complicit and enable the  reckless and dangerous behavior of our President, and that he have the  courage to stand up and tell the truth and to really make sure that our  President does not take our country off the rails.   