 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from  California for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 274, the  Modernizing Government Travel Act. This legislation is a bipartisan  effort that demonstrates a consensus amongst all of us that the Federal  Government has failed to keep pace with the technological advances and  innovation that have come to define the 21st century.   Despite the emergence of new technologies designed to improve the way  we travel, today, some Federal employees are unable to be reimbursed  for using more cost-effective, innovative modes of transportation when  traveling on official business.   Innovative ridesharing services supported by mobile apps have  dramatically changed how we get from one place to another. Now, with  just a few taps on a phone, we can access a variety of new  transportation options like rideshare, carshare, and bikeshare that  complement rapid transit, take more cars off our congested roads, and  reduce fuel emissions. According to a recent study, 52 percent of  people using transit for work-related travel chose to use ride-hailing  services and other innovative technologies.   While the General Services Administration allows agencies to  authorize the use of these transportation options by Federal employees,  it has not nor is it required by law to issue comprehensive guidance  across the Federal Government.   H.R. 274 would require the General Services Administration to  implement regulations to allow Federal employees to use transportation  options like rideshare and bikeshare for official travel. The GSA  Administrator would be required to submit annual reports to Congress on  the implementation of these regulations and the resulting amount of  government savings.   I want to thank my friend and colleague, Representative Hurd, for  working with me on this legislation, as well as Representatives  Swalwell, Issa, Meadows, and Bustos for their support. This is truly a  bipartisan effort that will increase the Federal Government's  engagement in the sharing economy while saving taxpayer dollars.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation.   