 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I  want to begin by thanking her for her extraordinary leadership on this  issue. From the very day that I arrived in Congress, she has been a  passionate, articulate, effective voice for working men and women and  for the impact that bad trade agreements have had on the economy of  this country and on her region, but on working families all across  America. She has done it consistently and relentlessly. It has been a  privilege to work with her, but I really do want to acknowledge her  extraordinary leadership and thank her for convening this Special Order  hour tonight.   As Ms. Kaptur mentioned, the consequences of bad trade agreements  have been felt by many regions throughout the country, but in my home  State of Rhode Island, as an example, we lost more than 41,000 jobs  since NAFTA was enacted. These are good wages. These are jobs that pay,  on average, above nonmanufacturing jobs--jobs that really help build  the economy of our State and of this country.   When President Trump was elected, as Ms. Kaptur mentioned, during the  course of his campaign he promised that he would do something different  with our trade deals. He promised hardworking Americans that he would  deliver results, but we are now 10 weeks into his Presidency, and we  have seen a lot of talk and no action on fair trade.   The President promised to label China a currency manipulator on day  one. He hasn't done that.   The President promised to use American steel for the pipelines. He  hasn't done that.   The President promised to make NAFTA work for American workers, but  as Congresswoman Kaptur mentioned, there is a leaked letter from the  White House that shows he is already looking to implement the same  failed policies that are good for corporate America and bad for  American workers.   The executive orders that President Trump signed failed to address  the real challenges that are facing hard working Rhode Islanders and  hardworking Americans.   Let's be very clear, Mr. Speaker, we don't need another report on  trade policy. We need concrete actions that create good-paying jobs,  that honor hard work with good wages and grow our economy. We need to  end incentives that encourage corporations to ship jobs overseas and  raise the Federal minimum wage. And while we should collect unpaid  penalties, that is only going to happen if the President takes real  action to clamp down on cheating, end job-killing trade deals, and  create new standards that benefit working Americans.    It already seems that President Trump's campaign promises to get  tough on trade were all bark and no bite. If President Trump does  indeed deliver on his promise to renegotiate NAFTA, any new agreement  must include strong labor and environmental standards, strong Buy  America provisions, prescription drug cost reductions, enforceable  currency manipulation standards, and other pro-worker, pro-consumer  requirements.   Mr. Speaker, there is a terrific publication that I know you are  aware of entitled ``The New Rules of the Road: A Progressive Approach  to Globalization,'' prepared by Jared Bernstein, who is a senior fellow  at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a former chief economist  and economic adviser to Vice President Biden; and Lori Wallach, a  lawyer and someone who has been director of Public Citizen's Global  Trade Watch since 1995.   It really sets forth the kind of principles that should guide a new  trade deal: that we need to ensure that, first of all, the way it is  negotiated ensures that it is going to benefit working men and women.  We cannot allow corporate elites to dictate how NAFTA is renegotiated.  The agreement could potentially become more damaging for working  families and for our environment in the countries that we work with. If  done wrong, it could increase job offshoring, push down wages, and  expand the special power and protections that NAFTA provides to  corporate interests that are reflected in the original deal.   What we have to ensure is that what President Trump doesn't do is  make a bad trade deal worse and pander to corporate and multinational  corporations and his sort of crony friends, and the process by which  this will be renegotiated will help to determine that. The provisions  that are in it need to be  [[Page H2682]]  guided by what is good for American workers and what is good to help  grow American jobs.   So not unlike so many other areas, it is disappointing because there  has been a lot of good rhetoric about this, but very little action by  the administration. I think we are all here tonight to participate in  this Special Order led by the gentlewoman from Ohio to let the  administration know that we are not going anywhere, that we are going  to demand that NAFTA be renegotiated, that it be a trade deal that  works for American jobs and American workers, and we are not going to  allow the President to simply use rhetoric but actually not do the hard  work to strike a better deal for American jobs and American workers.   I want to just end where I began, by thanking the gentlewoman for  yielding. This is an issue of tremendous importance to my home State,  where manufacturing is so important, the birthplace of the American  industrial revolution, and one of the reasons I continue to work hard  on the whole Make It In America agenda. We need to start creating  conditions for the creation of good manufacturing jobs here in America  so we can export American-made goods, not American jobs. I thank again  the gentlewoman for yielding.    Absolutely.   