 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Bishop). I know he has had a busy week, as I have, with  his district being affected by the storms. I certainly want to take a  second to thank America for their prayers and their support. It has  been overwhelming. A tremendous number of churches have opened their  doors, and there are volunteers out there helping people. I thank all  who have participated.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 538, the Ocmulgee  Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2017. I am  happy this legislation is being considered before the full House in  this Congress. I am hopeful we can reach an agreement with the Senate  to pass this legislation and have it signed into law.   For years, there has been a great effort to bring about increased  recognition of the enhanced cultural preservation of the Ocmulgee  National Monument. The Ocmulgee National Monument was originally  authorized by Congress in 1934 to protect the Old Ocmulgee Fields,  which includes a network of very well preserved Indian mounds of great  historical importance. The history of the fields can be traced back to  Native Americans who first came to the site during the Paleo-Indian  period to hunt ice age mammals.   The park is unique in that it vividly displays the story of many  stages of prehistoric cultural development, including the Mound Builder  period and highlights the important role of agriculture in the region.   I am proud to represent this area of middle Georgia along with  Congressman Sanford Bishop. Our offices have worked together, along  with many regional community partners, to advance this goal.   By expanding the current Ocmulgee National Monument area from 700  acres to just over 2,000 acres and redesignating the area as a national  historical park, the legislation will provide significant economic,  educational, and cultural benefits to middle Georgia. Additionally,  H.R. 538 will authorize a resources study for future further expansions  and include increased opportunities for hunting, fishing, camping, and  other recreational activities.   The expansion of the Ocmulgee National Monument area provides for  critical preservation of additional archaeological locations throughout  the Old Ocmulgee Fields. Because of its significant historical and  archaeological importance, the future Ocmulgee Mounds National  Historical Park must be preserved. The expanded park also will generate  additional tourism in middle Georgia while educating visitors on the  fascinating history of the many civilizations that have thrived in the  region. It should be noted that the property in the proposed expansion  area would be acquired only from willing donors or sellers, using  private funds, and that no Federal dollars will be used to achieve the  expansion.  [[Page H716]]    I want to take this time to thank Chairman Bishop and Ranking Member  Grijalva as well as all members of the House Committee on Natural  Resources for their work to bring this legislation to the floor today.   I want to close by noting that this legislation is a true example of  what can be achieved when a local community, State leaders, and the  Federal Government collaborate toward a worthy goal.   The Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act  was created from the ground up with many letters of support from the  Macon-Bibb area and well over 3,000 comments from individuals and  community groups in support of the expansion. Without this  collaboration at every level, none of this would be possible.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 538, the Ocmulgee  Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2017.   