 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to  5 minutes on the Hassett nomination.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss the nomination of Kevin  Hassett to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. Dr. Hassett  came through the Banking Committee with a mixed vote, not so much  because of him and his qualifications but because of some of his past  statements and because of the economic philosophy of the person who  nominated Dr. Hassett.   After meeting with him and being impressed with his integrity and  openness, I hope he will not forget where he came from. I hope he will  approach the job in a thoughtful way. I hope that he will stay grounded  in sound research and that he will be transparent about his methods. I  would caution him about embracing ideas about economic growth that are  not supported by empirical evidence. I hope his new colleagues will  listen to him.   For too long, our trade policy and tax policy have encouraged a  corporate business model that shuts down production in Hamilton or  Middletown or Mansfield or Toledo or Youngstown, gets a tax break,  cashes in a tax break, then moves production overseas and then to China  or Mexico, and then ships production back into the United States.  Fundamentally, that has become the business plan of far too many  companies--that sort of outsourcing.   I had a long discussion with Dr. Hassett about that. As I said, I  hope he remembers where he came from. He saw that happen as he was  growing up, if I recall, in western Massachusetts, where production was  shut down in his communities, moved overseas for production, and then  the goods were made overseas, and then sent back to the United States.   I am concerned about the White House in which he will work. I am  concerned that at that White House, it often looks like a retreat for  Goldman Sachs executives. The President's tax proposal benefits the  wealthiest Americans and the largest corporations. Its budget is based  on GDP predictions that are unrealistic. In fact, when it came to the  issue of Social Security solvency years ago, Dr. Hassett found a  sustained 3-percent growth rate too optimistic for planning purposes.  That is the same rate--that same rate is what the Trump budget uses to  gloss over its true costs.   I plan to support Dr. Hassett. I think he is an honorable man. I  disagree fundamentally on a lot of these issues. I again implore him,  as I cast my vote in support of him--because the President is entitled  to an adviser and to choose within a band, of course, of support from  whom he wants--but I am hopeful, especially, that Dr. Hassett remembers  what it was like when he grew up in Greenfield, MA. Greenfield is a  town not much different from my hometown of Mansfield, OH, where bad  tax policy and bad trade policy have dashed the dreams of far, far too  many people in those communities.   I count on Dr. Hassett to do the right thing. I am hopeful that he  will help President Trump see what these communities look like, not  from standing in a rally in front of thousands of people but by meeting  people and individually talking with them and understanding what  happens with the trade policy and the tax policy.  [[Page S5198]]    More trickle-down economics, more tax cuts for the rich are not the  ways to build an economy. We build an economy by building from the  middle class out. That means a tax system and a trade system that works  for Greenfield, MA, and works for Mansfield, OH.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   