 Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago, the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau implemented their most recent arbitration rule. While  this rule claims consumer protection, it does the very opposite. It  will cost Americans more of their hard-earned money and time.   The CFPB is arguably the most powerful and yet unaccountable  government agency in the history of this country. By intentional  design, the CFPB is not accountable to Congress or the taxpayer.   According to the D.C. Circuit, the unelected CFPB Director, Richard  Cordray, ``possesses more unilateral authority than any single  commissioner or board member in any other independent agency in the  U.S. Government.''   What does this mean exactly? Well, it means that no one is checking  the Director's actions. The CFPB is able to evade all limits and  restraints proposed by the government. Because of this, Director  Cordray is only looking out for one person--that is himself.   The CFPB chose to ignore their own study because the results did not  fit the narrative they were trying to impose on Americans. This study  showed that the average consumer receives $5,400--we have heard this  already--in cash relief when using arbitration, as opposed to an  inadequate $32 through class action suits.   In addition, the study concluded that the use of arbitration produced  a higher recovery rate and shorter timeline for the consumer, and that  is good. Regardless of this study, Director Cordray has refused to  acknowledge that taxpayers will feel the immediate damage that comes  from limiting their options by being forced to pay more for less.    Bottom line, this is just another example of overregulation by the  CFPB taking away the option of arbitration that will hurt all  Americans.   As a small business owner, I have gone both ways. Arbitration wins  every single time for those involved. It is called fairness.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative Keith Rothfus for leading the  way on this much-needed CRA. I encourage all my colleagues to join us  in repealing this harmful rule and ensuring the Bureau is not able to  issue any similar rule relating to arbitration.   In God We Trust.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Sherman), a senior member of the  Financial Services Committee and Foreign Affairs Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that nice  introduction, I thank him for what he is doing, and I thank him for  bringing rural America together tonight in the people's House.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize rural  America and the impact it has on our Nation. Rural America makes up 72  percent of our country's land, and roughly 46.2 million Americans  simply call it home.   Our country has been relying on rural America since the beginning. It  is where our roots are, where our values are, and where our heritage  began.   The 25th District of Texas, which I am honored to represent, has tens  of thousands of hardworking men and women who are employed in the  agricultural industry. These men and women make up a large driving  force that help supply our Nation's families with products we would be  unable to get otherwise.   But it is more than that. These folks instill values, such as hard  work, ethics, taking days on and not taking days off, doing the right  thing, and taking care of your neighbor. This is the fabric of our  Nation that is passed on from generation to generation.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight a few specific rural areas in  my district that are truly making a difference.   Located in Stephenville, Texas, the Tarleton State University's  Southwest Regional Dairy Center is a one-of-a-kind facility. This  establishment is home to hundreds of cows that are used for teaching  purposes, research for higher education, and directly contributes to  the dairy industry in Texas and all of the Southwest. I am proud to  represent this unique institution that not only provides goods to our  Nation, but also serves as a learning institute, so we can train the  dairy farmers of tomorrow.   I would also like to recognize the Comanche Peak Nuclear Power Plant,  located in rural Glen Rose, Texas. This power plant has been providing  reliable clean power to Texas' electric grid for almost 27 years.  Taking up approximately 10,000 acres of land, this plant can power  about 1.15 million homes. Their standard of quality is what has made  Comanche Peak one of the best nuclear power plants in the Nation, and I  am proud to represent it in our district.   It is because of rural places like these and the people that work  there that our country is able to run dependably and efficiently. It is  why America is the greatest country in the world. And we sometimes  think Texas might be the best place in America.   I applaud their efforts, and I look forward to continuing to  represent them here in the United States Congress. And I remind you  that you need to go see the 25th District. You are going to like it.   But the people in the 25th District just ask several things. They  just ask that we believe in the Constitution. They just ask that we  have a conscience. They just ask that we listen to them. And they also  just ask that we read the Bible. I am proud to represent the people in  the 25th District.   In God we trust.   