 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about one of the  greatest honors and privileges that we enjoy here in the Senate. As  outlined in article II, Section 2, of the Constitution, one of the real  honors of serving here in the Senate is the opportunity to offer advice  and consent for nominees to the U.S. Supreme Court.   This body has historically treated it in such a solemn manner that in  over 230 years of our history, no nominee to the Supreme Court has ever  been denied a seat through the use of a partisan filibuster.  Unfortunately, right now, Members--colleagues from the other side of  the aisle--are threatening that very precedent.   As I said on the floor earlier this year, President Donald Trump  promised the American people he would nominate an unwavering supporter  of the Constitution to fill the vacancy left by the late Justice  Scalia. This President has kept his promise. He has nominated somebody  who was actually confirmed here in the Senate not that long ago by a  voice vote by Members who are still here in the Senate, many of them.  This was a nomination to the Tenth Circuit, a role that this man, the  nominee, filled with great honor and much distinction.   Judge Neil Gorsuch's record of service lives up to the highest  standards for a Federal judge. His academic and legal records are  impeccable. He has demonstrated a keen understanding and appreciation  for the rule of law, and he spoke so articulately in hour after hour of  interrogation, actually, in his confirmation hearing just last week.  Most importantly, Judge Gorsuch has repeatedly demonstrated his  commitment to the Constitution and to our founding principles of  economic opportunity, fiscal responsibility, limited government, and  most important, individual liberty.   His testimony last week before the Senate Judiciary Committee was  masterful. It absolutely convinced me that he is the man for this job.  Judge Gorsuch listened to questions, carefully responded thoughtfully,  and he gave an indication into his own demeanor that he would use in  the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch listened to questions carefully over  and over. He illustrated the ability to show a balance of judgment,  which is what we look for in a lifetime appointment like this. He made  it abundantly clear that the role of the judicial branch is to  interpret--not to make law but to interpret the law.  [[Page S2080]]    In my own individual meeting with Judge Gorsuch, these same qualities  stood out. I was very impressed with his disarming nature and ability  to talk about issues without necessarily showing bias of his own  opinion. Because of all this, I know he will serve as a Justice in the  mold of Justice Scalia, that of a balanced judiciary member.   I should also point out that this is not a partisan view point.  Conservatives and liberals have come out in support of Judge Gorsuch's  confirmation over and over through the past week since his nomination.  Neal Katyal, who served as Acting Solicitor General under former  President Obama, as a matter of fact, has described Judge Gorsuch as  ``an extraordinary judge and man.''   The American Bar Association, which many members of this body hold as  a gold standard for judicial nominees, actually gave Judge Gorsuch its  highest rating--something they don't do very often. They did so  unanimously, by the way.   Those who know Judge Gorsuch best, regardless of their political  persuasion, have offered ample praise and abiding respect for this  well-qualified nominee.   If confirmed, I have full faith that Judge Gorsuch's rulings will be  just and rooted in the letter of the law.   This nomination and confirmation come at a time in the history of  this Republic when it is absolutely crucial that we have a balanced  jurist as the ninth member of the Supreme Court. Jonathan Turley,  constitutional law professor at George Washington University right here  in Washington, says that this past administration created a  constitutional crisis the likes of which our country has never seen.  Professor Turley talks about how a President has shown future  Presidents a new precedent of how to run the government without  Congress by blocking the Senate and actually creating the fourth arm of  government--the regulators.   This is a time we have to have a jurist who will bring a balanced  view for all Americans to be represented in the Supreme Court.   I am proud to have the opportunity to support this nominee. I urge my  colleagues in the Senate to put partisan interest aside, to put the  best interest of the country first, and to confirm Neil Gorsuch as the  next Justice of the Supreme Court.   I take this as a huge privilege to speak out today, and I will speak  more next week on the history of this nomination.   Thank you for the opportunity to speak.   I yield my time.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oklahoma.   