 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to display water  samples from the State of Montana on the Senate floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, today our friends across the aisle have  decided to hold up Senate committee meetings. Because the Democrats  object to the dismissal of James Comey from the FBI, they have chosen  to play politics and prevent scheduled hearings from occurring. That  means everyone who has taken time to fly to Washington, DC, to testify  before Congress--per our request--and update us on important issues  that face the Nation will not be heard.   One of those scheduled hearings is in the Energy and Natural  Resources Subcommittee on Water and Power, of which I am a member. This  hearing was going to investigate the Dry-Redwater and the Musselshell- Judith Rural Water Systems. This is a critically important issue to  Montana.   This hearing was going to focus on water from Circle, MT. These are  water samples from different families in the Circle, MT, area. This is  from the Arensons' tap. This yellow-tinted water here is from the  Goods' tap. This cloudy sample here is from the Hances' tap.   These are all from Circle, MT. This is from the Carlsons' tap. You  probably can't see it--perhaps on camera and on the floor--but there is  particulate in here, floating, something you wouldn't want to drink.  This is water from the Rosaaens' tap. These samples all came from a  small town in Eastern Montana, Circle, MT, and the image here to my  left is from Roundup, MT. This unacceptable, unclean tap water is in  the homes of Montanans and North Dakotans right now as we speak.   The mayor of Harlowton, MT, a town of about 1,000 in rural central  Montana, is here today to testify. I met with him just yesterday. He  came to our Montana coffee this morning. He spent over $1,000 on a  flight. He spent almost $600 on hotel accommodations, not to mention  the cost of other incidentals. Now the Democrats will not let him  speak.   Why? As the chairman of the Senate Western Caucus, it is shameful--as  other witnesses have flown and spent thousands of dollars--to prevent  improving water quality in our States. The Arizona witness, for  example, spent $2,400 and 3 days out of the office to come back and  testify today. The North Dakota witness spent $1,300.   Yes, the FBI needs to regain the trust of the American people. In  fact, Senator Schumer on November 2 said: ``I do not have confidence in  [Comey] any longer,'' and on that very same day, House Minority Leader  Nancy Pelosi said: ``Maybe he's not in the right job.''   But this water, as we can see these samples in front of me, has  nothing to do with the FBI. There are over 36,000 Americans spread  across Montana and North Dakota without access to clean water. If the  mayor of Flint, MI, flew here to testify about the quality and  challenges facing their water system, no one would have blocked that  hearing. Frankly, this is just another sign of the marginalization of  rural Montana and rural America. I was sent here to fight for rural  Montana, to stand for rural America, and that is what I will continue  to do. This hearing needs to happen today.   Mr. President, I have a request for the Energy Committee to meet at  2:30 p.m. today. I ask unanimous consent that the committee be allowed  to meet.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection?   The Senator from Hawaii.    Mr. President, if I could respond to my colleague from  Hawaii.   The folks who have been derailed today are the men and women who have  traveled thousands of miles to be here from very small communities  across our country. They have taken time away from work and their  families to be here to show our committees what is going on in rural  America and the unacceptable quality of water.   Water is a basic need. We have water samples here that I think would  be shocking to most Members in this body. I am just saddened to see  that Democrats are going to derail these hearings this afternoon. Yes,  let's have a fight about the FBI and the firing of Comey. We can have a  good-spirited debate about that. But why are we preventing these folks  from rural America, who have traveled thousands of miles, to testify  today at our request.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Dakota.   