 I thank the gentleman from Texas.   Madam Speaker, back in 1987, then-President Ronald Reagan issued one  of his most famous speeches--``tear down this wall''--as he addressed  then-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to insist that he open the barrier  dividing East and West Berlin. It was, perhaps, one of the most  exciting times as we watched to see, finally, if the Cold War would  end. It was a moment of hope and strength and character that propelled  our country to a higher regard and standard of our identity throughout  the global community.   Today, in stark contrast to that famous speech given by President  Ronald Reagan, President Trump orders the construction of a $25 billion  wall that divides communities, separates families, and perpetuates fear  and hate. It sets a dangerous precedent and fails to elevate our  country and confidence abroad the way it was back when President Reagan  gave that famous speech. The economic ramifications will be devastating  to the entire country, going as far north as New York City, because it  is $25 billion or more that will be spent on building this wall that  could otherwise go to other meritorious projects.   These executive actions also secure what I call insecure communities,  not Secure Communities--a program that strains relationships between  law enforcement and communities along the border and throughout that  region of our country.   We live in a global society and are connected with countries and  citizens from around the world. To build this wall not only separates  the United States from our bordering country--our neighbor, Mexico,  which is one of our biggest trading partners--but the wall itself sends  a strong message to citizens around the world that they are not welcome  here in America. The President's wall and his anti-immigrant agenda is  a continuation of the  [[Page H862]]  irrational and hateful rhetoric we have witnessed from him before, and  it stands contrary to who we are as Americans and to what we believe as  a nation.   I am proud to introduce one of my first bills in Congress, called  This is Our Land, which is legislation that will prohibit this divisive  wall from being erected on public lands. This is a time when we should  be investing in our infrastructure--in roads, bridges, tunnels,  airports, schools, housing--and also respecting our public lands.  Building President Trump's wall would trample on our public lands and  potentially put precious endangered species at risk and likely disrupt  or destroy environmentally important ecosystems and habitats. It would  also deplete precious resources from our cities. We should be building  a wall around Trump to stop these irrational executive orders--instead  of this ludicrous $25 billion wall between our closest ally.   Mr. O'ROURKE. I thank the gentleman from New York for his comments-- again, bringing his experience to bear and, right from the beginning,  introducing legislation, not just criticizing or complaining, but  offering an alternative. It reminds us that, if we are to spend $20  billion on building something in this country--which is the upward cost  of what President Trump's proposal would take from the American  taxpayer--there are roads; there are bridges; there are tunnels. There  are legitimate infrastructure needs on which we could spend that money  that would put people to work, and it would be money much better spent.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. Peters),  someone who represents a part of the border that really demonstrates  what is beautiful about the United States-Mexico relationship in San  Diego and Tijuana. He is a fierce advocate for our shared economic  development and growth, for the jobs that are connected to that, and  for everything that is beautiful about the U.S.-Mexico border.    I thank the gentleman from Texas.   Madam Speaker, back in 1987, then-President Ronald Reagan issued one  of his most famous speeches--``tear down this wall''--as he addressed  then-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to insist that he open the barrier  dividing East and West Berlin. It was, perhaps, one of the most  exciting times as we watched to see, finally, if the Cold War would  end. It was a moment of hope and strength and character that propelled  our country to a higher regard and standard of our identity throughout  the global community.   Today, in stark contrast to that famous speech given by President  Ronald Reagan, President Trump orders the construction of a $25 billion  wall that divides communities, separates families, and perpetuates fear  and hate. It sets a dangerous precedent and fails to elevate our  country and confidence abroad the way it was back when President Reagan  gave that famous speech. The economic ramifications will be devastating  to the entire country, going as far north as New York City, because it  is $25 billion or more that will be spent on building this wall that  could otherwise go to other meritorious projects.   These executive actions also secure what I call insecure communities,  not Secure Communities--a program that strains relationships between  law enforcement and communities along the border and throughout that  region of our country.   We live in a global society and are connected with countries and  citizens from around the world. To build this wall not only separates  the United States from our bordering country--our neighbor, Mexico,  which is one of our biggest trading partners--but the wall itself sends  a strong message to citizens around the world that they are not welcome  here in America. The President's wall and his anti-immigrant agenda is  a continuation of the  [[Page H862]]  irrational and hateful rhetoric we have witnessed from him before, and  it stands contrary to who we are as Americans and to what we believe as  a nation.   I am proud to introduce one of my first bills in Congress, called  This is Our Land, which is legislation that will prohibit this divisive  wall from being erected on public lands. This is a time when we should  be investing in our infrastructure--in roads, bridges, tunnels,  airports, schools, housing--and also respecting our public lands.  Building President Trump's wall would trample on our public lands and  potentially put precious endangered species at risk and likely disrupt  or destroy environmentally important ecosystems and habitats. It would  also deplete precious resources from our cities. We should be building  a wall around Trump to stop these irrational executive orders--instead  of this ludicrous $25 billion wall between our closest ally.   Mr. O'ROURKE. I thank the gentleman from New York for his comments-- again, bringing his experience to bear and, right from the beginning,  introducing legislation, not just criticizing or complaining, but  offering an alternative. It reminds us that, if we are to spend $20  billion on building something in this country--which is the upward cost  of what President Trump's proposal would take from the American  taxpayer--there are roads; there are bridges; there are tunnels. There  are legitimate infrastructure needs on which we could spend that money  that would put people to work, and it would be money much better spent.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. Peters),  someone who represents a part of the border that really demonstrates  what is beautiful about the United States-Mexico relationship in San  Diego and Tijuana. He is a fierce advocate for our shared economic  development and growth, for the jobs that are connected to that, and  for everything that is beautiful about the U.S.-Mexico border.   