 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment sets a  dangerous precedent not only for the energy future of the Atlantic and  the Florida coasts, but for the Nation as a whole.   Although this is framed as an Atlantic amendment, I would make clear  that the residents from South Carolina, Virginia, North Carolina, and  Georgia support offshore seismic survey activities pursuant to the all- of-the-above energy approach that America needs.   Seismic surveys are routinely conducted off American coasts and  around the world for oil and gas. We have been conducting seismic  surveys around the globe in the oceans of the world for 50 years with  not a single verifiable instance of a marine mammal being harmed or  killed. In fact, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management has confirmed  this. President Obama's own BOEM Director, Abigail Hopper, confirmed  this to me in a public hearing when I asked her last Congress.   Seismic surveys have not been conducted in the Atlantic region for  over 30 years. Today's advancement in technologies allows for 3-D and  4-D seismic work to actually look into the Earth and see what may be  there.   I would argue that the folks who are against seismic work really  aren't against seismic for the purpose of trying to save marine  mammals; they just don't like fossil fuel development. But we need to  see what is out there.   If Members are genuinely concerned about Russia, then voting in favor  of oil and gas exploration should be a no-brainer. Why would Members  vote to cut off the most significant tool in America's arsenal, that  is, our energy independence?   For these reasons, it is critical that we continue to permit safe G&G  geological studies in all areas off America's coasts, that includes the  mid-Atlantic, the south Atlantic, and all Florida.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment.    I yield to the gentleman from  California.    Mr. Chair, we do have hurricanes  coming. The Gulf of Mexico has prepared for hurricanes and dealt with  it in the oil and gas industry. That is not the issue.   We are talking about seismic surveys so that we as American  policymakers can see what may or may not be in the Earth for future  development. I would be willing to bet that, if it was natural gas that  was found off the coast of my home State of South Carolina, we would be  having a completely different conversation than if oil was found.   Let's at least have the guts to go out there and look and do G&G work  off the coast of the mid-Atlantic, the south Atlantic, and Florida and  find out what resources may or may not be there and whether they are  even recoverable or not.   Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr.  Sanford).    Mr. Chair, reclaiming my time, I  appreciate the point of the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr.  Sanford).   We need to find out what is out there. G&G activity would allow us to  determine whether there is oil or natural gas. If we find oil, I am  willing to have a conversation with the folks in Charleston County,  Horry County of South Carolina. If we find natural gas, I belive the  conversation will be completely different.   Mr. Chair, what we need to do is G&G work, which is safe to marine  mammals, to find out what might be there and might be recoverable.   