 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the  nomination of Courtney Elwood to be CIA general counsel. This is an  important job that got even more important in the past week. As I will  explain, this position may play a crucial role in determining whether  history is erased or preserved for generations of Americans to come.   As Senators know, last week the current chair of the Senate  Intelligence Committee demanded that several key government agencies  get rid of their copies of the torture report prepared by Senator  Feinstein and her colleagues. I am going to take a few minutes to  describe what this has to do with Courtney Elwood.   In short, it starts with the CIA's history of torture, which was  carefully documented and sourced by the Intelligence Committee under  Senator Feinstein's leadership. This is the issue that is being  debated--the CIA's history of torture. That is why it is critically  important that the CIA get back its copy of the report. If Courtney  Elwood is confirmed, the decision on whether to do so may be up to her.  Here is why: The CIA Director, Mr. Pompeo, who said at his confirmation  hearing that he would read the report, has gotten rid of the CIA's  copy. He did so despite the fact that the current chair of the  Intelligence Committee had no authority to demand that of him. Mr.  Pompeo got rid of the report despite a personal promise to read it, and  he did this even though it may have violated the law. It certainly  violated a fundamental principle important to the American people that  in this country, we don't erase history.   Now, this can be fixed. The CIA can get the report back. It can do  what Senator Feinstein told the government to do back in 2014, which is  to distribute this report, read it, and learn from it. Will Director  Pompeo get the report back on his own? There is no reason to think so.  But if there is one thing Director Pompeo said again and again in his  remarks during the confirmation process, it is that he told the Senate  Intelligence Committee repeatedly that he is going to rely on the  advice of his lawyers.   That is exactly where Courtney Elwood comes in. What will her advice  be to Director Pompeo? What will she advise him about whether to allow  this attempt to erase history to stand or whether it is going to get  fixed and the report is going to be brought back? The Senate doesn't  have any idea this morning. We do know that Ms. Elwood's responses to  questions on the torture issue were troubling and that we need to look  at those responses in a whole new light based on what happened last  week.   Ms. Elwood said that she read the unclassified executive summary of  the torture report, but based on her responses to questions, the 500- page executive summary was not adequate for her. It was not sufficient  for her to conclude whether the CIA's interrogation techniques violated  the law. Clearly, she needed to read the classified report. Ms. Elwood,  in both her written answers and at her hearing, said that she would  read the classified report. But now, because of what the current chair  of the Intelligence Committee and the Director of the CIA have done, it  is not going to be available. It is not going to be available for her  to read.    Many Members of this body have spoken out about the torture report  and the need for its lessons to be learned so this country never again  engages in the kind of illegal, damaging program that Senator Feinstein  has documented. But now there is an issue that goes beyond what the  Senate has thought this was all about. Now there is an individual  nominee for whom these lessons are critical. This nominee told our  committee that she had not yet studied whether the CIA's torture  techniques were legal. She told us she would read the report, and now  the report is gone. What could be more troubling than that?   What is at issue here is one of the most disturbing and undemocratic  events ever to take place in the U.S. Senate. The current chair of the  Senate Intelligence Committee has told the executive branch to get rid  of its copies of the report, and at least some of the agencies have  sent their only copies to the committee. I am going to be clear: The  current chair does not have the authority to do this.   First, in December of 2014, the full, final, classified report was  filed as a Senate report. It is therefore not a committee document.  Second, no one can retroactively change the status of a historical  Senate report. The report was finalized, filed, and transmitted to the  executive branch during the 113th Congress. Only in the 114th Congress  did the current chair assume the chairmanship and begin to assert  control over the report.   Think about the implications here. How can this body allow Members of  Congress who don't like what a previous Congress has done to  unilaterally try to erase history? How many other congressional reports  would be at risk? There are other reports that have not yet been fully  declassified. Should the Senate worry about whether or not they will be  protected? Should Americans be concerned that the country's historical  records are going to be erased before the public ever sees them?   My view is that this effort by the current chair of the committee is  an  [[Page S3258]]  assault on one of the fundamental values of our democracy. In this  country, we don't eradicate the historical record just because we find  it uncomfortable. There is a reason insecure dictators do it, and there  is a reason this kind of thing has never happened here. It is because  we are a confident democracy that has always looked to our own history  and all our flaws as we seek to build a better Nation.   We are better than this. I urge my colleagues to defend these  principles. I urge them to vote against this nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arkansas.   