 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  672, the Combating Anti-Semitism Act of 2017, sponsored by my friend  Nita Lowey. I and all of our fellow Co-Chairs of the Bi-Partisan Task  Force for Combating Anti-Semitism are original cosponsors.   Among its provisions, the bill would require the State Department to  include in existing annual reports information about the security  challenges and needs of European Jewish communities and European law  enforcement. This report would also document related U.S. government  efforts to partner with European law enforcement agencies and civil  society groups.   H.R. 672 is important and timely. As witnesses testified at a hearing  I chaired in March on ``Anti-Semitism Across Borders,'' physical  attacks on European Jewish communities, and other forms of anti-Semitic  hatred, remain rampant on the continent. Rabbi Andy Baker, Personal  Representative of the OSCE Chairperson-in-Office on Combating Anti- Semitism and Director of International Jewish Affairs at the American  Jewish Committee noted that even after the deadly anti-Semitic attacks  in Paris, Brussels and Copenhagen, ``problems still remain. Governments  have taken different approaches, and some only in stop-gap measures.''  Rabbi Baker also emphasized that ``We need to be clear-eyed in  confronting and combating anti-Semitism, which manifests itself on both  the right and the left.''   At the same hearing, Paul Goldenberg, Director of the Security  Community Network and Senior Advisor to the Rutgers University Faith- Based Communities Security Program, warned that ``Ever-more connected,  extremist groups in the United States are borrowing, adapting and  enhancing the tactics and strategies adopted in Europe.'' This is an  especially sobering warning, given the man recent anti-Semitic  incidents here in the United States.   Mark Weitzman, Director of Government Affairs for the Simon  Wiesenthal Center, emphasized that ``Fighting antisemitism has always  been a bipartisan commitment and in today's fractured political world  it is more necessary than ever that the U.S. maintain its diplomatic  and moral leadership in this issue. . . . we would strongly suggest  that the position [of Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti- Semitism] even be upgraded, to that of Ambassador, thus demonstrating  the importance attached by our government to this issue.''   H.R. 672 is an example of such bi-partisanship. It would ensure that  the Special Envoy, other U.S. officials, the Congress, and civil  society--especially European Jewish communities that their security  groups--have key information to act fully and effectively. With the  right information, and robust action, the United States can help ensure  the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe and elsewhere.   