 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in this  important conversation on the Senate floor and, once again, to demand  answers to the many questions raised about Russia's interference in our  elections.   Not so long ago, I came to the floor to speak out against a  belligerent act from an adversarial nation, an attempt to undermine  American democracy and foment chaos and uncertainty on the world stage,  an effort that we now know from our own intelligence community's  assessment was ordered by President Putin himself, a campaign that  senior intelligence officials have concluded ``blend[ed] covert  intelligence operations--such as cyber activity--with overt efforts by  Russian Government agencies, state-funded media, third-party  intermediaries, and paid social media users, or `trolls,' '' to  undermine our 2016 Presidential elections.   In recent weeks, the American people have been confronted by a daily  drumbeat of headlines regarding Russian interference with our elections  and possible ties to President Trump's campaign. They have learned that  the President's former National Security Advisor, LTG Michael Flynn,  was not truthful about the nature of the conversations he had with the  Russian Ambassador shortly after President Obama sanctioned Russia for  meddling in our elections.   They learned that Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the highest law  enforcement officer in the land, did not fully disclose at least two  meetings he had with the Russian Ambassador during his nomination  hearings.   They have learned, through reporting in the news media, that U.S. law  enforcement continues to investigation Russian agents' contacts with  President Trump's inner circle.   Yet despite these revelations, the American people now face more  questions than answers. Has anyone else on the President's team been in  contact with the Russian Government? What were the nature of these  conversations? How credible are reports of business dealings between  Russian oligarchs and the Trump organization?   But here is the reason I came to the floor today, as serious as those  questions are. Getting answers to these questions, whether it be  through a special prosecutor, or an independent commission--on which  Senator Cardin has legislation and which I strongly, strongly support  and believe it is the ultimate vehicle--or the Senate Intelligence  Committee's own investigation--those efforts are not about President  Trump. It is about the American people. It is about protecting our free  and democratic way of life and our time-tested system of self- governance. It is about showing our constituents that, when the stakes  are high, when the allegations are this startling, when the  implications are this alarming, we are capable of setting politics  aside and getting to the truth.   Time and again, the President has dismissed the significance of  Russia's interference in our elections, and he derides reports about  his financial interests and campaign contacts with Russia as ``fake  news.'' Well, this isn't fake news. On the contrary, these are real  threats--real threats from a real foreign adversary; real threats that  undermine the integrity of our elections and, therefore, the security  of our country; real threats from a brutal leader who sees the erosion  of Western democracy as a strategic imperative for Russia's future.   So let's be clear about why these threats matter. Vladimir Putin's  rise to power in Russia has been marked by the suppression of the  freedom of the press, the oppression of the Russian people, the murder  of political opponents, and the transfer of wealth and assets from the  Russian people to a handful of powerful oligarchs.   President Putin sees the spread of Western democratic values that we  enjoy here in our country and others in the Western world--like freedom  of speech, the rule of law, and human rights--as a threat to his power.  So Russia has embarked on a systematic campaign to undermine the  democracies that uphold the international order established after World  War II and that has been the bedrock of peace and tranquility,  generally speaking, since then. These threats must be taken seriously.   Russia's aggressive behavior reaches back years and extends to this  day. We saw it in 2008, when Russia backed illegal separatist forces in  Georgia, declaring South Ossetia and Abkhazia independent states. We  saw it in March of 2014--when I was in Ukraine--when Russia authorized  the use of military force to annex Crimea, blatantly violating the  sovereignty of the Ukrainian people and the Budapest Memorandum, a  memorandum that we--the United States, Russia, and others--signed,  saying that we would observe the territorial and sovereignty rights of  Ukraine if they gave up the nuclear weapons that had been left to them  after the collapse of the Soviet Union.   They did just that. They did just that, and what happened to them  afterwards? Their territory has been annexed and invaded. Today, Putin  continues to break ceasefires, sow discord, and incite violence  throughout eastern Ukraine--an effort that to date has claimed 10,000  lives and displaced 2 million people.   Unfortunately, Russia's interference in our 2016 Presidential  election is not an isolated instance. According to U.S. intelligence  reports, these efforts are only the most recent manifestation of  [[Page S1677]]  the Kremlin's ongoing campaign to undermine Western democracy.   In recent years, we have seen Russian oligarchs funnel money to  fringe political movements across Europe, and Russian operatives  conduct sophisticated disinformation campaigns. After the revelations  that Russia interfered with our own elections, Putin has shown no signs  of slowing down. On the contrary, just weeks ago, Russian's Defense  Minister announced that the Kremlin will begin using troops to enhance  their information operations, emphasizing that ``propaganda must be  smart, competent, and efficient.''    Again, Russia's end goal here is no mystery. Putin aims to undermine  European unity and fracture the transatlantic alliance--an alliance  that has served as a bedrock for international security, peace and  stability, and economic cooperation between the United States and  Europe for the past half century.   In the Middle East, President Putin continues to disregard  international norms. He aligns Russia with Iran, the world's leading  state sponsor of terror. He aids Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad in his  atrocities against innocent civilians. In Aleppo, Russian bombs fall on  homes; Russian bombs fall on schools and hospitals; Russian bombs fall  on aid convoys that only seek to feed starving, trapped families, and  rescue children from the rubble.   Just last month, Russia violated the Intermediate-Range Nuclear  Forces Treaty when they illegally launched a cruise missile, showing no  regard for an agreement that has been a hallmark for nuclear security  cooperation for nearly four decades. That is not an insignificant act.   The United States cannot ignore such destabilizing behavior. That is  exactly why Senator Graham and I introduced S. Res. 78 just 2 weeks  ago, recognizing 3 years of Russian military aggression and calling on  Russia to respect its obligations to the international community. Our  resolution should serve as a reminder to this administration that the  U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia for violating the international order  should remain in place until Russia starts respecting and returning to  that international norm.   Nor can we let Russian efforts to undermine Western democracies  continue unabated. That is why I joined my colleagues in the Countering  Russian Hostilities Act of 2017. This bipartisan bill codifies the  sanctions imposed by President Obama for Russia's annexation of Crimea  and interference in the U.S. elections into law.   It is the same type of proposition we had with the Iran agreement. We  want a congressional opportunity to voice ourselves and make sure that  those sanctions aren't lifted arbitrarily, capriciously, without Russia  paying the consequences and coming back into the international order.  At the same time, the legislation authorizes $100 million for the State  Department and other agencies to counter Putin's propaganda.   The time for action--and for answers--is now. We can get to work  immediately by holding hearings in the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee to ensure that the United States has a strategy in place to  protect the security of our democracy and promote stability abroad.  From the spread of extremist propaganda across Europe and the denial of  Ukrainian sovereignty, to the bombing of civilians in Aleppo and the  cyber attacks against the Democratic National Committee, Putin's  intentions are not up for debate.   Russia's destabilizing behavior should make it absolutely clear to  the President of the United States that the Russian Federation is not  our friend. But when the President hesitates to acknowledge this  reality or fails to address such aggressive behavior, it is up to  Congress to act. There can be no hesitation when it comes to protecting  the security and sanctity of our elections.   But to take action we need answers. That is why we need an  independent investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016  elections. What President Trump fails to realize time and again is that  this investigation is not about whether or not Russia successfully  swayed the American elections. This investigation is not about him.  This investigation is about the American people. It is about ensuring  that our elections are free, fair, and secure so that our government  that we elect is responsive and accountable to the people. It is about  understanding Russia's tactics in cyber space and preparing for future  attacks. It is about standing with our allies, preserving peace and  avoiding war, and preventing the need to send our sons and daughters  into harm's way. It is about ensuring that, when the President of the  United States faces tough decisions, the American people can trust that  he puts their interests--their interests--ahead of any other interests  he has abroad.   It is time to protect the integrity of our elections and to secure  our democracy against the cyber threats of the 21st century--whether  they come in the form of election machine tampering, or paid propaganda  on social media, or targeted hacks on political and public officials.   Russia poses a real strategic threat to the United States, to our  core values, and to the international order. I call on the President to  treat these threats with the seriousness they deserve.   I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to protect the integrity of our elections here at home, to defend  democracy abroad, and to ensure that the transatlantic alliance, so  vital to international security and stability, remains strong for  generations to come.   I yield the floor.   