 Mr. Speaker, this is indeed a very, very  important issue. I come at this from one who has worked with my good  friend, Mr. Duffy, on this issue. More than that, I voted with Mr.  Duffy for this bill in committee.   However, there are some troubling things about this bill that could  do one very damaging thing. It could put many of these proxy firms out  of business.   I want to take a moment to explain what the danger is in the bill  that made me change my mind. I chatted with Mr. Duffy about it. He  understands it. This is not to shed any negative light on his  objective, but it is what he is doing to get to that objective that  disturbs me and, I think, should disturb the people of this Congress  and this country, and that is this:   It could be summed up in, basically, 2 words: unilateral authority.   That is what this bill provides to the Securities and Exchange  Commission: unilateral authority to set the requirements, first of all,  for what it means to be a proxy firm.   When you put unilateral authority into the hands of a regulatory  agency, we know the damage that can be done. And I agree that there may  be some things that need to be done, but these words, ``unilateral  authority,'' would mean that the Securities and Exchange Commission  could establish any number of hurdles for these proxy advisory firms to  jump over in order to just stay in business.   Unilateral authority to do such things as setting financial  requirements, one would say that nothing may be wrong with that; but  other hurdles that the Securities and Exchange Commission could put up  likely will be arbitrary, illogical, such as them setting requirements  for how many employees a proxy firm should have.   Mr. Speaker, this is a step too far, especially during a time in our  country when Federal regulators have used their powers to attack the  American people at any and every level.    Mr. Speaker, second, let me give you an  example of how you can put too much regulatory authority into an  agency.   When HHS, this year, used their powers to attack women's health, that  happened; or when the Department of Justice used their powers to  reverse community policing reform at the Department of Justice.   All I am saying in this particular argument, Mr. Speaker, is that Mr.  Duffy is well-intended, but this goes too far, and I urge my colleagues  to reject and vote ``no'' on this bill.   