 Mr. President, I rise in open opposition to the  nomination of John Bush, nominated to serve a lifetime appointment on  the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.   The Federal courts of appeal have a significant impact on the lives  of many Americans. Because the Supreme Court only reviews a limited  number of cases each year, decisions by the circuit courts represent  the final word on thousands of legal matters that involve a host of  important issues.   The Senate has to take very seriously its obligation to consider  candidates for these important courts. We have to make sure they have  the qualifications, the temperament, and the judgment to serve for the  rest of their lives. Based on Mr. Bush's record and his testimony  before the Judiciary Committee, I believe he falls short of this  standard.   Over the course of his legal career, Mr. Bush has made dozens of  provocative comments, casting serious doubt on his temperament, his  judgment, his impartiality, and his ability to serve as a fair and  impartial judge.   Consider the following things that this nominee has said or done:   In 2008, Mr. Bush compared abortion to slavery, writing in an  anonymous blog, I might add, that ``the two greatest tragedies in our  country--slavery and abortion--relied on similar reasoning and activist  justices at the U.S. Supreme Court, first in the Dred Scott decision  and later in Roe.''   Senator Feinstein and I decided to ask Mr. Bush to explain this  statement at his hearing. He did not disavow the comparison he made in  this anonymous blog. Here is what he said instead. He claimed that he  had referred to Roe v. Wade as a tragedy ``in the sense that it divided  our country.''   I asked Mr. Bush to explain his logic, asking whether he would  characterize Brown v. Board of Education as a case that divided our  country. He answered: ``I wasn't alive at the time of Brown, but I  don't think it did.''   That is an incredible statement made by a man who seeks to serve on a  Federal circuit court for the rest of his life. His logic and his  historical analogy have fallen apart. There is no dispute that Brown v.  Board of Education, which ended up in the official desegregation of  public schools across America, was a landmark Supreme Court decision  that deemed racial segregation unconstitutional and, as a result, led  to controversy and division across the United States.   I can't believe a man from Kentucky, a border State--a neighboring  state of my State of Illinois--could not measure the impact of Brown v.  Board of Education and whether it divided our country. That, to me, is  incredible. The reason, of course, he didn't is because he didn't want  to concede, quite obviously, that he was just opposed to a woman's  right to choose, and this was a rationalization for this position.   There were many other instances in which Mr. Bush expressed  provocative and troubling views. He wrote that public financing of  election campaigns is ``constitutionally dubious'' and ``runs afoul of  constitutional guarantees by forcing taxpayers to subsidize candidates'  political speech and contravention of those taxpayers' First Amendment  rights.''   This is a view which is hard to understand because it contradicts  decades of Supreme Court precedent. Mr. Bush, seeking this opportunity  to serve for the rest of his life on a Federal court, has now  questioned a Supreme Court precedent which has been on the books for  years.   He gave a speech where, sadly, he made an anti-gay slur about the  town of Louisville, KY. He wrote blog posts supporting the nomination  of a voter suppression advocate Hans von Spakovsky to the Federal  Election Commission. In response to a written question I sent to him,  he refused to disavow President Trump's claim that 3 to 5 million  people voted illegally in 2016. He said it was ``the subject of  political debate.'' That assertion by the President has been rejected  and discredited by every objective person who has been challenged but  not by Mr. Bush, who seeks this lifetime appointment to the court.   Mr. Bush wrote blog posts that repeatedly placed the terms global  warming and climate change in quotes, insinuating they did not exist.   He described then-House Speaker Pelosi as ``Mama Pelosi'' and wrote  that someone should ``gag the House speaker.''   He posted articles from right wing websites, speculating that former  President Barack Obama was born in Kenya.   He wrote in a blog post during the 2016 Republican National  Convention, ``Time to roll with Trump.''  [[Page S4063]]    The list of comments goes on and on. On a range of policies and legal  issues, Mr. Bush has already made crystal clear where he stands.   At his hearing, Mr. Bush asked the Judiciary Committee to trust that  he could completely set aside everything I have read into the Record  this morning; that he can walk away from his personal views if he is  confirmed to serve on the circuit court. Unfortunately, he has given us  little reason to trust that assurance. He has no judicial experience  demonstrating that he could be impartial. He spent his entire career in  private practice.    At his hearing before the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Bush was asked by  Senator Tillis, a Republican Senator: ``Do you think that impartiality  is an aspiration or an absolute expectation?''   Mr. Bush responded: ``It is an aspiration. I will do my best to be  impartial.''   In other words, Mr. Bush claims that he will try to be impartial but  that the Senate shouldn't expect that he will be completely successful.   Here is what Senator Tillis, my Republican colleague, then said in  reply: ``I actually have a concern with someone who thinks impartiality  is an aspiration. I think it is an expectation.''   I agree with Senator Tillis.   I believe Mr. Bush's failure to commit to impartiality disqualifies  him from this lifetime position.   Mr. Bush's views are far outside the judicial mainstream. He provided  no evidence that he could set aside his views if confirmed.   I understand that Mr. Bush does check many of the boxes we have seen  for recent nominees from this administration. Most important and  absolutely essential to his nomination is the fact that he is a  longtime member of the Federalist Society.   The Federalist Society describes itself as ``a group of conservatives  and libertarians dedicated to reforming the current legal order.'' The  Federalist Society is funded by big money, rightwing interests like the  Koch brothers, the Chamber of Commerce, and the Ed Uihlein Family  Foundation. This is the group President Trump personally thanked for  selecting his list of Supreme Court nominee finalists. So far this  year, every Trump judicial nominee who has had a hearing before our  Senate Judiciary Committee has been a Federalist Society member.  Coincidence? I don't think so.   I urge my Republican colleagues not to let the Federalist Society  serve as the selection committee--the secret handshake--to become a  Federal judge for life in the United States of America. We want a  Federal bench that welcomes independent and impartial thinkers. Mr.  Bush's Federalist Society membership shouldn't be his ticket to the  Federal bench.   In conclusion, this vote, when it comes to his nomination, is really  not a close call. It is clear that Mr. Bush has friends in high places,  but he has demonstrated a temperament and a judgment which we should  not put in a lifetime position on the Federal court of appeals. I urge  my colleagues to oppose his nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   