 It once included the State of Colorado, or part of it.   Madam Speaker, I think Republicans are just scared. They are afraid  to leave town this week without doing another favor for Wall Street,  and this proposal to undermine consumer rights is the next gift that  they want to bestow on the big banks.   Republicans can never seem to find their voice, no matter how  outrageous the latest Trump tweet might be. They cannot pass meaningful  legislation on other subjects, but they feel compelled to answer when  Wall Street comes ``a calling,'' as it has on this bill.   Only last month, Republicans approved a bill to give Trump the power  to fire the chief cop on the beat; that would be the Director of the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, who Trump could now dump for  actually trying to do his job of protecting consumers from abusive  financial practices.   Of course, we see daily that Trump thinks the White House is just a  new venue for the latest sequel of ``The Apprentice,'' with him  declaring ``you're fired'' to one person after another, no matter how  much damage he does to our national security or to the economic  security of families that are struggling to make a go of it all over  America.   Well, today's Republican gift to Wall Street is about denying any  effective remedy to those who are abused by big banks. A bank can  rightfully go to court if a consumer abuses it, and that happens every  day in courts across America, with good reason, because it is not a  one-way street.   But in the non-negotiable, deceitful fine print at the back of the  contract, the bank can deny the consumer the very same opportunity to  go to court if that consumer is abused. It is called arbitration, but  what it really means is that if a consumer has been treated wrong,  neither a judge nor a jury can ever evaluate the facts and conclude for  the consumer.   Since usually the arbitrator depends upon the same bank or group of  banks to get repeat business, the arbitrator has an incentive to rule  against the consumer and for the bank. Often arbitration is little  better than going to the bank's own attorney and asking: Do you think  your client did anything wrong? And if so, should they do any more than  say ``I'm sorry''?   Arbitration is the very scheme that Wells Fargo relied upon to  obstruct any opportunity for ordinary consumers who tried to hold their  bank accountable for creating accounts to which they never gave any  consent and charging them for it. Wells Fargo used those arbitration  clauses to kick the consumers out of court and to continue its fraud  against consumers across America for another 2 years. That is the kind  of practice that we will have more of if this legislation is approved.   You know, in the Military Lending Act of 2007, Congress showed the  good sense to try to protect our servicemembers who are defending our  country all over the world in certain of their loan agreements from  having a lender impose a mandatory arbitration agreement. And what,  today, we should be doing is supporting similar protections for other  Americans who can be exposed to the same type of abuse.   Today's bill to undermine consumer protection is opposed by The  Military Coalition and 29 other servicemember and veterans groups  representing millions of people. This sorry bill is also opposed by a  number--I think literally hundreds of consumer, civil rights, labor,  and community groups.   All we are saying in rejecting this bill is to give consumers their  day in court, give them the same rights the banks want. In fact, treat  consumers as if they were banks because they should be treated with the  same dignity and the same rights; and we do that by rejecting this bill  and rejecting it soundly.    Mr. Speaker, as so often happens here, this bill bears a  somewhat grander title than its contents. Medicare part B certainly  does need improvement. While I support putting into statute what is  already administrative practice, extending a demonstration project that  appears to be working and the other provisions that my colleagues have  worked on in this bill, I think much more should have happened.   It is especially ironic that, at the very moment we are considering  this bill, the United States Senate across the hall is proposing to  eliminate healthcare coverage for millions of Americans. Certainly,  this Republican repeal effort does far more harm to far more people  than we can collectively undo here in the House with this rather modest  piece of legislation.   And there is one glaring omission from today's Medicare Improvement  Act, one subject that the Republican leadership of the House Ways and  Means Committee fears. It fears not only doing something about this  problem, it fears about even understanding the extent of the problem,  and it certainly fears having any public hearings to explore this  subject. That is the menace that is affecting millions of people across  this country: pharmaceutical price gouging.   This bill fails to address any aspect of soaring pharmaceutical costs  of part B medications. For almost a year, a number of us, House  Democrats on the Ways and Means Committee, have called on the chairman  to at least schedule a hearing about all aspects, all categories of  soaring pharmaceutical prices that not only mean financial ruin for too  many families, but also burden Medicare and most any type of taxpayer- financed healthcare initiative.   Government-approved monopolies for drug manufacturers are being  exploited by charging the sick and dying whatever they might pay for a  little more life, for a little more comfort at monopoly prices.   Under longstanding existing law--it has been there before this  Congress ever got together--pharmaceutical companies are at least  required to provide average sales price data on part B Medicare drugs.  Three years ago, the Office of the Inspector General at the Department  of Health and Human Services found that at least one-third of the more  than 200 manufacturers of part B drugs had not submitted any of this  average sales price data for some of their products, and an additional  45 manufacturers had not been required to report any data. The  Inspector General found that inaccuracies in these average sales price  filings may affect taxpayer-financed Medicare payments.   Last month, the nonpartisan Medicare Payment Advisory Commission came  before the House Ways and Means Committee and gave its report on  Medicare. It noted that this problem on average sales price data  continues, and that it has not been addressed by Congress, as the  Inspector General had recommended.   The Republican majority has refused to do anything about this  problem. It has blocked an amendment that I offered in committee that  simply implemented the recommendation of the Inspector General and of  MedPAC to get that average sales price data and to ensure that all part  B manufacturers report that data or are penalized at a reasonable  level. It would simply have ensured compliance with existing law to  protect program integrity and to protect the taxpayer interest. And you  can be sure that if the Republicans didn't want to know what the prices  were, they certainly didn't want to do anything about the soaring  prices and the impact on American families.   So I support the bill, but this is a missed opportunity that we  should have employed to address a critical problem.  [[Page H6239]]        