 Mr. President, I oppose the confirmation of Jay  Clayton to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission.   When the stock market crashed in 1929, public confidence in the  markets plummeted as well. Investors large and small lost their life's  savings. Congress responded with laws to help rebuild public faith in  the markets. Thus in the wake of the Great Depression, Congress created  the Securities and Exchange Commission to protect investors and  maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets.   Congress designed the SEC to see that investors and the markets have  reliable information and clear rules for honest dealing. The SEC's job  is to make sure that brokers, dealers, and exchanges put investors'  interests first. The SEC ensures that companies offering securities for  investment tell the public the truth about their businesses, the  securities they are selling, and the risks involved.   Congress took pains to create the SEC to have some distance from Wall  Street. The law provides that no Commissioner can engage in any  business or employment other than serving as Commissioner. The law  prohibits any Commissioner from participating in any stock transactions  of a type that the Commission regulates.   Mr. Clayton has extensive experience working in capital markets. He  has represented a long list of financial firms. His numerous conflicts  may make him captive to the industry that President Trump nominated him  to police. One of his better-known clients is Goldman Sachs. The  Department of Justice found that Goldman Sachs falsely assured  investors that sound  [[Page S2671]]  mortgages backed securities that Goldman sold, when Goldman knew that  these securities were full of mortgages that were likely to fail.   During his confirmation hearing, I asked Mr. Clayton about Goldman  Sachs' $5 billion settlement with the Department of Justice. I asked  Mr. Clayton if he felt that Goldman Sachs had been engaged in shady  practices, but Mr. Clayton said only that he felt the case stood on its  own. I cannot comprehend why Mr. Clayton demurred on this topic. We  should all be able to agree that if a firm pays $5 billion in a  settlement, it was engaged in shady practices, to say the least.   Duriing Mr. Clayton's confirmation hearing, he said that he is ``100  percent committed to rooting out any fraud and shady practices in our  financial system.'' If he is confirmed, I hope he stands by that  pledge.   The SEC, investors, and the American people need an independent  voice. They need a politically independent voice, as well as a voice  that can be independent enough to make tough enforcement decisions  about the financial firms it regulates. I have serious doubts that Mr.  Clayton can be that voice; thus I oppose his nomination.   