 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1699, the  Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act.   Homeownership, for many, is part of the American Dream, but overbroad  and burdensome regulations arising out of the Dodd-Frank financial  control law are limiting the ability of Americans to realize that  dream.   A one-size-fits-all regulation issued by the CFPB makes it harder for  lenders to offer mortgages to hardworking Americans who simply want to  buy a manufactured home. By expanding the range of loan products  considered ``high cost'' under the Home Ownership and Equity Protection  Act, the CFPB has failed to recognize the unique nature of manufactured  housing loans.   Due to the increased legal liabilities and stigma associated with  making these so-called high-cost mortgages, many lenders have simply  stopped making these loans altogether. In fact, according to the  government's own Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data, origination of  manufactured housing loans of $75,000 or less has plummeted by 22  percent since this regulation went into effect. This data clearly  showed that there is a negative impact of these Federal rules on the  availability of credit for manufactured homes.   While virtually all mortgage market segments have been growing in the  last few years, HMDA data clearly shows continued declines in small  dollar loans for manufactured homes.   As a result, this regulation is harming low- and moderate-income  families, particularly in rural areas, and existing homeowners are  harmed because they will not be able to sell their homes. These  regulations are hitting Americans in rural areas of modest means the  most.   Take, for example, the hospital worker in Kentucky. And, yes, Mr.  Speaker, this is about the hospital worker in Kentucky, not Warren  Buffett. This hospital worker applied for a loan of $38,500 to finance  a manufactured home. He had an 8 percent down payment. His monthly  income was $2,200 per month--plenty to cover the all-in  [[Page H9578]]  housing costs of $675 per month. The payment he would have been  investing in his own home would have been less than what he was  spending on rent. But he couldn't get financing. He contacted his local  banks and credit unions, but they no longer finance manufactured homes.    This is not about Warren Buffett. This is about helping low-income  Americans achieve the American Dream. The reasons for this crippling  lack of credit are unaccountable, unelected bureaucrats in Washington,  D.C., at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and their ``high- cost'' loan regulations and the definitions of mortgage originator and  loan originator established in the Dodd-Frank Act.   These regulations fail to take into account the unique circumstances  associated with manufactured housing and the fixed costs associated  with the purchase of any home, large or small. They fail to recognize  the simple, mathematical fact that fixed costs on smaller loans  translate into higher percentages of the total loan. They fail to  recognize that even if interest payments on manufactured homes are more  than your average home, the payments are still more affordable than the  all-in cost of a site-built home or even rent in many markets.   This is especially the case when one considers that purchasing a  manufactured home as opposed to renting allows these owners to build  equity leading to financial stability for their families.   This bipartisan bill, the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing  Act, recognizes the unique nature of manufactured housing, something  that bureaucrats in Washington don't know anything about. They don't  know anything about what goes on in rural America. This fixes these  government-caused problems by modifying the definition of loan  originators and mortgage originators to exclude manufactured housing  retailers and sellers from the definition of a loan or mortgage  originator, so long as they are only receiving compensation for the  sale of the home and not engaged in loan offerings.   The legislation also increases the thresholds for high-cost loans to  accommodate manufactured home purchases of up to $75,000.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the additional time.   Mr. Speaker, it accommodates manufactured home purchases up to  $75,000 while maintaining the tough restrictions on lenders to prevent  any borrowers from being taken advantage of. Yes, that is right, this  preserves those consumer protections.   As Members of Congress, we have an obligation to protect the American  people from regulations that harm their ability to purchase an  affordable home for themselves and their families. We need to end  government policies under the guise of consumer protection that are  actually protecting Americans right out of homeownership. It is not  consumer protection, Mr. Speaker, when you deny people affordable  housing.   I thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue and I applaud  both Democrats and Republicans who support this commonsense solution.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, what you just heard was  a description of what some who represent some of these rural  communities are doing for them or not doing for them. They say:  Vulnerable consumer, you can have a loan at 18 percent. We know you  can't afford it, and we will just come and repossess your manufactured  housing when you can't pay.   For the chairman, I will take all the time that he would yield to me  to continue this discussion and let people know exactly what is going  on.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr.  Ellison), who is a true Congressional Progressive Caucus champion and a  senior member of the Financial Services Committee.   