 Mr. Chairman, I would like to be able to address title  VII of the Water Rights Protection Act in this bill.   Over many decades, Federal attempts to manipulate Federal permit,  lease, and land management process to circumvent long-established State  water law and hijack privately held water rights have sounded the alarm  for all non-Federal water users that rely on these water rights for  their livelihood.   The Federal Government's overreach and infringement on private  property rights that led to the introduction of this original bill in  the 113th Congress involved the U.S. Forest Service's attempt to  require the transfer of privately held water rights to the Federal  Government as a permit condition on National Forest System lands. With  this permit condition, there is no compensation for the transfer of  these privately held rights.   This Forest Service permit condition has already hurt a number of  stakeholders in my home State of Colorado, including Powderhorn Ski  Area in Grand Junction and the Breckenridge Ski Resort. The same  nefarious tactic has been used in Utah, Nevada, and other Western  States, where agencies have required the surrender of possession of  water rights in exchange for approving the conditional use of grazing  allotments. This Federal water grab has broad implications that have  begun to extend beyond the recreation and the farming and ranching  community and are now threatening municipalities and other businesses.  [[Page H5509]]    In 2014, the Forest Service proposed a groundwater directive that  would have expanded the agency's reach over groundwater and established  new bureaucratic hurdles to interfere with private water users' ability  to be able to access their water. Though the Forest Service ultimately  withdrew this controversial groundwater directive, there are no  guarantees that the directive or something similar won't be back in the  future.   The Water Rights Protection Act offers a sensible approach that  preserves water rights and the ability to be able to develop water  requisite to living in the arid West without interfering with water  allocations for non-Federal parties or allocations that protect an  environment that is cherished by all Westerners.   I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues from other  Western States to ensure that no State-recognized water right goes  unprotected from the class of actions that this bill prohibits.   I appreciate the inclusion of this legislation and encourage its  passage.    Mr. Chair, to speak to the nature of the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I am.    Mr. Chairman, as my colleague from New Mexico noted,  Wayne Aspinall of Colorado stated: ``When you touch water in the West,  you touch everything.''   We have that shared concern that that water is going to be preserved.  In the West, water is a private property right. We have State law. We  have priority-based systems, which have always been recognized by the  Federal Government.   Unfortunately, we have seen and reflected in this portion of the  legislation that we are discussing today, the Federal Government  reaching out to be able to require conditional use of permit water  rights to be signed over to the Federal Government. At issue is the  amendment that we are discussing right now.   When we talk about our Native American Tribes, my colleague and I  have shared in common interest, along with our colleague, Mrs. Torres,  in terms of making sure that Native American rights are protected from  taking by the Federal Government, as well.   There is good news in the underlying bill. The Department of the  Interior had made the statement that their ability to be able to  negotiate or enter into water settlements with Tribes is in no way  affected or restricted by this bill. It is in no way affected or  restricted by this bill, according to the Department of the Interior.   While I have no objections to the changes proposed in the savings  clause to be able to clarify as much, I did want to be able to register  concern on the amendment that it may not have been as definitive as I  would like to have seen in regard to specifying Native American water  rights.   I think that is common ground that we are seeing on both sides of the  aisle: to make sure that those private property rights are protected.   I will not vote against this amendment, and I applaud my colleagues  working together with us to be able to try and achieve an actual  amiable solution on something that, as Westerners, we understand  probably better than anyone else in the country the importance of  water--water for our communities, water for the opportunity for our  communities to be able to grow and to prosper.   On this particular issue, a very important segment of that very  community is the valuable contributions that our Native American Tribes  make to all of our communities.   Mr. Chairman, I will be supporting the overall legislation. In terms  of their work on this, I commend all Members.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   