 Mr. President, every week, I have been coming to the  floor to talk about my State and what I think makes it the greatest  State in the country and in the world. We like to celebrate and  recognize somebody in Alaska who is making a difference for their  community, for the State, and for the country, and we like to call  these extraordinary Alaskan individuals our Alaskan of the Week.   Like many of us here in the Senate, I spent a lot of time recently in  August traveling throughout my home State, and wherever I went, I met  strong, generous, versatile Alaskans, many of whom survive in some of  the harshest conditions on the planet but still have time for their  communities and their families and their neighbors. But, like in many  places around the country, I also saw the scourge of addiction that is  tearing apart communities and tearing apart families.   We have all heard how addiction is often passed down through  generations. There are many in Alaska and many throughout the country  who are determined to break this intergenerational cycle of addiction  and many who are succeeding. We don't always hear about them, but there  are many. So this afternoon I wish to introduce my colleagues to 81- year-old Rozann Kimpton, our Alaskan of the Week, who is doing that and  a lot more.   Rozann and her husband moved to Alaska from Washington State in 1958,  and they immediately settled in. They ran businesses together,  including a small retail store, and then they got into construction and  contracting. They raised two children. They were a team. About 10 years  ago, they moved to a large plot of land in Wasilla, AK--over 50 acres-- to spend time in retirement, and they made plans: gardening, traveling  around the world. But it didn't take long for Rozann to recognize that  something was wrong--very wrong--in her family, particularly with what  was happening to two of her great-grandchildren, Luke and Amanda. They  were living in a situation that was harmful to them and they needed  help.   At this point, Rozann's husband was also suffering from his own  illness--cancer--but the two of them took Luke and Amanda in and  adopted them. ``It was the only way to make sure they were safe,''  Rozann said. ``And when a kid needs to be taken care of, and when a  mommy and daddy can't, you do it,'' she said. ``I couldn't live with  myself knowing that they were in danger and I did nothing.'' This is  Rozann talking about her two great-grandkids.   That was 10 years ago. Rozann, now a widow, lives with Amanda and  Luke on that big plot of land in Wasilla. Amanda is a senior in high  school, and Luke is an eighth grader. They are great kids. As a matter  of fact, I just had the opportunity to visit with them in my office  yesterday.   Amanda loves geometry. She plays a violin with the Wasilla Youth  Orchestra and drums and dances with the Intertribal Drum Group in  Anchorage. Luke's big dream is to join the Navy, which I think is  great.   The three of them volunteer in their community, helping foster kids.  Amanda makes blankets for the foster kids. Every Sunday, they drive  over 100 miles to attend Emanuel Presbyterian Church in Anchorage,  which is like a second home to all of them.   In addition to all of this, Rozann is the area volunteer coordinator  for Volunteers of America Grandfamilies, a grandparents support group.  Once a month, she has a picnic for her fellow grandparents and other  parents who have adopted kids. The kids play games, eat hamburgers and  hot dogs, and adults sit around the campfire, share stories, and  encourage one another in all the work they are doing. She is in  constant contact with about 25 families, and whenever she spots someone  she thinks might need help with their kids, their grandkids, or their  great-grandkids, she gives them her card.   ``I am not a shy person,'' she said. ``I will talk to anyone who  looks like they are struggling, and I am particularly good at spotting  grandparents who are raising kids''--grandparents who are raising kids  throughout our great Nation.   As the opioid crisis is hitting Alaska, just like it is hitting so  many other States, she is seeing more and more grandparents stepping  in. ``It is a plague,'' she said, ``but the most important thing is to  help the children as early as possible, and to do what we can to make  sure they don't carry on that plague.''   Rozann Kimpton is here right now in Washington, DC. As I mentioned, I  had a great meeting with her yesterday. She is here to attend a banquet  where her efforts will be recognized. She is the 2017 recipient of the  Alaska Angels in Adoption Award and will be recognized by the  Congressional Coalition on Adoption.   Rozann, thank you for your warmth and for all your hard work for  Alaska. Congratulations on your award, and congratulations on being our  Alaskan of the Week.   