 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2658, the  Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance  Act.   I thank Ranking Member Eliot Engel and Chairman Royce for all their  hard work and always being there for the people of Venezuela.   Of course, I want to thank the dynamic duo of Eddy Acevedo and Ileana  Ros-Lehtinen. Even though we are going miss Eddy, I am sure he will  continue to fight in the defense of human rights wherever he is.   The situation in Venezuela continues to deteriorate. A country with  the world's largest known oil reserves is spiraling into a collapsed  state. We have people struggling just to survive. Journalists and  citizens risk their lives every day to report what is happening inside  Caracas and around the country.   We see that tensions are growing and government security forces shoot  first and ask questions later. It is clear that the failed Chavismo  policies and the authoritarian actions of Nicolas Maduro have brought  all of this pain and suffering upon the Venezuelan people.   Maduro and his cronies continue to get rich as they traffic money and  drugs while doing nothing to help the millions of suffering people.  Multiple news reports confirm a growing health crisis as people lack  access to basic medicines, and reports of infant mortality rates and  preventable diseases such as malaria are on the rise.   To hold the Maduro regime accountable, both the Obama and Trump  administrations have sanctioned senior officials in the Venezuelan  Government for their actions with narcotrafficking, money laundering,  and other illicit activities.   There is consensus among the majority of the hemisphere--multilateral  institutions such as the OAS, the United Nations, and the European  Union--that Maduro is destroying democracy and violating human rights.   These sanctions are not against the Venezuelan people but are  carefully crafted and targeted toward the individuals who are committed  to destroying the lives of millions of innocent civilians in exchange  for money and power.   That is why I am supporting this important and timely legislation  that helps to address the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Venezuela  and codifies President Obama's sanctions related to corrupt officials  in the country. The United States needs to stand shoulder to shoulder  with the Venezuelan people and be ready to assist them, while holding  the corrupt regime officials accountable.   Once again, I thank my colleagues for all their hard work on this  issue, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2658.   Before I yield back, I wish Eddy good luck. I thank him for all his  hard work. He will be missed. I hate to see that dynamic duo split, but  I am sure it will continue to work.   