 Thank you, Mr. President.   I thank my vice chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee, and I thank  the Presiding Officer, who chairs the committee. I am honored to serve  under both of them.   I rise to discuss the devastating effects the various Republican  healthcare proposals that have been made would have on Indian Country.   Republicans are now considering a straight repeal of the Affordable  Care Act, with no replacement. This policy, like others that have come  before it, would have a devastating effect on Native communities.  Today, I want to describe some of the healthcare challenges that these  communities face, how the Affordable Care Act has helped to address  some of those challenges, and how repealing the Affordable Care Act  would undermine these gains and further jeopardize healthcare for an  already vulnerable population.   I have served on the Indian Affairs Committee for the past 8 years,  and I am continually shocked by what I hear almost every week from  Tribal leaders and other witnesses about the challenges that face  Native communities. One of the biggest challenges is that the Federal  Government consistently falls short of its responsibilities to Indian  communities. There is a lack of attention to the concerns of Native  communities. There is a dysfunctional bureaucracy and a Congress that  doesn't adequately fund Indian programs, and this can create a vicious  cycle. When programs don't have adequate funding, they don't work as  they should.    Some of my colleagues who have failed to provide Indian Country with  the funding they need point to the resulting program inefficacies as  justification for continuing to cut and underfund critical programs.  That just doesn't make sense to me. Healthcare has fallen prey to this  vicious cycle even though the Federal Government has a trust  responsibility to provide healthcare to Tribes and to their members.   Medicaid and the Indian Health Service are both part of this trust  responsibility. Over the years, the Indian Health Service has suffered  from lack of resources, poor staffing, and other challenges. The vice  chairman was right: ``Don't get sick after June'' is unfortunately  something we hear over and over again, and it is said with some irony  but also hurt in Indian Country because the funding runs out then.   These challenges mean that many in Indian Country, particularly those  living in remote areas, don't have reliable access to the medical care  they need on a timely basis. This is healthcare that was promised by  treaty and by our Constitution.   Prior to the ACA, funding shortages meant that IHS was only able to  provide people with the most basic services, so a lot of the care that  people needed was simply not available. For example, prior to the  passage of the Affordable Care Act, the Indian Health Service could not  afford to provide vital services, including women's health screenings,  like mammograms, or basic diabetes care. If you suffered from diabetes,  you often had to wait until dialysis was required or limb amputation  was needed before being able to receive care. That is just  unconscionable. That is terrible. What is more, American Indians and  Alaska Natives were more likely to be uninsured than non-Native  populations, which meant that many people who needed care that wasn't  covered by the IHS simply went without.   The ACA helped change all of this for the better. First, the ACA gave  States the option to expand their Medicaid Programs to include low- income adults without dependent children. Thanks to Medicaid expansion,  11 million Americans, including more than 290,000 American Indians and  Alaska Natives, were able to get health insurance. The ACA's Medicaid  expansion made it possible for an estimated 60 percent of uninsured  American Indians and Alaska Natives to qualify for healthcare coverage.   This expansion, coupled with other Medicaid policy reforms, such as  those that simplified the enrollment process, helped increase the total  number of people covered under the program. In fact, IHS reported  earlier this year that 42 percent of patients receiving services--of  those who receive the services--did so because they had coverage  through Medicaid. That is what the Indian Health Service said. Forty- two percent of those who received healthcare services did so because  they are covered by Medicaid. In Grand Portage, which is a beautiful  spot on the  [[Page S4045]]  northeastern corner of Minnesota, this meant that well over 20 more  band members, many of them children, received coverage. We know from a  recent report out of Georgetown University that, nationwide, 54 percent  of children in American Indian and Alaska Native families were enrolled  in Medicaid in 2015, compared to 39 percent of all children.   This program has been a vital source of coverage, and, with health  insurance coverage, people have finally been able to access the  healthcare they need. That is what healthcare is really about.  Healthcare is about having coverage so that you have routine visits for  primary care. So if you are diabetic, you have routine visits. It is  not about the emergency heroic event; healthcare is about the constancy  of care. That is what improves people's health. That is what improves  their lives.   Another way the ACA helped improve healthcare for Native populations  was by transitioning the IHS to be the payer of last resort. By  establishing that Medicare, Medicaid, and private insurance would be  the primary payers, the ACA ensured that there was more money going to  provide a wider range of services that people needed, while  simultaneously reducing the financial burden on the IHS.   Yet there is more that we need to do to strengthen the Affordable  Care Act and improve rates of coverage and access within Native  communities. For example, we need to do more to address workforce  shortages and lack of competition in insurance markets in rural areas.  The Presiding Officer knows that. Also, it is imperative that we tackle  the opioid epidemic in Indian Country. But recent Republican efforts to  repeal the Affordable Care Act will do nothing to address these  outstanding needs and would undermine the recent health and coverage  gains Tribal communities have been able to achieve. I know the last  bill had money targeted at opioid treatment, but it wasn't anywhere  near what will be taken away when the Medicaid expansion and cuts to  Medicaid are figured in.   The Republicans' proposals would hurt Indian communities in a number  of important ways.   First, they would cause tens of millions of people, including many  American Indians and Alaska Natives, to lose coverage, with between 15  million and 18 million Americans losing coverage immediately. For  example, Republican plans would end the Medicaid expansion, as I have  said, which has been central to providing health coverage to many in  Native communities.   Second, they would jeopardize the sustainability and stability of the  individual market, while giving huge tax breaks to powerful corporate  interests.   Finally, they would increase premiums and reduce subsidies that low- income people receive to help pay for their healthcare, which would put  private health coverage out of reach for so many.   Efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act are just bad for Native  communities and bad for the country as a whole.   As many of my colleagues know well, American Indians and Alaska  Natives are twice as likely, as compared to non-Hispanic Whites, to be  overweight, obese, diagnosed with diabetes, and experience hopelessness  and depression. In Minnesota, American Indian women are also more  likely than Whites to be diagnosed with maternal opiate dependency  during pregnancy, and more children are born opioid dependent. Reducing  coverage and driving up healthcare costs is the last thing these  communities need.   Indian Tribes in Minnesota and in North Dakota and in all of our  States are grappling with challenging and complex healthcare needs.  They need our help. They don't need legislation that is hastily put  together for ideological reasons. They don't need policies that  undercut their care and livelihood.   I believe we need to work together across partisan lines. I really  hope that is what we are going to do.   The Republican healthcare plans that have been put forward so far  break the Federal Government's trust responsibility and undermine the  very programs that are helping Indian communities. That is what I  sincerely believe.   I urge my colleagues to reject Republican efforts to repeal the  Affordable Care Act and instead work with us on a bipartisan basis, in  regular order, with hearings before our committees, to strengthen care  options for our Native communities and for all Americans. I believe we  can do that, and I believe we can work together. It is just the right  thing to do.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield to the vice chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee, the  Senator from New Mexico.   