 Madam President, first, let me thank the Democratic  leader for his statement on a better deal for all Americans.   I had a chance over the weekend to travel throughout my State, and I  heard over and over again the people of Maryland talking about what we  need to do on a better deal. I had an interesting forum on healthcare,  and Marylanders want a better deal on healthcare. They want to make  sure healthcare is affordable, that they can get access to quality  care, and they can make sure we maintain the highest quality  healthcare.   What they don't want to see is us moving in the wrong direction. I  heard over and over again their concerns about what is happening with  the consideration of the bill the Republican leadership is anticipating  having a vote on later this week. That bill would proceed on  legislation that would eliminate healthcare coverage for, at least, 22  million Americans, maybe as high as 33 million Americans. I must tell  you that is not a better deal for Americans on their healthcare needs.  We could do much better moving in the opposite direction and making  healthcare more affordable, not cutting people out of healthcare  insurance.   In my State of Maryland, in 2018 alone, 221,000 people in my State  would lose coverage under the proposals the Republican leadership is  suggesting, including 4,200 veterans, 164,000 people in the Medicaid  system, and 62,000 people in the individual marketplace. That is going  to hurt. These are people today who have healthcare coverage who would  lose their healthcare coverage. It would hurt our seniors in the  coverage they get under the Medicaid system for long-term care. It  would hurt those who are working to try to end this opioid drug  addiction issue.   Under the current law, mental health, behavioral health, and drug  addiction is covered under the essential health benefits. It is covered  under private insurance. It is covered under the Medicaid system. That  is in danger of being lost under the legislation being considered.   I heard from public health and law enforcement over the weekend how  that would move our community in the wrong direction if those bills  were considered.   I also heard from the majority leader that all he wants to do is get  on this bill, and then we can offer amendments. Well, that is not  accurate. You can't offer any amendments you want on a bill that is  under reconciliation instructions, and we certainly aren't  [[Page S4126]]  going to get a fair shot at trying to make this bill a better bill  under the restrictions we are operating under: We had no committee  hearings. We had no committee markups. That is not the way legislation  should be considered.   The other issue I heard about from people in Maryland--I think you  will hear this from people around the country--is they want to bring  down the cost of their healthcare coverage. They want to bring down the  cost of their healthcare. They want to reduce the high growth rate in  healthcare costs in this country. Yet the Senate Republican bill  increases the average premium by as much as $1,700 in Maryland by 2020  and preserves what we call the age tax--a 5-to-1 difference.   So if you happen to be 55 years of age, you are going to pay a lot  more than that in increases in your health insurance premiums. That is  not what people in Maryland want to see. That is not what people in  this country want to see. They are concerned that we should be building  on the Affordable Care Act to bring down the cost of their premium  increases, not to increase it by that dramatic amount of money.   The increase in deductibles in Maryland could be as high as $3,300  for a person making $42,000 per year and $5,600 for a person making  about $18,000 a year. Those are increases in deductibles. They can't  afford that. The concerns we have--people like the Affordable Care Act,  and they want us to improve it. They want us to improve it. They don't  want us to add to their costs, and the bill the majority leader is  asking us to consider would have people in Maryland and around the  country paying more--not less, which they want.   The people in Maryland and around this country like the consumer  protections we have under the Affordable Care Act. They like the idea  that there is no annual cap or lifetime cap. I had several people who  came up to me to tell me about their own personal circumstances. One  father explained to me that his child was born with serious issues and  that they reached their cap within a matter of months. Without the  protection in the Affordable Care Act, they would have had no other  insurance coverage. Yet, under the bill being considered by the  Republican leadership, that family could lose that protection because  you could see the imposition of caps.   All of us know of people who are very concerned about preexisting  conditions. The bill that is being considered under the Republican  leadership weakens those protections against discrimination of  preexisting conditions.    Let me just remind my colleagues of what we saw before the Affordable  Care Act in discriminatory practices by private insurance companies. We  had reined much of that in under the Affordable Care Act. All of that  could be lost if we proceed on legislation--and move it forward--that  doesn't provide the consumer protections, allows the elimination of  caps, allows discriminatory practices in regard to preexisting  conditions, restricts the amount of money going into the Medicaid  system so our States are forced basically to cut back on the Medicaid  system. We lose the expanded coverage--the Congressional Budget Office  has already told us that--and we go back to the days of job lock. I  want to talk about that for one moment because I think this is one of  the untold stories. We haven't had a lot of discussion on the floor.   If you go in the wrong direction and you do what the Republican  leadership is talking about doing and repeal the Affordable Care Act  and either repeal and later replace or replace it now with a program  that will eliminate a lot of coverage and once again eliminate these  consumer protections we have in health insurance, what you do is people  get locked into employment. They are afraid to leave their job because  they have insurance that covers their family--they have a spouse with  cancer or they have a child with a major disability. Yes, they would  like to do what this country is best known for, and that is set out  with an entrepreneurial spirit, start a company or go and take risks,  but they can't do it because they know they are jeopardizing their  family's healthcare because they can't get the type of insurance they  need to cover their risks. That is called job lock and that works  against the growth of our economy.   There are so many reasons to be concerned about what the majority  leader is asking us to do--to proceed on this bill that all the options  we have seen will cost tens of millions of people their coverage, take  away a lot of the consumer protections we have seen in the law, and  discriminate against our elderly, discriminate against minorities and  women. That would be returning to our old healthcare system. No, that  is not the right way to do it.   I am frequently asked: Well, what should we do? The Affordable Care  Act, doesn't it have problems? Doesn't it need to be fixed?   The Affordable Care Act has done a lot of good. It has given people  coverage who never had coverage before. It has reined in the  discriminatory practices of health insurance companies. It has made a  dramatic improvement on dealing with minority health and health  disparities. It has provided essential health benefits so we deal with  mental health and addiction. It has done a lot of really good things,  but, yes, we could improve it. There has never been a major law passed  without us going back and revisiting.   Why haven't Democrats been part of this process? Well, we could not  get engaged in this process because the way this bill came to the  floor, it didn't come through the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee, it didn't come in through the Finance Committee,  the two committees of jurisdiction that deal with the healthcare system  in this country. Instead, it came in through the majority leader using  the rule XIV process to bring out a reconciliation bill that can be  jammed through, with limited time and no open amendment process, from  the point of view that amendments have to be germane to the  reconciliation instructions so we don't have an opportunity to fix this  bill.   We weren't part of the process to develop the bill. You are not  giving an opportunity for the democratic system to work. There was no  on-ramp for Democrats to get engaged in the process.   About 2 weeks ago--maybe 3 weeks ago now--I filed legislation and  sent letters to my Republican colleagues telling them: I want to work  with you. I do. I have worked with Republicans in the Finance Committee  on healthcare bills. We have gotten some good things done. Democrats  and Republicans want to work together, so let's work together.   The legislation I filed dealt with the two major problems that I hear  about, as I travel throughout Maryland, regarding what we need to fix  on the Affordable Care Act and how we can make it better.   Problem No. 1, we need more stability and competition within the  individual marketplace. Yes, we have seen large proposed increases in  premiums in the individual marketplace--not in the group plans where  most Americans have their insurance but in the individual marketplace.  Why? Because we don't have enough people who have signed up in the  exchanges. Younger, healthier people, because there really hasn't been  a penalty imposed, have chosen not to join. They will say: Look, we  will join if we have a need.   We have also found that with President Trump indicating he may not  fund the cost-sharing provisions that go directly to the insurance  carriers that keep the premiums low and the deductibles and copays low,  this also has a lot of insurance companies nervous. As a result, the  premium increases are larger than what we had anticipated. We need to  do something about it.   How can we keep those premium increases at a more reasonable growth  rate rather than what we have seen? One way we could do it is a  proposal that, I believe, has bipartisan support; that is, deal with  what is known as reinsurance. Reinsurance is a way we spread the risk  over a greater group of people, therefore dealing with those high-risk  pools in a way in which their premium costs are much more affordable.   Another way we can do it is by Congress mandating that the President  fund the cost-sharing with the insurance carriers so we don't have the  threat that they are going to pull out those funds that are used to  keep copays and deductibles low.   Another way we can do it is to increase our support for those who are  of  [[Page S4127]]  modest income and the funds they have to lay out for their premiums  because we know you can make a good salary, but because of the cost of  healthcare, if you don't have an employer providing part of those  benefits, it is very hard for you to be able to afford that without  some help. We can do all of that.   Another thing we could do is bring more competition into the  individual marketplace. We have had those who have suggested a Medicare  for all. We have had those who have suggested Medicare for the near  elderly--the 55 to 65 age group or something similar to that. We have  others who have suggested that we have a public option under the  exchanges. All those, to me, make sense because it just brings in more  competition. There is no additional government cost here because they  are not subsidized any differently than any other insurance plan, but  it gives more options, more choice, more competition, and therefore  more stability in the individual marketplace. We could do all that and  all that can help.   The other thing we really need to deal with is to deal with the  overall cost of healthcare. Here, again, Democrats and Republicans have  had ideas. Why don't we take on the pharmaceutical industry? Why do  Americans pay twice what Canadians pay for the same medicines that are  manufactured here in the United States? Why don't we have rebates in  the Medicare system like the rebates we have in the Medicaid system?  Why don't we organize our purchasing power in a larger pool so we can  get greater discounts for the government taxpayers? All those things  will bring down the cost of prescription medicines. The President has  talked about it. Democrats and Republicans have talked about it. It is  time we act.   We have acted in several areas to try to deal with more value-based  reimbursements in our healthcare system, recognizing we should treat  the person, not the particular disease. Many people have more than one  ailment, and they have to go back to the doctor multiple times. Why  don't we have a more coordinated, integrated care model?   I talked on the floor about 2 weeks ago about the coordinated care  model between Sheppard Pratt Hospital in Baltimore and Mosaic, which  deals with behavioral health issues and how they deal with it in an  integrated, coordinated care model, which saves money. It saves money.  There are fewer tests, more timely interventions.   How can we use telemedicine? They are using telepsychiatry. How can  we use that to bring down the cost of care? When I am asked in my  district, asked in my State as to what I can do--where is my plan, and  how can we fix the Affordable Care Act--my answer is quite simple: I am  proud of the progress we have made under the Affordable Care Act. I  invite Democrats and Republicans through our committees to work  together to improve it. Yes, we can improve it. We can provide more  stability in the individual marketplace. We can bring down the high  annual growth we have seen in premiums in the individual marketplace.  We can continue to bring down the growth rate of healthcare costs by  working together on some of these commonsense approaches in order to  deal with healthcare in America. All of this I think we can do, with  Democrats and Republicans working together. But the first order of  business--and I urge my colleagues--the first order of business is to  stop this process of trying to jam a repeal of the Affordable Care Act  and a replacement that would cost tens of millions of people in this  country their health coverage and would move in the wrong direction on  how we should improve healthcare in America. Let's get that off the  table.    Let's reject this motion to proceed that the majority leader is  talking about voting on later this week. Let's do what Senator  Alexander, the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions  Committee has suggested. Let's have hearings in our committees. Let's  work together, and let's bring legislation that stabilizes the  Affordable Care Act and deals with the two major problems that the  people in this country are talking about; that is, bringing down the  growth rate of premium costs and bringing down the overall growth rate  of healthcare costs in America. I believe we can do both by working  together. There are suggestions I have made, and I am sure other  Members have. Let's work on those. Let's work together and get it done.  Let's do what is in the best interest of the people in this country.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Montana.   