 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today I am proud to stand here for the  [[Page S7815]]  recognition of the 50-year anniversary of a great organization in  Ohio--Alvis. It is in Columbus, OH, and was formerly known as Alvis  House. It was founded in Columbus, OH, with a broad mission of helping  people in the community through human service programs to promote  prosperous lives, with a focus on an individual's potential and not  their past.   Over the years, I have had the privilege of working closely with  Alvis as they have become a model for reentry programs and treatment  service programs with a focus on meeting individual goals--a customized  approach--building a successful future, and implementing fundamental  change for families and for our communities.   Since its opening in 1967, Alvis has grown from a single 15-bed home  helping 60 men a year to an organization of 13 locations throughout  Columbus, Chillicothe, Dayton, Lima, and Toledo. It now serves more  than 8,000 people annually. This agency has helped provide support and  hope to thousands of individuals who are returning to their communities  after having spent time in the criminal justice system, as well as  offering recovery and developmental disability services that encourage  health, growth, and independent citizenship.   Alvis has been the recipient of Federal grants authorized by the  Second Chance Act for their work in reentry. As the author of the  Second Chance Act when I was in the House of Representatives, I have  had the opportunity and the privilege to go to Alvis facilities and to  see firsthand the good work that is being done using that legislation.  I am proud to have worked with my friend and the corporate president  and CEO of Alvis, Denise Robinson, to assist Alvis as it delivers  services to Ohioans to turn their lives around so that people can  indeed fulfill their God-given potential in life, and they have had a  lot of successes.   Alvis recently opened its 14th location, the Alvis Pages Recovery and  Treatment Center, in April of this year on the South Side of Columbus  to help provide access to treatment and recovery. Alvis continues to  lead in its mission to turn lives around 180 degrees.   In my work with regard to the opioid crisis in Ohio, we have looked  to this treatment center and looked to the model that they provide  other treatment centers to turn those lives around.   I am confident that Alvis will continue these next 50 years to offer  these same comprehensive services for overcoming the challenges of  transitioning out of the correctional system, treating substance abuse,  mental health, trauma, and promoting dependence and accountability for  those with developmental disabilities.   I applaud the outstanding commitment of Alvis, its staff, and all  those who have been involved in reaching this milestone and making  these first 50 years such a success in the lives of so many people.   Madam President, I would also like to speak today about a nomination  that is before the Senate right now. Today we will have the first vote  on Kirstjen Nielsen, the administration's nominee to be the next  Secretary of Homeland Security. I want to talk about why I believe she  must be confirmed.   I had the privilege of introducing Kirstjen Nielsen during her  nomination hearing in the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs Committee. In that committee, she received broad bipartisan  support, and I hope the Senate can now come together in a bipartisan  fashion to confirm her as Secretary so she can get on with the critical  work of leading the Department of Homeland Security.   I am delighted we are having a cloture vote today--I wish it had been  a few weeks ago--and I am looking for a vote to confirm her later this  week. I would encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  look carefully at this nomination because we need her there, and it  would be great if we had a strong bipartisan vote to send her there. I  think she is ready to hit the ground running on day one. I say this  because she knows the Department. She knows what the challenges are,  and she knows how to address them.   She will be the first Department of Homeland Security nominee ever to  have had previous experience at the Department of Homeland Security.  She was a Policy Director for the Transportation Security  Administration during the George W. Bush administration--that is TSA.  She took over that role shortly after the attacks on September 11,  2001, and later served on President Bush's White House Homeland  Security Council as the Senior Director for Prevention, Preparedness,  and Response. I got to see her good work in that capacity. Most  recently, she served as the Department's Chief of Staff for former  Secretary John Kelly. She proved herself during the early stages of the  administration's transition and experienced firsthand the challenges of  managing this diverse and sprawling agency.   With her homeland security experience from those transformative years  in the Department, her industry and homeland security consulting  experience, and her most recent efforts in this administration, I  believe Ms. Nielsen will be a capable leader--needed badly in this  ever-evolving threat environment in which we find ourselves.   Throughout her career in government and in the private sector, Ms.  Nielsen has developed extensive experience in homeland security  strategy, cyber security, transportation security, and emergency  resilience--all critical areas for the next Secretary to understand. As  we have seen countless times from terror attacks, cyber attacks, and  natural disasters, tragedies persist despite our preparation, and we  need to remain resilient and responsive to overcome new challenges and  combat these evolving threats. I believe she gets that. She understands  it. I believe she is well qualified to lead the Department of Homeland  Security as a result.   From our conversations we have had both before and during her  nomination hearing, I can say confidently that Ms. Nielsen is committed  to addressing the most pressing issues facing our country. She has  signaled that she has a full commitment to working with the U.S.  Congress on both sides of the aisle to get this done.   There are so many issues this Department faces. For a moment, I would  like to talk about one of those issues that is critically important to  me and really to every Member in this body that she has made a  commitment to addressing and will be able, I think, to make a big  difference; that is, the scourge of deadly forms of synthetic heroin  that are being shipped into your communities.   Synthetic heroin--usually fentanyl, sometimes carfentanil--is one of  the great new threats we face in our communities. It is an example of  one of the emerging threats that the Department of Homeland Security  and its agency, Customs and Border Protection, must address.   Fentanyl is up to 50 times more powerful than heroin. Carfentanil is  even stronger than that. These drugs are increasingly taking people's  lives in my home State of Ohio and around the country. Fentanyl is so  deadly that as little as 3 milligrams can be lethal to an adult male.   By initial estimates of 2016 statistics, fentanyl deaths in America  have increased by 540 percent in the past 3 years. In 2016 alone, more  than 20,000 Americans died from fentanyl overdoses.   Tragically, my home State of Ohio is at the center of this national  epidemic. In 2015, fentanyl was involved in slightly more than 38  percent of the State's overdose deaths. Last year, that number  increased to more than 58 percent. Fifty-eight percent of our drug  overdose deaths in Ohio last year involved fentanyl. In the first 2  months of this year--2017--fentanyl was involved in approximately 90  percent of drug overdoses. So this is an emerging threat to all of our  communities.    Fentanyl is a threat to every State represented in this Chamber and  in every community. While overdose victims are most often the drug  users themselves, it has also become a great threat to law enforcement  and to children who have been inadvertently exposed--tragically  exposed--to this substance.   An example is Chris Greene, a police officer in East Liverpool, OH.  He was exposed to fentanyl while performing a routine car search, he  thought, earlier this year. He pulled a couple of guys over. When he  pulled them over, he noticed a white powdery substance in the car, and  being alert to that, he put on  [[Page S7816]]  his gloves, he put on a mask, and he proceeded to determine it was  fentanyl they had spread around the car to try to hide the fact that  they were moving drugs.   When he got back to the police station after the search to book these  individuals, Officer Green noticed there was something on his shirt,  and he did what any of us would do; he reached down to brush it off of  his shirt. Unfortunately, it was fentanyl, and the fentanyl became  exposed to his fingers. Just that small amount absorbing through his  skin caused him to have an overdose. This is a big guy, 6 foot 2, 220  pounds, great shape, and he fell to the ground unconscious.   Luckily, he was able to get immediate medical assistance at the  police station, but it took four doses of Narcan to revive Officer  Green. He said at the time he would have died had he been alone. Think  if he had gone home to his family and he had hugged one of his kids and  his kids had been exposed to that fentanyl.   So this is a great danger, obviously, to our communities generally  and to individuals but also to our first responders who are,  unfortunately, finding out that these dangerous poisons are more and  more of a danger.   Children are also being exposed. This fall, a 12-year-old Columbus  boy died as a result of fentanyl exposure. He was at a sleepover for a  birthday party when he came into contact with the deadly poison someone  had left lying around. He was unconscious by the time paramedics  arrived, and he died in the hospital 2 days later.   These synthetic forms of heroin have created a new challenge for law  enforcement as they increasingly account for more and more of our  overdose deaths. Combating this threat requires solutions from across  the Federal Government, along with local, State, and private sector  initiatives. We talked earlier about an organization in Ohio that is  dealing with this threat that is coming into our communities, and the  private sector and nonprofits have a huge role to play but so does the  Federal Government, and so does the Department of Homeland Security.  Again, Kirstjen Nielsen understands that need. The Department of  Homeland Security plays a critical role in countering the significant  threat because it comes through the U.S. mail system, and it is Customs  and Border Protection officers who are meant to screen those packages  that come in through the mail.   Unlike heroin, which enters the U.S. over land, typically from  Mexico, manufacturers, mostly in China, ship fentanyl through the U.S.  mail directly into our communities. The Federal Government is  responsible here. We are supposed to combat the spread of illegal drugs  coming through the mail system, but in the case of fentanyl coming from  labs in China, the U.S. Postal Service is oftentimes used as a conduit  without any check. Drugs should not be as easy to send as a postcard,  and the U.S. mail service should not be able to be exploited as a drug  trafficking service.   This is why we have introduced in the Congress legislation called the  STOP Act. It is bipartisan. It is sensible. If enacted, it would give  Customs and Border Protection officers, along with their law  enforcement partners, the tools they need to identify suspicious  packages by requiring the U.S. Postal Service to provide advanced  electronic data on all of the packages and mail entering the United  States. Already information as to what is in the package, where it is  from, where it is going, the name of the center is required if you send  it through one of the private carrier systems--UPS, FedEx, DHL, and  others. Unfortunately, the Postal Service is not required to do that  and, as a result, traffickers do what one would think they would do,  they choose our U.S. Postal Service to send this poison into our  communities, to a post office box, maybe to an abandoned warehouse  address.   This fentanyl is being spread throughout our communities. We need to  hold the Postal Service to that same standard.   At a recent hearing, Acting Customs and Border Protection  Commissioner Kevin McAleenen voiced his support for reforms like those  in the STOP Act and said advanced electronic data would enhance their  detection and prevention efforts. I have seen this firsthand. I have  visited the sites in Ohio where Customs and Border Protection is asked  to screen these packages. When they are with these private carriers,  they can find packages, take them offline, and carefully--because it  requires a lot of care, given the poisonous nature of the packages-- deal with it.   President Trump's opioid commission recently issued its  recommendations. They endorsed the STOP Act and called for it to be  enacted and implemented into the Commission's final report just a month  ago.   At her confirmation hearing last month, Ms. Nielsen voiced her  support for the STOP Act. I was pleased to have her commitment to  getting this bill into law and implemented by CBP--Customs and Border  Protection--so we can keep more of these deadly poisons off our  streets.   There is no one solution to the opioid epidemic, but the STOP Act  will give law enforcement the tools they need to help stop this  synthetic form of heroin from entering our communities in the first  place, while also raising the cost of this synthetic heroin. The end  result will be saving countless lives.   So to get back to Ms. Nielsen, again, she is eminently qualified for  this post and able to address so many of the tough issues we face as a  country, including the evolving threats like the fentanyl issue and the  terrorism issues we have talked about today. We need her at the  Department of Homeland Security. We need her now. She is the leader we  need for this critical and sprawling Department at a time when our  homeland security posture has never been more critical, more important.   I hope my colleagues will come together, on a bipartisan basis, and  vote Ms. Nielsen out this week as the next Secretary of the Department  of Homeland Security.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    I thank the Senator.   