 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the  Senate as in morning business.    Mr. President, this week marks 30 years of loyal service  to the Senate by one Joe Donoghue, my legislative director--30 years  working for the citizens of Arizona and trying to make me a better  Senator. During those three decades, he worked his way from the  mailroom to a position of considerable importance on my staff. He has  made himself something of an expert not only on Senate procedure but on  all the many issues our staff has worked on over the years--from budget  matters to immigration reform, to national security.   Joe is capable, intelligent, hard-working, and trustworthy--a  justifiably proud professional staffer, a pro's pro. He is well liked  by staff and Members on both sides of the aisle, especially by those  who, like him, have dedicated most of their careers to the Senate. I  have come to depend on his professionalism and his counsel. More than  that, my wife Cindy and my children treasure his friendship, as do I-- as do I.   Joe and I began our Senate careers around the same time. He started  sorting mail and performing other entry-level duties in the first year  of my first term. He was 18 years old. I wasn't quite that young, but  it was a long time ago for both of us.   When he came to work with us, I don't think Joe knew if I was a  Republican or Democrat. He just knew he needed a part-time job to pay  for books and beer. These were pre-internet and email days, and making  certain the immense amount of mail we received from constituents was  opened, given to me or to appropriate staff, and answered as quickly as  possible was very labor intensive and challenging, but he acquitted  himself well, as he has with every responsibility he has accepted on my  behalf.   His work ethic and reliability quickly made him indispensable. He  worked his way up to legislative correspondent and then to legislative  assistant, with the lead responsibility for, among other things,  helping me fight years of pitched battles with appropriations bills,  targeting wasteful spending, and the practice of earmarking. Those were  the days when the Senate actually debated appropriations bills. I have  many fond memories of Joe drafting thousands of amendments at my  direction to strike wasteful earmarks, although I am not sure they are  fond memories for the floor staff who had to process the amendments.   As I mentioned, in addition to his legislative work, Joe was my  driver for over 20 years. I travel an awful lot, back and forth to  Arizona on weekends, campaigning for colleagues, and on overseas trips.  During the week, when the Senate is in session, my nights are often  consumed with meetings, dinners, and speeches. Joe worked a long shift  in the office during the day and drove me to various appointments day  and night--taking me to airports and picking me up, getting me safely  and on time through Washington traffic to keep a schedule that was  always impossibly crowded.   We spent a lot of hours together--thousands of hours--and Joe was  almost always good company, even when I was not. He always made a point  on those drives to tell me a joke, and some of them got me in trouble  when I repeated them in public.   During my 2008 Presidential campaign, Joe worked as my assistant,  traveling from campaign stop to campaign stop, doing all manner of  small and large tasks for me, even once holding an umbrella overhead  while I gave a speech in the rain in Manchester, NH.   As my legislative director, Joe is someone everyone on my staff looks  to for policy guidance and instruction on Senate procedure and for  insights into the personalities and priorities of senior staff in other  offices and for the leadership. He goes out of his way to make sure  each one of my staff knows they are appreciated and an integral part of  our office. I am grateful for Joe Donoghue's faithful service to my  office, the Senate, the people of Arizona, and to me.   On their behalf and mine, I want to thank Joe. I have barked at you,  teased you, laughed with you, and counted on you. We have been through  a lot of highs and lows in our 30-year association--good times and bad.  The good times were better and the bad times easier because of your  help and friendship. Thank you, my friend, my dear friend. It has been  quite a ride together. I cannot imagine serving here without you.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Great job.    Thank you.   