 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3971, the Community  Institution Mortgage Relief Act. It is an important bill that is  cosponsored by a bipartisan group of Members--again, bipartisan. It was  approved in the Financial Services Committee with a strong bipartisan  vote of 41-19, and it has a long track record of bipartisan support,  [[Page H9801]]  and all Members should take note of this.   I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Tenney), who is a  fine member of the Financial Services Committee. I want to thank her  for introducing the legislation and really helping lead our  congressional effort to provide needed regulatory relief for our small  community banks and credit unions, to give them relief from rules that  are unfairly restricting our constituents' access to mortgage credit.  This is mortgage credit that would help Americans achieve a greater  level of financial independence by being able to achieve perhaps their  version of the American Dream, a home they can actually afford to keep.   H.R. 3971 is a narrowly focused, modest effort to resolve concerns  related to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's rules  implementing Dodd-Frank Act provisions on escrows and mortgage  servicing. The CFPB's escrow requirements for property taxes and  insurance are unnecessary, they are impractical, and they are a  significant expense that just makes it harder for community banks and  credit unions to offer mortgage loans to their customers and members.   These escrow accounts are the accounts that people use to pay their  taxes and pay their homeowners insurance. With the amendment soon to be  introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. Sherman), a cosponsor  of this legislation, this bipartisan bill would simply relieve certain  small community banks and credit unions from the obligation to provide  escrow accounts if they have consolidated assets of $10 billion or less  and hold the mortgage on their balance sheet for 3 years.   Again, Mr. Speaker, if they are holding the mortgage on their balance  sheet, they have every incentive--every incentive to protect the  collateral and ensure that tax and insurance payments are current.  There is no reason to force them, these community banks and credit  unions, to go through this very expensive process of escrowing,  particularly if the customer or the credit union member doesn't want  it.   A large majority of community banks do not currently escrow because  of the cost of which I have spoken. And requiring them to do so, Mr.  Speaker, is only going to stop them from making loans; fewer home  loans, fewer people with homeownership opportunity.   You know, a community banker in Missouri recently told us that the  CFPB's rule has forced his bank to ``limit in-house residential real  estate lending.'' The banker went on to say: ``This is hurting the  housing market and our community.'' That just shouldn't be happening,  Mr. Speaker.   A credit union official in Pennsylvania told us that this  bureaucratic CFPB requirement has caused his credit union members to  become ``very upset and confused as to why they were unable to pay  their taxes how they always had.''   He went on to write: ``These members had managed their tax and  insurance payments for years without institution interference, but  suddenly they feel like the government now told them they were not  responsible enough to manage their own affairs.''   This echoes precisely what we learn from a credit union leader in  Pennsylvania who wrote a letter saying that ``changes to mortgage  servicing rules have made it more expensive and more time consuming.  Servicing rules and regulations have become a full-time regulatory and  compliance nightmare.'' Again, Mr. Speaker, fewer home loans means  fewer homes for our constituents. It is not right.   To fix these problems, H.R. 3971 would also increase the small  servicer exemption threshold from 5,000 mortgages to 20,000 mortgages  annually, which better delineates small servicers from the large  servicers. A community bank or credit union that services fewer than  20,000 mortgages should not be subject to the same regulatory scrutiny  as the big financial institution that has a $2 trillion servicing  portfolio.   Again, these important reforms will give smaller credit unions and  community banks greater flexibility to ensure more of their members and  customers can get a loan to buy a home and stay in their home.   Again, Mr. Speaker, Ms. Tenney's bill has strong bipartisan support.  It has in the past; I expect it will have it again today. It solves a  real problem for our constituents, and I urge adoption of the measure.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Luetkemeyer), the chairman of the  Financial Services Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer  Credit.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds just to say we  are losing a community bank or credit union a day in America, and we  are losing them because they are drowning in a sea of Dodd-Frank  regulations; and as they perish, so do the dreams of many of our  constituents.   Mr. Speaker, if a small community bank or credit union makes a loan  and keeps it on their books, guess what. They want the loan repaid.  They are going to make sure that the taxes are kept current. They are  going to make sure the insurance is kept current. They don't need the  burdensome regulation coming out from some Washington bureaucrat  telling them how to do their business. They want to ensure the loan  gets paid anyway.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Rothfus), the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee  on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Williams), a fellow Texan and a member of the Financial  Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Barr), chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on  Monetary Policy and Trade.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Utah (Mrs. Love), an outstanding member of the Financial Services  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Utah.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Duncan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Budd), a very hardworking member of the Financial  Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I listened very carefully to my colleague, the ranking  member, and I know how much respect she has--bordering, perhaps, on  religious fealty--to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and I  must admit, now that it is being led by our former colleague Mick  Mulvaney of South Carolina, I am taking a renewed interest in their  actions and their pronouncements. I am just curious, as time goes by,  whether the ranking member will continue to show such faith and  confidence in that particular institution.   Here is what we know, Mr. Speaker. All across America, we continue to  lose one community bank or credit union a day. They are not perishing  of natural causes. They are perishing from the sheer weight, volume,  load, cost, complexity, and expense of the Dodd-Frank regulatory  burden, of which this CFPB rule is just one aspect.   Again, as my colleague, the chairman of the Financial Institutions  and Consumer Credit Subcommittee--I believe it was he who pointed it  out. There is not any one particular regulation that may cause the  demise of these financial institutions, but it is the totality of them  all. And as they perish, so perishes the American Dream of  homeownership for so many of our constituents, particularly in rural  areas like much of the Fifth District of Texas that I have the honor  and pleasure of representing.   Mr. Speaker, it is important that we save our community financial  institutions. They play a vital role in our economy. It takes small  banks and credit unions to fund our small businesses, which are the job  engine of America. But again, they are being crushed by a regulatory  burden.  [[Page H9806]]    So I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Tenney) for  bringing, again, just one needed, vital regulatory relief bill.   Again, let's make sure, Mr. Speaker, everybody knows what this bill  is talking about.   Number one, already in current law, there is an exemption for small  financial institutions dealing with having mortgage servicing and  mortgage escrows. We are trying to bring it to a more reasonable level,  an exemption that already exists. And I assume that the ranking member  believes in the exemption or she would offer legislation to repeal it  in total. So now we are debating how large this exemption ought to be.   Given how many of our constituents still are in need of mortgage  opportunities, given the demise of our community banks and credit  unions, I think what we are trying to do here is most reasonable. Soon,  the gentleman from California on the other side of the aisle, a  respected Democratic member of the committee, will offer an amendment  that I believe the sponsor of the legislation--I, myself, am willing to  accept because we are trying to work on a bipartisan basis.   There is a lot of bipartisan legislation that goes to the House  Financial Services Committee. I wish the ranking member would  participate in more of it, as she did last week. I am sorry she is  losing out on this opportunity today, so I am happy to work with the  gentleman from California on a bipartisan basis to get this legislation  done.   Another important note to be had, Mr. Speaker, is we get this  implication from the ranking member that, oh, my Lord, if we pass this  bill, H.R. 3971, all of a sudden, all consumer protection law  disappears from the books. Well, I have got good news: it doesn't.   After the passage of H.R. 3971, all of these mortgages will still be  subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act; they will still be subject  to regulation B; they will still be subject to the Fair Housing Act;  they will still be subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act; they will  still be subject to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act; they will still  be subject to the Homeowners Protection Act; they will still be subject  to the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act.   I have got a whole sheet here, Mr. Speaker.   Again, that is a red herring. At the end of the day, this is about  ensuring our constituents, particularly in rural areas, have access to  mortgage credit and that community banks and credit unions that are  absolutely suffering under the weight of the load aren't forced to  escrow when they keep a mortgage on their books for 3 years. They are  going to make sure the taxes are paid. They are going to make sure the  insurance is paid. Instead, all that regulation does is burdens them  and causes them to make fewer mortgage loans and, in some cases, no  mortgage loans.   So, again, I just want salute the gentlewoman from New York. I want  to thank her for her leadership and what she is doing for her  constituents in rural New York, and I urge everybody to adopt H.R.  3971.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition.    Mr. Speaker, I am looking at this motion to recommit,  and, on its best day, it may be superfluous and redundant; and on its  worst day, it may be confusing. But I fear, in many respects, it is  just a smokescreen to give many of my friends on the other side of the  aisle an excuse not to vote for the underlying legislation, H.R. 3971.   Already the CFPB has full UDAAP authority to deal with unfair,  deceptive, and abusive acts. That already exists. So this is a red  herring that somehow people are using the lack of the passage of the  MTR as a rationale not to support H.R. 3971, which is vitally needed  for so many of our community financial institutions to be able to make  home mortgage loans to hardworking Americans who deserve their chance  at the American Dream.    Again, as I said earlier during this debate, Mr. Speaker, all of  these mortgages continue to be subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity  Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Home  Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Homeownership Counseling Act, the  Homeowners Protection Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act,  the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act, the Truth  in Lending Act, Regulation Z, and the list goes on and on and on.   That is simply an excuse. The MTR is an excuse not to save our  struggling community banks and our citizens in rural America who  deserve the services of these community banks and credit unions.   Again, on its best day, it is superfluous and redundant. On its worst  day,  [[Page H9808]]  it is introducing confusing language into an already settled area of  the law for consumer protection.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to reject the motion to recommit, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   