 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the Arctic National  Wildlife Refuge and the obscenity that will be the attempt by the  Republicans to insert into the budget bill an ability for the big oil  companies of our country to be able to drill for oil in this sacred,  pristine Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.   I first wish to thank Senator Cantwell from the State of Washington,  our great Democratic leader on the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee, for her leadership not just on this issue but on so many  other issues in the energy and environment area that we are having to  confront during this era of Donald Trump.   Let me just tell my colleagues that the Republican budget is  ultimately all about massive handouts to the 1-percent richest people  in our country and to huge corporations, while doing almost nothing for  working and middle-class Americans in our country. In this bill, the  Republicans will slash Medicaid and Medicare while at the same time  blowing a $1.5 trillion hole in the deficit to finance tax cuts for the  superrich. But if that weren't bad enough, tucked inside of the  Republican budget is a poison pill, one more massive corporate  handout--a giveaway of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska to  Big Oil.    Senate Republicans have included instructions for the fiscal year  2018 budget resolution that would open the door for drilling in one of  America's greatest natural resources. This GOP budget sets the stage  for Republicans to ram drilling in the crown jewel of America's  National Wildlife Refuge System through the Senate's using only a 50- vote threshold. This is nothing more than a Big Oil polar payout. This  cold-hearted Republican budgetary scam only underscores the backward  priorities of President Trump and congressional Republicans.   As our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico look desperately for relief  from the devastation of Hurricane Maria, there has been no refuge in  the Trump administration. When tens of millions of Americans wanted to  be sure that their healthcare would be protected, there was no refuge  in the Republican Party. But the instant billionaires and oil companies  look for a tax cut, a refuge suddenly appears. That is when the  Republicans can find a refuge. Unfortunately, it is the Arctic National  Wildlife Refuge.   But the Republican plan to offset $1.5 trillion in tax cuts for the  superwealthy will only result in $1 billion being able to be raised  from allowing the oil companies to drill in this pristine refuge. That  plan neither makes any sense nor will it actually bring in any cents  sufficient to pay for this  [[Page S6444]]  huge tax break and the deficit they are creating.   Maybe my colleagues on the other side of the aisle think there is a  different exchange rate above the Arctic Circle, but down here those  numbers don't even come close to adding up. This is exactly the kind of  polarizing politics we need to get away from--giveaways to Big Oil and  billionaires at the expense of the American people and our planet.   There is a long, bipartisan history of fighting to protect the Arctic  Refuge for future generations. It was Republican President Dwight D.  Eisenhower who began this bipartisan legacy by setting aside the core  of the Arctic Refuge in 1960. It was further protected by President  Kennedy and Senator Tom Udall's father, Secretary of Interior Stewart  Udall, during the Kennedy and Johnson administrations. Then,  Representative Mo Udall succeeded in doubling the size of the Refuge,  protecting even more of this untrammeled wilderness. Protecting this  special place has always been an issue that rose above party lines, and  it should continue to do so.   In 2015 the Interior Department recommended that Congress designate  this area as wilderness and not open it to drilling. In making that  wilderness recommendation, the Department of the Interior concluded  that the ``Arctic Refuge exemplifies the idea of wilderness--to leave  some remnants of this nation's natural heritage intact, wild, and free  of the human intent to control, alter, or manipulate the natural  order.''   The Coastal Plain is the biological heart of the Refuge. The Fish and  Wildlife Service has called it the ``center for wildlife activity'' in  the Refuge. It supports more than 250 species, including caribou, polar  bears, and migratory birds, but that is exactly where this Republican  legislation would allow Big Oil to drill, forever despoiling this  ecosystem.   Two years ago, we lifted the four-decades-old ban on exporting  American crude oil. As a result of that giveaway to the big oil  industry, we are now exporting more U.S. crude oil--nearly 1 million  barrels a day--than we could ever produce from drilling in the Arctic  Refuge.   We have a fracking revolution taking place in our country right now.  We hear it over and over from President Trump. We hear it from the  Republicans: There is a fracking revolution. We are on our way to  energy independence. We should lift the ban on exporting oil out of the  United States. We should start selling it around the world to the  highest bidder. We have so much oil that we can afford to send it out  of our own country. Don't worry about it; there is no problem with  exporting American oil.   As a matter of fact, what the Trump administration also says is this:  Don't worry about the fuel economy standards in America. We are going  to start to review them so we can lower--lower--the goals for our  country for making the vehicles that we drive in our country more  efficient.   Where do we put the oil in our country? We put 70 percent into  gasoline tanks. We don't have to be a detective to figure out what  happens if, instead of having our cars continue to get more and more  efficient in terms of reducing the amount of oil that we need, we have  our standards get lower and lower, and, as a result, we need to consume  more oil.   What does the Trump administration say? They say they are going to  review the fuel economy standards. They are going to take a ``we can't  do it'' stand. They are going to take an ``it's too hard to improve the  economy standards'' stand. That is what they said for four decades: It  is too hard.   But during the Obama administration they were able to put on the  books a standard that moves America to 54.5 miles per gallon by the  year 2025 in the United States of America--54.5 miles per gallon. That  is where the plug-in hybrid revolution comes from. That is where the  all-electric vehicle revolution comes from. That is where Elon Musk  comes from. That is where all of these statements coming from the  Chinese, the Indians, Volvo, and others come from. It is this movement  toward plug-in hybrids and all-electric vehicles, reducing the amount  of oil that we consume,--not just here in the United States, but around  the globe.   What does the Trump administration say? We can't do it. It is too  hard. We are going to review those standards. So they are saying: We  don't have the technological capability to accomplish something  that avoids the necessity of having to drill in a pristine wildlife  refuge--to put a gasoline station on top of something that should be  preserved for generations to come. They are saying: We can't improve  the fuel economy standards. We are going to export 1 million barrels of  oil a day. Guess what. We are going to go up into the Arctic Refuge in  order to find the oil so that the gas guzzlers can stay on the road and  so we can export oil to China. We are going to allow, finally, for the  Big Oil cartel--which is now taking over the Department of the  Interior, the Department of Energy, and the EPA--the ability to be able  to despoil one of the last untrammeled, perfect, pristine areas in our  country.    That is just fundamentally wrong, and we are going to have a vote on  it on the floor of the Senate during this budget debate. To raise $1  billion total as they run up a deficit of $1.5 trillion, they despoil  this sacred part of our country. It is immoral. It is wrong. It says  that the Trump administration is handing over the keys of our  government to the big oil companies. It is saying: No matter how many  hurricanes hit our country, no matter how warm the water is off the  coast of our country, they are going to remain in climate change  denial--that it is really not a problem. Therefore, you don't have to  increase the fuel economy standards. You don't have to reduce the  fossil fuels going into the atmosphere. You don't have to worry.  Climate change--ignore it. Fuel economy standards--we are not going to  do it. What is the one thing we will do? For the oil industry, we are  going to allow them to drill in the pristine Arctic wilderness. It is  immoral--fundamentally immoral.   For 60 years, going back to Eisenhower, we figured out how to protect  it. But now, at the height of a fracking revolution, with millions of  new barrels of oil; at the height of an incredible plug-in hybrid and  all-electric vehicle revolution, as we are reducing the amount of oil  we are consuming in our country; at the height of storms that are  assaulting every part of our Nation with an intensity we have never  seen in our history, the President says: I am going to ignore all of  those issues and just focus upon what Big Oil wants.   This is going to be a monumental debate we will have on the floor of  the Senate this week. I am looking forward to that debate because I  think the American people are going to want to know who has voted which  way on this critical environmental issue--the environment issue, in my  opinion--which will be taken on the floor of the Senate this week and  will be led by our great leader on energy and environment issues,  Senator Maria Cantwell, from the State of Washington. She has been a  clear, consistent, insistent voice on these issues.   I think this week we are going to have the kind of historic debate  the American people will want us to have on this issue.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.   