 Mr. Speaker, our country is experiencing a  retirement security crisis. Nearly 40 million private sector workers do  not have access to a retirement savings plan at their jobs. The data  and research also show that many middle- and low-income workers lack  the ability to save enough on their own for retirement. Too many  Americans lack access to retirement savings plans and too few are able  to build a retirement nest egg on their own.   Unfortunately, Congress has not stepped up to comprehensively address  our country's retirement security challenges, but many States have  stepped up and enacted innovative solutions to expand working people's  access to retirement savings. California passed a law establishing a  program that is estimated to provide 6.8 million workers access to a  retirement savings plan. In Illinois, more than a million people are  expected to benefit from the State's retirement savings program.   Six other States have enacted programs. Dozens more have considered  proposals to study or implement State-based retirement plans. Several  of these States have worked with the Obama administration's Department  of Labor on rules to ensure that their workplace retirement savings  initiatives did not inadvertently run afoul of ERISA, the Federal law  establishing minimum standards for private sector pensions.   Last August, the Department of Labor finalized the rule specifying  the ERISA safe harbor conditions for State payroll deduction retirement  savings plans. The rule went into effect last October.   In December, the Department of Labor finalized another rule that made  certain cities and counties eligible for the same safe harbor  protections. This rule only went into effect last month.   Now, if there are legitimate concerns with the rules, the Trump  administration has the administrative tools available to appropriately  amend the final rules in the same fair, thoughtful, transparent manner  in which they were promulgated. However, this CRA disapproval  resolution, which was just introduced last week, will nullify the rule  that puts a safe harbor in place to ensure the plans do not run afoul  of ERISA. At the same time, under the CRA rules, it would make it  impossible to enact a similar rule to protect these savings plans in  the future without specific congressional approval.   This afternoon, the House will also consider a CRA disapproval  resolution which would overturn the month-old rule aimed at helping  certain cities and counties offer workplace retirement programs.   Mr. Speaker, Congress should not be in the business of destabilizing  efforts that increase workers' ability to save for retirement, and we  should not be going out of our way to undermine states' rights to  implement their own innovative solutions. These two resolutions  represent an attack on our Nation's working families. Congress must  stand up for working people who do not have access to retirement plans  at their jobs. America's working families deserve an opportunity to be  able to save enough to retire with dignity and peace of mind.   I urge my colleagues to reject both of these CRA joint resolutions of  disapproval.   