 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Neal for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as he well knows, is  one of my favorite Members. He is a good friend. He is a man of great  integrity. But, Mr. Speaker, both the House and Senate bills are bad  bills, and this is a sad day in the House.   Hypocrisy is on stark display. Responsibility is absent, and  politics--and donors--have subverted policy.   This conference is a sham: an attempt to make it appear that the  House and Senate are going through regular order. Sadly, we have not  gone through regular order. The thought is we will reconcile the two  versions of the dangerous Republican tax increase and deficit bill. I  call this a death tax because it will explode the deficit, as happened  in 1981, when, under Ronald Reagan for 8 years, we increased the debt  of this country 189 percent.   The chairman of the Ways and Means Committee mentions Mr. Obama, who  increased it 88 percent, or less than half of the Reagan increase in  the debt. And we were promised then, as we are promised now, that  cutting these taxes would grow the economy. It would if that were the  case.   But there won't be any real regular order in this conference, just as  there hasn't been throughout this entire process. There will only be  further closed-door, backroom antics by Republican leaders on their  own, asking Republican Members to take it or leave it. And this motion  to instruct, of course, will be defeated.   But Democrats are offering it because, from the very beginning, we  have made clear that we are here to work toward the kind of tax reform  that the American people want: tax reform that I worked with in 1986.   And they don't want an elimination of the deduction for State and  local taxes, which our motion would instruct the conferees not to do.  The deductions for State and local taxes support schools and first  responders in our communities, and the American people don't want to  kick 13 million people off of their health insurance coverage.   So our motion would instruct conferees to take that dangerous  provision out. But no motion to instruct can address all of the ways  that the Republican tax bill has put our people, and our future, in  danger.   The Senate bill raises taxes on somewhere around 78 million middle  class households, not as a pejorative, but as an income spectrum. Why?  To offset massive tax cuts for those not with whom we are at war, but  who are doing very well and don't need our help.   It plunges our children and grandchildren--of which I have a number-- an additional $1.7 trillion in debt--and I think that is the minimum-- making them pay tomorrow for what Republicans refuse to pay for today.   And for what? For what, Mr. Speaker, are we being asked to do all of  these things? For economic growth? For jobs?   We know it won't grow our economy in any substantial way faster. Why?  Because almost every economist tells us that. And we know that the few  jobs the Senate bill would create--and listen to this: that they claim  that they will create--will cost $1.9 million per job.   The vast majority of Americans won't benefit from this plan; but  those who are already extremely wealthy will benefit greatly--as a  matter of fact, 52 times what the gentleman will tell us.    Mr. Speaker, there is a saying that Texans like to use:  ``That dog won't hunt.'' It doesn't do what it is purported to do. It  doesn't take Einstein to predict what will happen this time around,  when he defined insanity as ``doing the same thing over and over again  and expecting different results.''   I have been here. I have seen this. I have heard this argument. It  has always resulted in the same thing.   I have more to say, but my time is up.   Mr. Speaker, let me say to the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of  the committee--he is going to tell me how much people in my district  get a tax break--tell me about my children and my grandchildren whose  debts he will pile on them to borrow money from China, or someplace  else, to give this tax cut that they will then have to pay off in their  time. Tell me how much my children will have their taxes raised.   He apparently doesn't know. That is sad.   