 Madam President, President Trump has routinely  attacked basic American freedoms--of the press, of peaceful assembly,  of religion, of speech. When he lost the popular vote, President-elect  Trump assailed the integrity of our electoral process and falsely  claimed that millions of people voted illegally. When the press exposed  those falsehoods, Mr. Trump dismissed credible reporting as ``fake  news.'' When the courts ruled that his travel ban was unlawful,  President Trump accused judges of abetting terrorists.   These actions have consequences beyond our own borders and embolden  dictators around the world. President Trump displays a worldview that  favors the military over diplomacy and transactional relationships over  strategic alliances. President Trump's uncritical embrace of autocrats  like Russian President Putin, Egyptian President Sisi, Turkish  President Erdogan, and Philippine President Duterte is a repudiation of  every reformer and activist seeking freedom from tyranny. It is a  repudiation of America's values and founding principles.   President Trump's approach to the world is shortsighted and self- defeating. The greatest threats to U.S. national security come from  countries that are corrupt, poorly governed, and fraught with poverty  and disease. These countries require sustained engagement and  assistance to prevent the kind of threats that could require American  soldiers to go into war. These countries require American leadership  and the American example to help address the root causes of conflict  and to give a voice to the aspirations of their people.   That is why President Trump's proposed 32 percent cut to the budget  of the State Department, his failure to put forward nominees for  leadership positions, and his disrespect for the career employees who  serve our country are so dangerous. By undermining American influence  abroad, President Trump erodes American strength.   While John Sullivan has an extensive career in public service, I am  concerned that he lacks experience at the State Department. An  understanding of the institution is, in many ways, as important as an  understanding of our complex diplomatic terrain. Despite these  concerns, I was encouraged by the statements and commitments he made at  his confirmation hearing.   In his testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Mr.  Sullivan committed to promoting American values abroad, saying: ``Our  greatest asset is our commitment to the fundamental values expressed at  the founding of our nation; the rights to life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness. These basic human rights are the bedrock of our  republic and at the heart of American leadership in the world.''   He underscored that our alliances and partnerships ``have been the  cornerstone of our national security in the post-war era.'' He  commended the foreign service officers, civil servants, and locally  employed staff who faithfully serve our country every day.   These statements are a rejection of the worldview proposed by  President Trump. I hope that Mr. Sullivan honors these statements in  office. For this reason, I support his nomination for Deputy Secretary  of State.   