 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last night, Deputy Attorney General Rod  Rosenstein appointed Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the  investigation into Russia's alleged meddling in the election last fall  and any related misconduct. Robert Mueller is perhaps the single-most  qualified individual to lead such an investigation, in my view, and he  is certainly independent.   As a former FBI Director--the longest serving FBI Director since J.  Edgar Hoover--he, by any measure, has the experience and the  credibility and the credentials to conduct a nonpartisan investigation  and come to a conclusion based on the facts alone. We could use some  conclusions based on facts here in Washington, with the relentless  torrent of rumor, gossip, and suspicion but very few facts. It is clear  to me that Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein felt this was in the best  interests of the Department of Justice and the country, and I trust his  judgment on the matter.   I do think there is a related concern now that a special counsel has  been chosen; that is, the proliferation of hearings and contact with  witnesses and the principals over this Russia matter that while  certainly legitimate in terms of doing oversight, which is our  responsibility as the legislative branch, we can't--and shouldn't-- intrude or perhaps undermine inadvertently the investigation being  conducted by the executive branch and the special counsel. I think this  is something we should talk about as a Senate because I know each  committee that has some jurisdictional hook on this issue wants, of  course, to do its job, but I think, if we don't deconflict between  committees, as well as between the role of the Justice Department and  the special counsel, we could risk inadvertently harming the  investigation. I trust no one would want to do that intentionally.   Sometimes, having served myself--as has the distinguished Presiding  Officer as the former attorney general of Alaska--it is interesting,  this is my first legislative role in government. I have been here for a  while now, and I am starting to get the hang of things, but the fact  is, sometimes I think legislators are confused about their role when it  comes to investigations. They are not the FBI. Legislators are not the  Department of Justice. They can't investigate a counterintelligence  matter or a criminal matter. That is simply within the exclusive  purview of the executive branch.   What we can do and what we must do, in my view, is to continue to  conduct a bipartisan oversight investigation into these matters for our  own purposes, which are legislative purposes, not executive branch or  prosecutorial purposes. Now that Director Mueller has been appointed as  special counsel and will be doing that on behalf of the Department of  Justice and the executive branch, I think it is really important for us  to again consider whether this proliferation of hearings and running  down every rabbit trail that happens to pop up is really in the best  interests of getting to the bottom of this matter.   I believe it is our duty--and this would be the case no matter who  was in the White House--to get the facts and to conduct our legitimate  oversight investigation here but in a way that cooperates with or  certainly at least coordinates and deconflicts with the Department of  Justice's investigation under the auspices of Director Mueller. In the  meantime, I will continue to work with my colleagues on the Senate  Intelligence Committee on a broad bipartisan basis to conduct the kind  of investigation that is entirely appropriate so we can get to the  bottom of this matter. The American people, of course, deserve nothing  less.   