 Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to  rise today to recognize my alma mater, Morehouse College in Atlanta,  Georgia, as it celebrates 150 years of educating, training, and  empowering outstanding leaders.   The year-long sesquicentennial celebration began in January 2017, and  will include many events for students, faculty, staff, administrators,  donors, families, and friends of Morehouse College. The theme of the  celebration is ``A House United,'' which highlights Morehouse's  position as a unifying force around the globe and here at home.   Tracing its roots back to the Reconstruction era after the Civil War,  Morehouse was founded in 1867, as the Augusta Theological Institute in  Augusta, Georgia. The school was founded by Reverend William Jefferson  White, with the encouragement of Reverend Richard Coulter and Reverend  Edmund Turney. It aimed to prepare Black men for ministry and teaching.   In 1879, the Augusta Theological Institute moved to the basement of  the Friendship Baptist Church in Atlanta and was renamed the Atlanta  Baptist Seminary. In 1885, the institution relocated to its current  site in Atlanta's West End community. The seminary became a liberal  arts college and was subsequently renamed the Atlanta Baptist College.   During these early years in Morehouse's history, the institution  expanded its curriculum and established the tradition of educating  leaders for all areas of life. In 1913, Atlanta Baptist College was  renamed Morehouse College after the corresponding secretary of the  Northern Baptist Home Mission Society, Henry L. Morehouse.   Throughout its 150-year history, Morehouse College has made a  significant mark on our State, our Nation, and the world. Here, many  notable men gained the knowledge and training that enabled them to  become some of the greatest influences of our time, including Dr.  Martin Luther King, Jr.; noted theologian Dr. Howard Thurman; civil  rights leader Julian Bond; filmmaker Shelton ``Spike'' Lee; Olympic  gold medalist Edwin Moses; CEO of the Silicon Valley Community  Foundation, Emmitt Carson; and many more.   Morehouse principles often instill a desire for public service to  benefit mankind. In the United States Congress, Representative Cedric  Richmond, chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, as well as many  staff members and former Members of Congress, hold degrees from  