 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 5 minutes.    Mr. President, for over 7 years, Republicans in  Washington have cheered shortcomings in our healthcare system and  blamed the Affordable Care Act for every problem under the premise that  they would do so much better if just put in charge.   Repealing the law made for great bumper stickers and great campaign  promises, but the trouble is that their opposition to the ACA has  always been more about politics than it ever was about actual policy  or, for that matter, plans to do better for the American people.   The shockingly rushed and secretive effort on display this week in  the Senate is only further evidence that President Trump and  Republicans in Congress don't have any real solutions to improve our  Nation's healthcare system. After months of negotiations behind closed  doors, when Senate Republicans released their secret TrumpCare bill,  its contents proved too harmful for passage, even among themselves.  Stuck without a path forward, their latest idea is to pass a small  backroom deal before sundown today--which no one has seen yet--and then  go to conference with the tea party and the Freedom Caucus in the House  of Representatives.   While we still don't know what we will be voting on, we know that the  so-called skinny repeal bill would mean higher premiums and millions of  Americans losing their healthcare coverage, not to mention deep cuts  that would dismantle the Medicaid Program as it currently exists and  throw millions of Americans off their healthcare coverage and put our  entire healthcare system into chaos--all to give a massive tax break to  the wealthiest among us. That is awful policy any way you look at it.   Since January, I have heard from literally thousands of New Mexicans  who have told me how important their healthcare coverage is to them and  their families. What answers do President Trump and Republicans in  Congress have for the grandmother in Santa Fe who wonders where she  will go when her nursing home closes because of Medicaid cuts or the  woman in Albuquerque who wrote to me about how scared she is about  losing access to mental healthcare for her depression and anxiety? What  are they going to tell the single mother in Rio Rancho who relies on  Medicaid to cover her children's medical costs or the young man in  Espanola who needs treatment  [[Page S4366]]  to get clean from opioid addiction? These New Mexicans and millions of  other Americans will be harmed if this bill becomes law.   I am not outraged about all of this because I am a Democrat or  because of what I think of President Trump. I am outraged about this  bill because of what it will do to my constituents in New Mexico. I  will do everything I can to oppose this appalling legislation and this  appalling process and fight to keep quality healthcare accessible and  affordable for New Mexicans.   If we can halt this mad rush, we can all work--Republicans and  Democrats--to get to the things that we agree need fixing in our  system. There is much work to be done there, no doubt about it.   As Senator McCain told us all Tuesday: ``We have been spinning our  wheels on too many important issues because we keep trying to find a  way to win without help from across the aisle.''   There is a better way forward. We can come together and work on the  things that we know need to be fixed in the ACA. People's lives hang in  the balance. There are real bipartisan solutions if we can get back to  regular order.   I want to thank my colleague from New Mexico for his incredible  leadership in this debate and say how hard we are going to work to make  sure that we keep fighting for our constituents in New Mexico on this  healthcare legislation.    Mr. President, I would ask if the Senator would yield.    Will the Senator from Wyoming yield for a question?   