 Mr. President, this week the Senate is moving through a  series of votes to fill vacancies in the Federal appeals court.  President Trump has nominated highly qualified, mainstream judges and  legal scholars to do these jobs. Now, Democrats have responded once  again with delay and with obstruction. It is clear to me that we need  to change the rules in the Senate that govern how we debate nominations  in this body. All year Democrats have been putting up roadblocks to  nominations. They have forced the majority leader to file cloture so  that  [[Page S6939]]  then we can confirm nominees like these four judges.   As of last Friday, Democrats have forced the Senate to file cloture  47 different times when we have had to have cloture votes on President  Trump's nominees. There were only six cloture votes at this point for  the previous four Presidents--five for Obama, none for George W. Bush,  one for Bill Clinton, and none under the Presidency of George Herbert  Walker Bush. These are the kind of hoops that the Democrats have been  making the Senate jump through in an effort to confirm President  Trump's nominees.   The procedure has been set in place to allow for debate. Well, debate  is a good thing in the Senate, as long as debate is actually occurring.  It is a chance for Senators to stand up, to say what they like or what  they don't like about a nominee. Now, if no one wants to debate, we  should just move things along and have the vote. There is one Senate  rule that allows for as much as 30 hours of debate time on Presidential  nominations after we have actually had the cloture vote. Now, in  reality, very little of that time that is spent on the Senate floor is  actually being used for the debate. In the past, both sides would agree  to waive the time requirements and to move on to other Senate business,  which is what we need to do to get the country continuing to move  forward. But what is happening now is that Democrats are insisting on  cloture votes, and then they are insisting that we use hour after hour  after hour, even when there is no one here to debate what is the issue  or the person in front of us.   It is time to end this pointless spectacle. The Senate used to be  called the world's greatest deliberative body. Democrats have turned it  into the world's most paralyzed deliberative body.   We have more than 125 nominees for various jobs who have had hearings  in committee, who have testified in committee, who have been voted on  in committee, who have cleared through the entire committee-vetting  process and are now waiting for a vote on the Senate floor--125 of  them. Most of these people have bipartisan support. They will be  confirmed easily and eventually. They should be confirmed immediately.  There should be no reason for Democrats' stalling tactics except, once  again, to slow down the pace of other progress in the Senate on  legislative issues.   Mr. President, look at what happened with one judge last week. It is  a case you are very familiar with. Scott Palk was nominated by  President Trump to serve on the U.S. district court. He had bipartisan  support in the Judiciary Committee. He went to the committee, had a  hearing in the committee, and with bipartisan support was voted out of  the committee. That was in June--more than 4 months ago.   Now, apparently that is not good enough for the Democrats--not at  all. They are only interested in slowing down the work of the Senate.  So we had a cloture vote on the nominee. It was 1 of the 47 cloture  votes that we talked about. We had to have a cloture vote. Every  Republican and 27 Democrats voted for him. So he had bipartisan  support. We still had to allow all of this wasted time for the debate.  We couldn't conduct any of the other business of the Senate during the  time because the Democrats insisted that we use all of the debate time.  Now, they could have very easily agreed to waive the rules, as we do,  and go straight to a vote. We wanted to do that. The Democrats refused.   So how much of that time--those 30 hours--did the Democrats actually  spend on the floor debating this person's qualifications to be a  Federal judge? How many of those 30 hours did the Democrats use? None.  How many minutes did they use? None. Not one Democrat came to the floor  of the Senate to talk about that judge. Not a single Democrat even  bothered to say a word against his nomination. There were fewer than 20  minutes of total talk on the floor of the Senate. Through hour after  hour after hour of ongoing time, there were fewer than 20 minutes spent  actually talking about the judge, and it was all spent in praise by the  Republicans. We still had to run out the clock because that is the  delay game the Democrats are playing in the Senate. The Senate had to  waste hours and hours when we could have finished debating in less than  20 minutes. The Democrats have done this same thing time after time  after time, day after day, wasting day after day.   Things take time in the Senate. We understand that. That is what the  Founding Fathers had in mind when they formed the two bodies of  Congress, the House and the Senate. There is no excuse, though, for  Democrats abusing the process to make things take even longer.  Democrats aren't using the rules for debate. They are not using the  rules for deliberation. It is only for delay. It hasn't always been  this way, and there is no reason it should continue to be this way.   The Senate had a different standard for nominations a few years ago,  and that was in the 113th Congress. In years 2013 and 2014, the Senate  allowed just 2 hours of debate after cloture was invoked on nominations  for district court judges. That is 2 hours more than the Democrats  actually spent debating this judge's nomination last week. The rules  said that we would have up to 8 hours to debate executive branch  nominations below the Cabinet level. Then, for Cabinet Secretaries, for  Justices on the Supreme Court, and for circuit courts, it was the full  30 hours of debate. Thirty hours now is what we allow every nomination  today, and Democrats have shown that in most cases it is far too much  time because even though we have to spend all the time, they use very  little of it talking about the nominees.   We need a fair debate on every nomination. The procedure from 2013  and 2014, with fair debate on nominations, is one that was fair. The  way the Democrats are wasting time today to keep us from doing our work  is not fair. I believe it is time to return to the rules for debating  nominees that the Senate used 3 years ago. There will still be plenty  of time for Senators to debate the nominees, to raise objections if  there are any. Every Senator could be on the record. There are just a  lot of hours that we could avoid that are being wasted today that could  be used to do the people's business of this country. A President's  nominations of qualified people to important jobs was never meant to be  a tool for delay in the Senate or to be an obstruction the way the  Democrats have been using it.   Now, these rules that we used in 2013 and 2014 were the result of a  compromise. Democrats controlled the Senate at the time. A Democrat,  Barack Obama, was in the White House making the nominations, and  Republicans agreed to make these changes to the rules. It was part of a  bipartisan group, and I was part of that group. There were eight  Senators. They worked on this compromise--four Republicans and four  Democrats. Senator McCain and Senator Alexander were part of this  group. Senator Schumer, who is now the Democrat leader, was part of  this group. There was overwhelming support for these changes on both  sides of the aisle.   It is time to do it again. Let's change the Senate rules and go back  to the process that Senator Schumer supported in 2013 and 2014. Today,  the schedule allows us to do one or two nominations in a typical week.  If we go back to the 2014 standard, we could clear multiple nominations  in a day. The Republican Senate has been busy this year, and we have  made progress on behalf of the American people. We have passed 15  resolutions rolling back destructive, Obama-era regulations using the  Congressional Review Act and signed into law by the President. We  passed a budget that will help give Americans at home a raise by  cutting their taxes and giving us an opportunity to do the kind of tax  relief, tax reform, tax reductions, tax cuts that the American people  are looking for. We need to do more. It is time for Democrats to stop  abusing the rules just to delay the process. It is time to go back to  the previous standard of debating nominations. It is time to pick up  the pace and do the job the American people expect us to do.    Now, if Democrats have a different approach and don't want to accept  the standard of debate that was set in the previous Congress, then I  believe it is time for us to force that change. If Democrats maintain  their lockstep opposition to real progress on judicial vacancies and  other nominees, we should give them a chance to vote on their continued  obstruction. We can vote on these nominees in a straightforward  [[Page S6940]]  and efficient way or we can vote to return to the precedent of the  113th Congress. That is the choice. Either way, it is time to vote.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   