 Mr. Chairman, it is frustrating and egregious that this  amendment is actually necessary, but it is. The FDA has, thus far,  blatantly ignored congressional direction to respect the statutory  difference between distributing and dispensing of compound medications.   As a dentist and healthcare provider for more than 25 years, I can  tell you from my professional experience how harmful this overreaching  guidance from the FDA would be to patients. As a dentist, I often use  specialty compounded medications to deliver the customized care my  patients deserved. I relied on the expertise of my pharmacist  colleagues to ensure that medications were available to patients as  appropriate.   As a Congressman, I support this amendment to ensure FDA follows  congressional intent. As a doctor, I support this amendment because it  means better care for patients.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Georgia, and I urge my  colleagues to support this amendment--and that is doctor's orders.   Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, why are we afraid of safety standards? The  safety concerns with this amendment are also exacerbated by the fact  that many States do not exercise appropriate oversight over compounding  pharmacies.   A recent study revealed that nearly half of all States surveyed do  not track the number of pharmacies that perform the sterile compounding  in their State. They make proactive State oversight impossible.   Do we really want to allow these facilities to go unchecked? That is  exactly what this amendment allows.   The FDA is a regulatory agency. It needs the ability to regulate  large-scale shipment of compounded drugs across State lines, especially  in certain States that have minimal, if any, safeguards for drugs  compounded in pharmacies.   I was concerned that this law was weak to begin with, and this  amendment would further weaken and threaten the safety of patients.  Sixty-four people died, 22 of them in Michigan. We should ensure that  any legislation passed by this body is not weakened. The safety of  American children and our families and our kids are at stake.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. This is  not a road, a bridge, a helicopter, or anything else. This is people's  lives.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   