 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to  this bill, and I rise on behalf of the fishermen, the landowners, the  delta and north-of-delta farmers, the conservationists, the sportsmen,  coastal communities, the counties in my district, and the water users  across our State that will be harmed by this bill.   This is a disappointing effort to take care of the San Joaquin  Valley's massive agro businesses at the expense of everyone else.   More times than I can count, I have stood on this floor with many of  my colleagues from California to explain that our State's water system  is complicated. It is because there are hundreds of stakeholders. There  are decades of rules, laws, and court cases from every level of  government and industry that regulate the delivery of water to users  across our State.   Once again, this body is proposing to end-run that delicate balance  to benefit one interest. That is wrong.   Once again, we are gutting Federal protections for fish and wildlife  that support our State's $3.5 billion hunting and angling industry and  our $1.5 billion salmon industry.   Once again, we are preempting California laws and regulations,  telling States across America that we are okay with the Federal  Government undermining State and local experts from coast to coast, but  this time they are going further.   This bill isn't just about water anymore. It is about giving  contractors a pass on their obligations to be good stewards of the  resources they are using in the Central Valley of California; it is  about reneging on this body's commitment to the restoration of wildlife  and habitat that have suffered the consequences of water management  plans that already put them last; it is about cutting stakeholders out  of the picture and determining winners and losers in Federal statute;  taking a blunt ax to our State's water system over the objections of  our Governor, both of our Senators, and many of our colleagues in the  House. This is wrong for California.   It won't alleviate water shortages, but it will kill jobs, and it  will ruin drinking water for millions.   We need real solutions that are based on sound science and that work  for everyone. This bill is not that solution. It is bad for  California's economy, bad for our State sovereignty, and bad for our  environment. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   