 Madam President, two weeks ago, I urged my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle to reject the partisan and fiscally  irresponsible Republican tax proposal in the so-called Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act. I asked them to remember that, when it comes to our  responsibility to plan for the nation's long-term economic future, we  are here to create opportunity and security for future generations--not  to serve the short-term interests of partisan politics. Today, I regret  to say that the process surrounding the Republican tax bill has only  become more rushed, more partisan, more bitter, and less transparent.  My Republican colleagues wrote this bill behind closed doors, held no  serious hearings or debate, and even now are planning to make  substantial changes to the final bill that we will vote on before we  have even had the benefit of a comprehensive, nonpartisan score of its  cost.   We all know better than to believe that this irresponsible process  will lead to a responsible or sustainable outcome. Therefore, because  it is clear that this bill is an unprecedented giveaway to wealthy  corporations and individuals at the expense of poor, sick, elderly, and  middle-class Americans, and because it will drive our Nation trillions  of dollars further into debt, I strongly urge my colleagues to reject  this bill and to work with both sides of the aisle to craft tax reform  that will help--rather than burden--future generations and the middle  class.   The only future generations that this bill appears to take into  account are the children and grandchildren of the wealthiest families  in the United States, including President Trump's family and the  families of the wealthiest Cabinet ever assembled by any President.  According to the non-partisan Tax Policy Center, half of all  households, and two-thirds of households making between $54,700 and  $93,200 would see their taxes go up under the current Republican bill.  Individuals who struggle to get by because of sickness or the  unavailability of well-paying job opportunities would lose tax  exemptions and advantages that have helped them stay afloat. Many  Americans who have played by the rules and persevered through our long  recovery from the great recession will open their paychecks to see a  little more taken out every month, but not for their benefit. On the  other hand, for the 5,000 American families with fortunes in the  millions of dollars or more, the Republican plan to repeal or  drastically curtail the estate tax could, on its own, funnel hundreds  of billions of dollars to those few who need it the very least.   The mere idea that we would raise taxes on poor and working Americans  to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest American estates epitomizes how  this Republican tax bill is wholly at odds with our values. The  trillions of dollars this bill will add to our deficit will almost  certainly lead to deep cuts in earned benefits like Social Security and  Medicare, as well as our national defense. Indeed, major cuts to  defense historically follow deficit-increasing tax cuts, and this is  almost precisely why we have an estate tax in the first place.   Our Nation first enacted estate taxes in order to pay for military  conflicts without driving the Nation deeply into debt. Starting in  1797, and continuing through the Civil War, the Spanish-American War,  and World War I, the United States used temporary estate taxes to  offset the costs of war. Congress kept the estate tax after World War I  as a means of balancing the Federal budget and countering the growth of  massive wealth inequality. Because of this foresight, the estate tax  was a critical source of revenue that softened the blow of the Great  Depression and supported the war effort in World War II.   Prior Congresses saw it as their responsibility to pay America's  bills at home and abroad. They did not leave years of war on America's  line of credit, nor did they expect the poor and working classes to pay  while the  [[Page S7372]]  wealthiest took a tax cut. There were certainly times when running a  deficit was necessary, and even economically wise, but because of this  pay-as-you-go principle, no American generation has faced what we do  now: 16 years of deficit-financed military conflict with no end in  sight, compounded by the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy that never paid  for themselves, despite repeated Republican promises. Before we give  the wealthiest Americans another tax cut at the expense of our children  and our children's children, we need at least an idea of how we are  going to handle trillions of dollars in compounding war debt--not to  mention the trillions more we must spend to maintain and modernize our  military--and address our basic domestic needs that have gone unnoticed  and underfunded for so long.   That is why I plan to file a motion on this bill that would send this  bill back to the Finance Committee to reinstate the estate tax at  current levels and place all the revenue generated by it into a trust  fund. Those funds, which amount to hundreds of billions of dollars over  a decade, will be devoted evenly between maintaining the readiness of  our Armed Forces and addressing the opioid epidemic here at home. This  motion not only restores original intent of the estate tax as a tool  for combating deficits in times of war but also makes a much needed  down-payment on our long-stalled domestic agenda.   But the bill's elimination of the estate tax is just one of its many  harmful provisions. The bill sabotages our healthcare system by  repealing the individual mandate, which could easily throw 13 million  Americans off their health insurance and increase premiums for millions  of others. Yet again, the 130 million Americans with preexisting  conditions must fear that their premiums will skyrocket or that they  will be left with no options at all.   And the poor and the sick may find even fewer options after this bill  forces $25 billion in cuts into Medicare in 2018 alone because of the  massive deficits it will produce. Do not tell me this will pay for  itself with growth. I have served in this body long enough to know that  trickle-down economics doesn't work, and I take the word of the scores  of economists who say, in no uncertain terms, that this bill will  balloon the debt and will not create enough growth to offset it. Even  major companies like Cisco, Pfizer, and Coca-Cola say they will use the  gains from these massive corporate tax cuts to pay shareholders, rather  than create jobs or raise wages for the middle class. We are making  decisions here that will guide the largest economy in the world. We  simply cannot roll the dice on a plan of this scale and hope for the  best.   It remains my sincere hope that my Republican colleagues will see the  error of their ways and choose to work with Democrats on tax reform  that is bipartisan, reasonable, and in keeping with our responsibility  to leave this Nation better than we found it. We can and should address  other domestic priorities in dire need like our Nation's  infrastructure, the economic security of children and seniors, and  programs that create and sustain employment for the middle class. I and  my colleagues are ready and willing to work in good faith on tax  reform, but we cannot begin that work until we abandon the kind of  recklessness and partisanship that led to this Republican tax bill.   Once again, we are all here, and we are all committed to defending  our Nation, but this bill will make it virtually impossible to do what  we know we must do. There are unavoidable costs in our national  security that are not even counted in this bill. My fellow members of  the Armed Services Committee and I have committed to making needed  increases to the size of our military forces. It costs roughly an  additional $1.8 billion per year for every 10,000 servicemembers. Where  will we get that money when we are going $1.8 trillion in debt to  provide tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans? We want a 355-ship Navy.  There have been some estimates that doing that will require at least an  additional $1 trillion a year. Where are we going to get that when we  have already given $1.5 trillion to the wealthiest Americans? We have  to modernize our nuclear triad, our submarines, our land-based  missiles, and our aircraft. There are estimates that this will cost  about $400 billion per year in costs. Where are we getting that, since  we have given the money--$1.5 trillion--to the wealthiest Americans? We  have overseas operations in Iraq. Over a 10-year period, roughly $10  billion must be repaid. We pay about $1 billion a year there. For  Syria, that is $13 billion. If we stay there for 10 years--and that  seems to be the present policy--that is $130 billion. We pay $50  billion a year to support the Afghan operation. We are going to stay  there, apparently, under the current procedure--not based on time but  conditions--for another 10 years. Add that up, and that is about $640  billion over the next 10 years, just to maintain the situation in those  three countries.   These are not costs we can ignore. If we did, we would--at the very  least--be turning our backs on the policies announced by this President  and this Congress--and by my Republican colleagues in particular. But  where is this money coming from? We don't have the situation we had in  2001 when President George W. Bush proposed his tax cuts. We don't have  an expected $5 trillion surplus. We already have a multitrillion-dollar  deficit over 10 years, and we are adding to that deficit. We know we  have to maintain the military expenditures.   Anyone who is voting for this bill is essentially saying: I will talk  a good story about supporting national security, but when it comes down  to the money, it is going to go to the wealthiest Americans, to things  like the estate tax cut. It is going to go to the wealthiest Americans  who are paying the alternative minimum tax. The money we need for  security will not be there unless we borrow it from future  generations--to fund the things we know we already have to fund to  defend America.   This is absolutely irresponsible, and, as a result, I would hope we  could regain our senses, sit down, and deal, on a bipartisan basis,  with tax reform that could help all of us and could indeed even begin,  after 16 years, to put real money into our national defense rather than  borrowing it from future generations. Again, this bill is not only  economically unwise because it will not generate growth, but it is also  irresponsible because it will put us in a position where we will be  choosing, very shortly--in the next several years--whether we are going  to cut defense or whether we are going to cut Social Security or  whether we are going to cut everything because the deficit is growing  so large. I don't think we should put ourselves in that position.   I yield the floor.   