 Thank you, Mr. President, for the recognition.   Mr. President, the President of the United States terminated the  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, otherwise known as  DACA, 3 months ago. He gave Congress 6 months to act. We are no closer  today to helping our Dreamers than the day the President so callously  canceled the program.   We have almost 800,000 young people whose lives, dreams, and futures  hang in the balance. They are scared. Their families are scared.  Everything they have worked for is at risk.   Dreamers represent some of our very best and brightest. They are  going to school, holding down jobs, volunteering in our communities.  They want to be doctors, lawyers, engineers. They want to start  businesses.   They came here as children, and they are American through and  through. They love our country as much as any of us, and they want to  stay and contribute.   We have almost 7,000 Dreamers in my home State of New Mexico. Carlos  is one of them. Carlos was brought to New Mexico from Mexico when he  was less than 1 year old. New Mexico is the only home Carlos has ever  known.   Because of Carlos's immigration status, his opportunities were  limited. He couldn't play sports in school, and he couldn't go on field  trips, even though he pledged allegiance to the United States, just  like his classmates.   Carlos registered with DACA 2 years ago, and in his words, he was  given ``wings.'' He is now a full-time student at New Mexico State  University, studying to be a mechanical engineer. He volunteers as a  firefighter. He works as a server at a local restaurant, and he began a  drive to help Hurricane Harvey victims.   Carlos says: ``We, as Dreamers, have proven ourselves to be worthy of  being here in the United States.''   Carlos's story can be told hundreds of thousands of times over.  Congress must act, and we must act now. We owe it to these young  people. We must give Carlos and all other Dreamers their wings.   Passing the Dream Act is the morally right thing to do, but it is  also the economically smart thing to do. Dreamers' contributions to the  U.S. economy are astounding. Their jobs span the spectrum. They work in  health, education, nonprofits, wholesale, retail, business, and hold  professional jobs. Most of the top 25 Fortune 500 companies employ  Dreamers, and that is why more than 400 CEOs of major U.S. companies  have urged Congress to pass the Dream Act.   If Congress fails to act, it will cost us 700,000 jobs--as many as  30,000 jobs a month--causing chaos for employers, and we could see a  $460 billion decrease in economic output over a decade. Social Security  and Medicare contributions could drop by $39.3 billion over the same  period.   In my State, New Mexico would lose nearly 6,000 DACA workers and take  a $385 million hit. We simply cannot afford it.   We have a bipartisan Dream Act before us. Senator Durbin is working  with our Republican colleagues, Republican friends, to get us over the  finish line. Let's do the right thing by these young people, and let's  do it now so Carlos can become an engineer and so hundreds of thousands  of Dreamers can stop living in fear and move forward with their lives.  It is our moral obligation to do this.   We also must do right by the 11 million immigrants in our Nation who  are working, raising families, contributing to our economy, and helping  in our communities. Congress must stop kicking the can down the road.  We must do our job. We must debate and pass comprehensive immigration  reform. Law-abiding immigrants who are contributing to our Nation  should be given a pathway to citizenship.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   