 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, today, this Republican Congress is taking  a short break from trying to destroy our healthcare system to try to  destroy the rest of the Federal Government.   H.R. 5 is nothing more than Republicans seeking to micromanage the  regulatory process to death. They claim they only want good government.  In reality, they want no government at all. They want to wrap Federal  agencies in so much red tape that they won't be able to move to protect  our health, our safety, or our natural resources.   Language in title III tries to prevent Federal land managers from  actually managing Federal lands. This language would make land managers  jump through the same procedural hoops over and over again just to put  a new land management plan in place. These new requirements are  completely redundant, which is, of course, the point.   Federal land management plans already go through extensive review,  including by the public, before they are ever even implemented. One way  we know this is that the House Republicans complain constantly about  how long it takes Federal agencies to come up with a decision. Yet,  here they are claiming that this Republican Congress knows best how our  public lands and resources should be managed.   Let's stop and look at the record. Last Tuesday, almost every single  Republican Member of this House voted for a change in our House  standing rules to calculate the value of all Federal lands as zero for  accounting purposes. Yes, House Republicans agree that all Federal  lands are essentially worthless.   Then, on Thursday of this week, 229 House Republicans voted against  an amendment I offered to another bill to declare that climate change  is real. Yes, 95 percent of House Republicans voted to deny a settled  scientific fact.   Yet, here we are today with the same House Republicans who deny  science; the same House Republicans who think public lands are  worthless, claiming they know how to manage these public lands.   Science deniers and those who think our public lands have no value  have no credibility when they bring legislation to this floor claiming  that they want to improve public land management. As with health care,  as with so many things, they don't want to improve it; they want to  destroy it.   Congressional Republicans have proved themselves completely incapable  of building or preserving anything. They are only interested in tearing  things down, starting with health, safety, and environmental  protections for our people and our communities.   This bill would needlessly tip the scales in favor of corporate  polluters who want to be in power to ruin our public lands, taking the  resources and the profits for themselves, leaving the American people  with the mess and the consequences.   My amendment strikes the section of this bill intended to turn our  public land management process into nothing more than a board meeting  of the American Petroleum Institute.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments of my esteemed  colleague. We have to get past the point where we are just talking  about repeal. As the President so eloquently said last night, if there  is something that is going to improve the health and well-being of the  American people relative to the Affordable Care Act, then bring it  forward. We all have been waiting patiently for the Republican majority  to bring something forward that not only repeals but replaces. We are  still waiting.   In terms of this amendment, the resource management plans are the  backbone for every action and approved use on BLM land. It is about  scoping. It is about public input, collaborative with State, local,  tribal, and user groups across the spectrum, and that is the process  that is in place now, a process that deserves to be continued,  ratified, and protected.   As far as the issue of climate change, the President eloquently said  last night that we should go forward on the issue of climate change,  putting science and reason as a priority on how we have that  discussion. Once the majority is prepared to deal with science and  reason, I think our side of the aisle is willing to do so as well.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   