 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  the FDA Reauthorization Act, which is very important to our country and  to Pennsylvania's Sixth Congressional District.   Many communities in my district are at the forefront of innovation in  the life sciences industry, and this legislation will make sure our  businesses remain competitive and on pace with public health needs.   This bill is critical to allowing us to continue our bipartisan work  to reduce drug costs, to advance therapies that can save lives, and to  develop safe and innovative treatments for patients and their families.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, it is important the public is aware that this  is a bipartisan bill. There are some things that perhaps some  Republicans would have liked to have seen in this bill that  [[Page H5482]]  didn't make their way in, and there are some things that perhaps some  Democrats would have liked to have seen make their way into this bill  that didn't. We found consensus and we worked together. It was a  unanimous vote out of the Energy and Commerce Committee. I am proud to  stand behind that, and this is a good day for America.     Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 2664, the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act.    We all know human trafficking is a serious problem all over the  world, but it is not a distant concept. It exists in communities all  across this country. Last year, in Pennsylvania alone, there were over  150 human trafficking cases reported, and labor trafficking was the  second highest type of trafficking in the Commonwealth. We should and  must do all that we can to combat this disgusting activity.   This legislation before us now would help train Department of Labor  inspectors to identify patterns and circumstances surrounding this  abuse so that they can assist law enforcement in recognizing and  stopping labor exploitation. A significant component of the fight  against human trafficking is knowing where it exists, and this  legislation is an important step forward.   