 Mr. President, I join with the Senator from Hawaii, the  Senator from Washington State, and I know the Senator from Oregon is  going to be joining us very soon and taking this long, hot summer day  in Washington and turning up the heat on the Trump administration and  the big broadband companies.   Today the internet is having a protest. More than 80,000 websites are  participating in today's national day of action on net neutrality to  stand up for the fundamental right for a free and open internet.   Today's action involves some of the internet's biggest names:  Netflix, Twitter, Amazon, Snapchat, Mozilla, Yelp, Airbnb. It also  includes many others. My own website and other Democratic Senators and  House Members have joined in today's protests.   Earlier today, right outside on the Capitol lawn, I gathered with  many of my Senate and House colleagues, along with businesses and  advocacy, consumer protection, nonprofit, and political organizations  to send a singular message: We will defend net neutrality.   Net neutrality is the basic principle that says that all internet  traffic is treated equally. It applies the principles of  nondiscrimination to the online world, ensuring that internet service  providers--AT&T, Charter, Verizon, Comcast, among others--do not block,  do not slow down, do not censor or prioritize internet traffic.   Yet today, the internet--this monumental, diverse, dynamic,  democratic platform--is under attack. President Trump and his FCC  Chairman, Ajit Pai, are threatening to disrupt this hallmark of  American innovation and democracy by gutting net neutrality rules. They  have put internet freedom on the chopping block. We are facing a  historic fight.   If Trump's FCC gets its way, a handful of big broadband companies  will serve as gatekeepers to the internet. We cannot let this happen.  That is why millions of Americans are standing up and making sure their  voices are heard at the Federal Communications Commission.   They know the internet--the world's greatest platform for commerce  and communications--is at stake. It is net neutrality that ensures that  those with the best ideas, not merely the best access, can thrive in  the 21st century economy; that a garage-based startup in Malden, MA,  can have the same online reach and scope as a major tech firm in  Silicon Valley.   It is net neutrality that has made the Internet an innovation  incubator and job generator for the entire Nation. It is net neutrality  that has been the internet's chief governing principle since its  inception.   Consider that today essentially every company is an internet company.  In 2016, almost half of the venture capital funds invested in the  United States went toward internet-specific and software companies.  That is $25 billion worth of venture capital funding in our country.  Half of all venture capital went into that sector, this innovation  sector that continues to transform not only our own economy but the  whole world's economy. At the same time, to meet America's insatiable  demand for broadband internet, U.S. broadband and telecommunications  industry companies invested more than $87 billion in capital  expenditures in 2015. That is the highest rate of annual investment in  the last 10 years by the broadband companies.   We have hit a sweet spot. Investment in broadband and wireless  technologies is high. Job creation is high. Venture capital investment  in online startups is high. That is what we want. We want both the  broadband companies and all of these smaller companies--whose names  escape us because there are tens of thousands of them--to have a chance  to coexist and have the innovation continue, even as the large  companies continue to invest in broadband expansion.  [[Page S3946]]    It is the free and open internet that has allowed us to enter a new  phase of the digital revolution--the internet of things era--where our  devices, our appliances, and everyday machines now connect with one  another.   The digital revolution is a global economic engine, and net  neutrality is its best fuel. Taking these rules off the books makes no  sense. With these net neutrality protections in place, there is no  problem that needs fixing. It is working right now perfectly.   In May, Chairman Ajit Pai and the Republican FCC voted to begin a  proceeding that will effectively eliminate net neutrality protections,  allowing a handful of broadband providers to control the internet.  Chairman Pai's proposal would decimate the open internet order and the  net neutrality rules that are protecting the free flow of ideas,  commerce, and communications in our country.   Now the big broadband barons and their Republican allies say we need  a light-touch regulatory framework. Let's be honest. When the broadband  behemoths say ``light touch,'' what they really mean is ``hands off''-- hands off their ability to choose online winners and losers.   We are not fooled when AT&T engages in alternative facts and says  they support net neutrality and today's day of action. They don't  support title II, and they don't support net neutrality. We must shine  light on this kind of corporate deception.   What the broadband providers really want is an unregulated online  ecosystem where they can stifle the development of competing services  that cannot afford an internet easy pass.   Chairman Pai says he likes net neutrality but simply wants to  eliminate the very order that established today's net neutrality rules.  That is like saying you want to have your cake and eat it too. It makes  no sense.   President Trump and his Republican allies are waging an all-out  assault on every front that they can on our core democratic values.  Whether it is healthcare, immigration, climate change, or net  neutrality, they want to end the vital protections that safeguard our  families and hand over power to corporations and special interests. We  know better.   We need to make our voices heard. A political firestorm of opposition  will protect our economy, protect our free speech, protect our  democracy. We must protect net neutrality as a core principle in a  modern 21st century America, in a modern America where the smallest  company online can aspire to reach all 320 million Americans in a  nondiscriminatory way, where the smallest company can raise the capital  in order to accomplish that goal, where the smallest company doesn't  have to ask for permission to be able to innovate in our society, where  the smallest doesn't have to first raise the money to ensure they can  pay to have access to this incredible economic engine of  entrepreneurial expression that has been the internet for this last  generation, where free speech, the First Amendment, this ability to be  able to speak unfettered, uncontrolled by corporate America and whether  or not you can afford to speak, is something that continues to be  protected in our country.   That is what net neutrality is all about. The principles of  nondiscriminatory access is what gave us Google and eBay, Amazon and  Hulu, YouTube and Etsy, Zulily, Wayfair, TripAdvisor, and company after  company that knew they could access every single potential consumer in  our country and could, as a result, raise the capital necessary to  ensure that engine of economic entrepreneurial innovation could be  deployed from their minds in changing fundamentally the economy of our  country and the economy of the world.   In 2017, every company is an internet company. Every company depends  upon free and open access to the internet. That is what we have been  transformed into in just the last 20 years.   I was the Democratic coauthor of the Telecommunications Act of 1996.  In 1996, not one home in America had broadband. Can I say that again?  Just 20 years ago, not one home in America had broadband. But we  changed the rules to create this chaotic entrepreneurial world where  all of a sudden all of these companies whose names are now common  household names could be created, transforming our economy.   There is no problem. They are trying to fix a problem that does not  exist.   We need to give the next generation of entrepreneurs the same  opportunity to innovate that the last generation had--not to get  permission, not to ask: Pretty please, may I reach all 320 million  Americans? No, ladies and gentlemen, that is not what this revolution  is about. That is not what young people all across this country--with  brilliant new ideas to further transform our American economy online-- want to have as an obstacle.   What will happen now is you will have an idea, but if you can't raise  the money to pay for this fast-lane broadband access, that is going to  throttle back your ability to be able to move in this agile way that  the internet provides. Instead of agility, it will be hostility that  you will be feeling as an entrepreneur, feeling you can't take the  risk--you are not sure you can reach your customers; you are not sure  you can pay the broadband company--rather than ensuring that you can  reach all these consumers for your revolutionary idea.   This internet day of action we are having across the country is going  to raise from 5 million, to 6 million, to 7 million, to 10 million, to  15 million, to 20 million, the number of Americans who are going to be  saying to the Federal Communications Commission and to the U.S. House  and Senate that something is fundamentally wrong with this FCC and its  potential change of the internet--Open Internet Order.   If they do move, we are going to court. If they do move, we are going  to be taking this all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States  of America because that is how important this issue is. It goes right  to the fundamental nature of what has happened to our economy in the  last 20 years. And that is all it took. We moved from the black rotary  dial phone to a world where everyone is carrying a computer in their  pockets. It happened just like that. It could have happened before  that, but it wasn't possible because the broadband companies didn't  even exist. There were just telephone companies and cable companies  that did not have a vision of the future. Their vision of the future is  a lot like their vision of the past before that law passed, which is,  let's go back to total control by a small handful of companies in our  communications cocktail, rather than thinking of the future, as tens of  thousands, hundreds of thousands of smaller companies can be started up  in dorm rooms and garages across our Nation.   This is a dangerous and harmful plan the FCC has on the books today.  Today's day of internet action will be increasing as each moment goes  by between now and the day they make that decision at the FCC.   Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.   