 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to express my strong support for  Judge Neil Gorsuch, to say that I will proudly vote in favor of his  confirmation tomorrow, and to express my confidence that history will  judge this nominee to be an outstanding Associate Justice of the  Supreme Court. I hope he serves a long and distinguished career and  believe he will. I think Justice Neil Gorsuch will turn out to be a  credit to the Supreme Court, to the President who nominated him, and to  the Senate that will confirm him tomorrow.   It is unfortunate that we have had quite a bit of discussion about  procedure and the process that has gotten us to this vote, which will  take place tomorrow afternoon.   I had a conversation with one of my Democratic colleagues yesterday  afternoon as we were leaving the Capitol Building. This is a person  with whom I have worked on issues and for whom I have great regard. I  asked him how he was doing, and he said: Well, OK. I am just getting  ready for the United States Senate to be forever changed.   I paused for a moment, and I said: How can it be that two reasonably  intelligent Senators of good will can look at the same factual  situation and see it so differently? I think my colleague did agree  that, indeed, the situation we have is what has led us to our  proceedings today.   I do believe my colleagues on the other side of the procedural issues  today are people of good will who are trying to do the right thing by  their country on this issue, just as I have been.   Let's look first of all at the candidate himself, and then I might  take a moment or two to talk about what we have already done. That  decision has been made. Let's talk about Neil Gorsuch, about this  outstanding future Supreme Court Justice who I believe will be sworn in  tomorrow or the next day.   Is Neil Gorsuch qualified? Really, can anyone contest that he is  highly qualified? He is perhaps one of the most qualified people ever  to have been nominated by a President for the High Court. He has  degrees from Columbia, Harvard Law, and Oxford University. He has  received the American Bar Association's highest rating, the gold  standard that we look at when it comes to judging nominees for the  Federal bench up to and including the High Court. He served for 10  years with distinction on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. Clearly,  he has got the qualifications, and clearly, he is among that group of  qualified individuals that the President promised to look at back  during the campaign and promised to send that type of individual over  to the Supreme Court. I really don't think there is much that can be  said to contradict the fact that Neil Gorsuch is qualified and highly  qualified.    So now let's ask if Neil Gorsuch is somehow out of the broad judicial  mainstream. Again, I think it is clear that, based on his history,  based on his testimony, and based on his rulings up until now, he is  part of the broad judicial mainstream that will put him in good company  on the Supreme Court and makes him a worthy successor to Justice  Scalia.   First of all, he has earned the praise of both conservatives and  liberals. He has even won the endorsement of President Obama's former  Acting Solicitor General, who wrote in the New York Times, ``If the  Senate is to confirm anyone, Judge Gorsuch who sits on the U.S. Court  of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit in Denver should be at the top of the  list.'' So thank you to the  [[Page S2409]]  former Acting Solicitor General for going beyond ideology and political  philosophy and saying a true statement that Judge Gorsuch is  outstanding and should be at the top of the list.   Editorial boards across the country have touted Judge Gorsuch's  credentials and temperament. The Denver Post, his hometown newspaper,  wrote an editorial praising his ability to apply the law fairly and  consistently. Of course, there has been newspaper after newspaper from  the right and left across this country who come down on this side of  the issue saying that Judge Gorsuch should be confirmed.   Let's look also--and this has been pointed out so often that you  wonder if you should say it again, but Judge Gorsuch on the Tenth  Circuit has participated in 2,700 cases, he has written over 800  opinions, and has been overruled by the Supreme Court one time. Is this  a judicial radical? I think not.   I think this is someone who is demonstrated to be in the judicial  mainstream--one reversal by the Supreme Court out of 800 written  decisions and 2,700 votes cast on panels with the Tenth Circuit. He has  almost always been in the majority some 99 percent of the panels he  served on, he was in the majority of those opinions, and 97 percent of  those decisions were unanimous. This is hardly some radical pick as  some might have suggested.   Has the process been unfair? We have heard a lot about this. A lot of  my dear friends on the other side of the aisle feel aggrieved for sure.  They feel that Judge Garland, the nominee of President Obama in 2016,  was treated unfairly. I would simply make this observation, and the  American public can decide if this was unfair.   This is a vacancy that came up during a heated, hotly contested  Presidential year. There is really no doubt that, under similar  circumstances, had the roles been reversed and had a Republican tried  to nominate a nominee in the last year of his 8-year term, that a  Democrat majority in the Senate would have done exactly as we did.   I am not guessing when I say this because the Democratic leaders of  previous years have said as much. No less than Joe Biden--who was a  former chairman of the Judiciary Committee and later on became Vice  President for 8 years--no less than Joe Biden said exactly the same. It  almost became the Biden rule. Republican Presidential nominees taken up  during the final year of a term will not be considered by a Democratic  Senate. So the shoe was on the other foot, and we acted the same.   So we will leave it up to the American people to decide whether Judge  Garland was treated unfairly. I do not believe he was. As a matter of  fact, I felt very comfortable during 2016 saying that who fills a  Supreme Court seat is so important, such a significant and long-lasting  decision, that the American people deserve to be heard on this issue. I  felt comfortable making the Presidential election largely about what  the Supreme Court would look like over the coming years.   There is no question about it, the American people got to decide in  November of 2016 whether they would like a judge in the mold of Justice  Scalia whose seat we were trying to fill or would they like a judge in  the mold of Judge Garland who President Obama was seeking to put in  place. So I make no apology for saying to the American people, You get  to decide in this Presidential year what sort of Supreme Court you  want. The American people made that decision, and I am comfortable with  that.   I was asked today by several members of the press about the change in  the rules that I voted for today. It is not a situation that makes me  overly joyed. It is not my idea of a good time to overrule a precedent  and to substitute another one in its place. You would rather not do  that if you are a U.S. Senator; but the fact is that it puts us back  into a place that we were for 200 years in this Republic.   From the beginning of this Senate, 1789 through 1889, through 1989,  up to and including 2003, there was no filibuster at all on Supreme  Court Justices. There was no partisan filibuster at all in Supreme  Court Justices, and no judge had ever been denied his position because  of a partisan filibuster at any level--Federal judge, circuit level, or  Supreme Court.   That changed in 2003, and with the Miguel Estrada nomination, our  Democrat friends stopped a qualified judge from going on the Federal  appeals court. That was the beginning of an unfortunate 14-year  experiment in judicial filibusters. It is not a filibuster that I  think--it is not a precedent or experiment that I think this Senate can  be very proud of, but it took place over a relatively short period of  time over 14 years, and it ends it today.   As of today, the U.S. Senate is back where it was for over 200 years  in the history of this Senate and the history of our Republic without  the ability to stop a judge on a partisan filibuster. In fact, this  fact cannot be contradicted. There has never been in the history of our  country, even in this past decade and a half of having the  possibilities of a Supreme Court filibuster, there has never been a  Supreme Court nominee in the history of our republic stopped by a  partisan filibuster.   Today that 225-year or so precedent would have ended had we not acted  to change the rules back to where we are back to fundamental  principles. I was not willing to see Judge Neil Gorsuch be that first  nominee stopped by a partisan filibuster in the history of our country.  I was simply not willing to do that.   We now must proceed to the rest of our business. We will confirm  Judge Gorsuch tomorrow. I think he will serve well. Then we have work  to do. We have other nominees to consider, and then we've got an agenda  that we need to tend to for our people.   I am encouraged by the exchange of the first early steps of goodwill  after this divisive process. Indeed, there was an article in one of our  publications today that talked about a healthy feeling now in both  caucuses, that we have got to put this procedural episode behind us,  this crisis behind us and legislate.   I am glad to hear that sort of bipartisan talk coming from the other  side of the aisle. Another of my friends across the aisle said, ``We're  not looking for dilatory procedures,'' he said. ``When there are things  where we can work together, we're looking for that.''   I am encouraged--even encouraged that my friend who I was talking to  yesterday afternoon will conclude that we have not forever changed the  Senate in a negative way, that we are, in fact, back to where we were  before 2003 and getting things done.   In the end, this is about an individual who is qualified. It is about  a vacancy that needs to be filled. I for one am highly comfortable that  the President, in Neil Gorsuch, has put forth an outstanding, eminently  qualified judge and that he will serve us well. My vote tomorrow in  favor of confirmation will be cast enthusiastically and proudly, and I  think that it will stand the test of time.   I thank the Presiding Officer very much, and at this time, I yield  the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   