 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for  yielding, and I commend him for taking up this Special Order and giving  Representative Adams and myself the opportunity to participate and to  pay tribute to the General Baptist State Convention.   The mention of Shaw University brings me to my feet because I, too,  want to reflect on this significant Baptist institution, which is in  the Fourth Congressional District, in downtown Raleigh.   Shaw has also recently celebrated its 150th anniversary, a history  that parallels that of the General Baptist State Convention.   I was there last week in historic Estey Hall. I have to say--yes,  point out the historic building there on the campus--when I first came  to the Congress in the 1980s, my first appropriations earmark was for  Estey Hall. Believe me, that was just a little bit of seed money. But  Shaw has restored that building in a beautiful way. The acting  President of Shaw, Dr. Paulette Dillard, is doing a wonderful job of  leading that university.   But the occasion last week was an inaugural lecture. The Adam Clayton  Powell-Ella Baker lecture is going to be an annual occasion at Shaw. I  was honored to give that lecture to a very lively group of students and  faculty. Then we had a luncheon in Estey Hall afterwards and a great  discussion, just liberal arts education at its best. I appreciated  being part of that occasion, and I certainly, over the years, have come  to appreciate what Shaw means: a Baptist institution. It is tied very,  very closely. Shaw University Divinity School is affiliated--an  institution that this convention has nurtured and that, in turn, has  served thousands of people, and enriched the life of North Carolina.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for  this opportunity.   I would like to conclude by reflecting on some of the outstanding  pastors who have led this convention and led the congregations that  comprise this convention. I hesitate to name any because there are so  many who have served so faithfully and so well.   But I want to share some memories, and I think our listeners in North  Carolina will remember these as well. They exemplify what this  convention has been all about and the leadership it has offered.   Dr. Charles Ward, for example, long-term pastor of the First Baptist  Church in Raleigh, a civil rights leader, a mentor to so many people  over the years, and a revered pastor. I remember him so well as I first  began to think about running for Congress and sought his counsel. He  unfailingly gave wise counsel and encouragement. He, of course, was a  leader in the General Baptist State Convention.   Reverend Lorenzo Lynch, from Durham, North Carolina, another former  leader of the convention. His son, Leonzo, is now the vice president of  the convention. Leonzo Lynch is a powerful prophetic preacher. He had a  huge impact on the city of Durham. The Durham Committee on the Affairs  of Black People recently honored his lifetime achievements. And his  daughter, former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, returned to Durham to  be part of that recognition.  [[Page H8222]]    I think of C.R. Edwards, former president of the convention, pastor  for so many years at the First Baptist Church of Fayetteville, a long- term leader of the North Carolina General Assembly, and special  assistant to North Carolina's Governors. Again, a mentor, a wise man,  someone who was a good man and who knew how to bring out the best in  others.   I think of W.B. Lewis, who recently passed away, another former  president of the convention. He was pastor for a long time of the--I  say a long time--decades upon decades of the First Cosmopolitan Baptist  Church in Raleigh. He was a pioneer in figuring out how to work with  the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development to form a  nonprofit corporation to build affordable housing, which, to this day,  stands in Raleigh--rental housing for the elderly.   Finally, I think of John R. Manley, 60-plus years as pastor of First  Baptist Church in Chapel Hill, a dear friend of mine. Another former  president of the convention, by the way. This was a pattern for  these leading pastors to offer that kind of State leadership, as they  were offering local leadership. John Manley also was a champion of  housing. Manley Estates stands right there in that community. I know  how hard John Manley worked on that because we worked together. We have  this housing in the community because of his vision.    I can go on and on. But this is such an impressive honor roll of  leaders--pastors--who have not only led their flocks, but they have led  the State and, in many cases, national religious organizations.   The General Baptist State Convention has enabled millions of people  over these years to deepen their faith and to express that faith in  ministering to those whom Jesus called, ``the least of these,'' and to  advance the struggle for justice in this country.   So I am proud to join my colleagues in this tribute tonight. And I  say to the General Baptist State Convention of North Carolina that many  faithful members of the congregations, the leaders, may you go from  strength to strength, and may you continue to approach the gospel  powerfully and be a force for good and justice and right in our  community.   