 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Congressman Veasey, from  the great State of Texas.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today as part of the observation of Black History  Month to continue my series of remarks recognizing HBCUs, Historically  Black Colleges and Universities. I ask my colleagues to join me in  celebrating Benedict College in Columbia, South Carolina.   Founded in 1870, just 5 years after the end of the Civil War, by the  American Baptist Home Mission Society, Benedict was originally named  Benedict Institute, after Stephen and Bathsheba Benedict of Rhode  Island, Baptist abolitionists who had donated the funds to acquire the  property on which the campus sits. Formerly the site of a pre-Civil War  plantation, the first classes were held in a dilapidated mansion on the  grounds. Benedict Institute was formerly chartered by the South  Carolina General Assembly in 1894 and renamed Benedict College.   From its founding through 1930, Benedict was led by northern White  Baptist ministers. In 1930, Reverend John Starks, an alumnus of  Benedict, became the school's first African-American president. The  heart of its campus has been designated the Benedict College Historic  District, consisting of Morgan Hall, Pratt Hall, Duckett Hall, Antisdel  Chapel, and Starks Center.   Like Allen University, its neighbor, Benedict College has a long  legacy of activism for civil rights and social justice. One of the very  first civil rights campaigns in South Carolina was organized at  Benedict College in 1937. Students participating in a national NAACP  campaign led a demonstration in support of antilynching legislation  pending in Congress.   One of Benedict's early graduates was Reverend Richard Carroll. Born  into slavery in Barnwell, South Carolina, Reverend Carroll was a  prominent Baptist minister in the late 1800s who received honors and  appointments from both President William McKinley and President  Theodore Roosevelt. Other prominent alumni include Modjeska Simkins, a  prominent civil rights and public health champion; General Matthew  Zimmerman, who served as Chief of Chaplains of the United States Army;  and I.S. Leevy Johnson, the first African-American president of the  South Carolina State Bar Association.   In the modern era, under the leadership of President David Swinton,  Benedict has grown to a student body of more than 2,800 undergraduate  students. In 1995, Swinton revived the football program and marching  band 30 years after they had been shut down. He also championed a new  sports complex on Two Notch Road in Columbia, which includes a football  stadium, tennis courts, baseball fields, and fitness facilities. The  liberal arts curriculum now offers degrees in 30 different disciplines.  President Swinton also has led the efforts to preserve and restore many  of the historic buildings on the campus, in part paid for with Federal  funds from the HBCU Historic Preservation Program that we in this  Congress have championed.   President Swinton will retire this summer after 23 years of service  to the institution. I wish him well and thank him for his leadership.   Today, on the same land where Blacks once toiled in slavery, their  descendants are now learning the tools they need to live up to Benedict  College's motto: to be powers for good. Like so many HBCUs, Benedict  offers a unique religious experience in which students from many  different backgrounds share a common struggle for equality, and I am  pleased to recognize them today.   