 Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear colleague, Bonnie Watson  Coleman, for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong opposition to the  nomination of Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education. To start,  President-elect Trump's nominee to lead our country's education policy  has absolutely no experience in public schools: not as a teacher, not  as a student, and not as a parent. That lack of experience makes her  efforts to privatize public education particularly shameful.   I was a public schoolteacher for more than 24 years--I taught high  school--which means that I have spent at least 24 more years in a  public school classroom than Betsy DeVos. If she actually stepped  inside of a classroom in a public school, here is what she would find:  she would find teachers who are giving everything they can, their  passion, their time, and often their own money to give kids the best  education possible. She would find facilities in need of repair,  classrooms in need of modern equipment, and programs in desperate need  of funding. She would find students who deserve to receive an  exceptional education that will help them reach their potential.   But Ms. DeVos has no interest in supporting America's public  education system. Instead, she will insert a profit motive into our  children's education that will cripple our public schools and punish  the millions of children who attend them every day. The Obama  administration pushed public schools on a race to the top. Betsy DeVos  will create a race to the bottom line.   The result of her work in Michigan serves as a warning to schools  across America. By using her personal fortune to influence policy,  Betsy DeVos engineered a massive influx of for-profit charter schools  into the State of Michigan. Michigan taxpayers now hand for-profit  charter schools $1 billion every year, and, in return, many of those  schools underperform public schools while evading accountability.    The opportunity that comes with a good education is what makes the  American Dream possible for each new generation. If we abandon our  public schools, we abandon the millions of children and parents who  rely on them as a path to a brighter future.   It is very simple. The Senate should not confirm a Secretary of  Education who does not believe in public education. Senate Democrats  and Republicans must send a clear message to parents, teachers, and  students across the country that we stand by our public schools. I hope  they will do so by rejecting this nomination. I thank my dear colleague  from the State of New Jersey. I appreciate this opportunity to let my  views be known and to make a plea with our colleagues in the other  house to do their duty and hold out for a Secretary of Education who  actually believes in public education.   Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I want to thank my colleague for coming and  taking the time and speaking on behalf of public education and students  everywhere. We talked about it before, and I am happy to announce that  we will be working as part of the House Public Education Caucus and  looking very closely at those issues that are being brought forth and  those plans that are being offered.   I know if you look at my district in my State of New Jersey, you see  some of the finest public schools in the country. At the same time,  just 12 miles away, you see some of the most challenging. I know in my  district that, if Elizabeth DeVos would take a look at what is  happening in my district, she would see schoolteachers anxious to teach  but have textbooks in what is considered advanced placement classes  that don't even have the cover on the top of the book that those  children are using. I know this because I have seen it for myself.   So higher education is, indeed, that issue, that opportunity, that  difference between living a life of poverty and being able to educate  yourself and prepare yourself for a future that we must stand up for,  and we will. I thank the gentleman for the time that he has given us.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear colleague, Bonnie Watson  Coleman, for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong opposition to the  nomination of Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education. To start,  President-elect Trump's nominee to lead our country's education policy  has absolutely no experience in public schools: not as a teacher, not  as a student, and not as a parent. That lack of experience makes her  efforts to privatize public education particularly shameful.   I was a public schoolteacher for more than 24 years--I taught high  school--which means that I have spent at least 24 more years in a  public school classroom than Betsy DeVos. If she actually stepped  inside of a classroom in a public school, here is what she would find:  she would find teachers who are giving everything they can, their  passion, their time, and often their own money to give kids the best  education possible. She would find facilities in need of repair,  classrooms in need of modern equipment, and programs in desperate need  of funding. She would find students who deserve to receive an  exceptional education that will help them reach their potential.   But Ms. DeVos has no interest in supporting America's public  education system. Instead, she will insert a profit motive into our  children's education that will cripple our public schools and punish  the millions of children who attend them every day. The Obama  administration pushed public schools on a race to the top. Betsy DeVos  will create a race to the bottom line.   The result of her work in Michigan serves as a warning to schools  across America. By using her personal fortune to influence policy,  Betsy DeVos engineered a massive influx of for-profit charter schools  into the State of Michigan. Michigan taxpayers now hand for-profit  charter schools $1 billion every year, and, in return, many of those  schools underperform public schools while evading accountability.    The opportunity that comes with a good education is what makes the  American Dream possible for each new generation. If we abandon our  public schools, we abandon the millions of children and parents who  rely on them as a path to a brighter future.   It is very simple. The Senate should not confirm a Secretary of  Education who does not believe in public education. Senate Democrats  and Republicans must send a clear message to parents, teachers, and  students across the country that we stand by our public schools. I hope  they will do so by rejecting this nomination. I thank my dear colleague  from the State of New Jersey. I appreciate this opportunity to let my  views be known and to make a plea with our colleagues in the other  house to do their duty and hold out for a Secretary of Education who  actually believes in public education.   Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I want to thank my colleague for coming and  taking the time and speaking on behalf of public education and students  everywhere. We talked about it before, and I am happy to announce that  we will be working as part of the House Public Education Caucus and  looking very closely at those issues that are being brought forth and  those plans that are being offered.   I know if you look at my district in my State of New Jersey, you see  some of the finest public schools in the country. At the same time,  just 12 miles away, you see some of the most challenging. I know in my  district that, if Elizabeth DeVos would take a look at what is  happening in my district, she would see schoolteachers anxious to teach  but have textbooks in what is considered advanced placement classes  that don't even have the cover on the top of the book that those  children are using. I know this because I have seen it for myself.   So higher education is, indeed, that issue, that opportunity, that  difference between living a life of poverty and being able to educate  yourself and prepare yourself for a future that we must stand up for,  and we will. I thank the gentleman for the time that he has given us.    If I might join in a little more, I became a teacher-- more than, wow, gosh, it must be 30 years ago now--having experienced  the disparity in the public schools in the Boston, Massachusetts, area;  some days being a substitute teacher in Brookline, Massachusetts, and  other days being a substitute teacher in inner city Boston. The  contrast between the wealthy Brookline School District and then the  inner city Boston where you walk through a metal detector woke me up.  And I really believed that if we did not address the achievement gap in  our country, that if the American Dream of social economic mobility was  only available to some and not all of our students, that our very  democracy would be in jeopardy.   It pains me to see from the incoming Trump administration such a  superficial, extreme profit-driven notion of improving our schools. I  wish that both President-elect and Betsy DeVos could see some of the  great work that is being done at my schools in my congressional  district where we have a teacher--I am blanking on his name, but he is  responsible for one-fourth of all the Latinos in the State of  California that score 4s and 5s on the physics AP test. Remarkable work  being done in a regular school that does not cherry-pick its students.  It is a public school in the Val Verde Unified School District that is  making remarkable strides. This work is not being looked at carefully,  is being overlooked, and it is a shame that we have a nominee for  Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, who has such a terrible history,  who is committed to actually tearing down our public school system.   Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. By nominating Tom Price as the Secretary of  Health and Human Services, President-elect Trump will continue his  assault on the health of Americans. The HHS nominee has made a career  on lining the pockets of insurance companies at the expense of the  sick, on behalf of the rich, and his unwavering support of cuts to  Medicaid and Medicare are forever known.   This signals yet another broken promise by the incoming President to  pledge to leave the essential Federal programs alone, and he is doing  the opposite. This is, indeed, a problem.   Defending the sanctity of American democracy is more important than  any  [[Page H462]]  partisan consideration. Yet, after reports of Russia's attack on our  democracy were confirmed, Rex Tillerson, nominee for Secretary of  State, wouldn't say if he would support sanctions against the country.  In fact, Mr. Tillerson admitted that he had not yet spoken with the  President-elect about the conflict. This is a huge problem, not the  least of which is one whether or not we can believe it.   I now yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), a champion  for all progressive needs and for all families.   