 Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, over the past 2 weeks, the majority has considered  three bills on the House floor designed to undermine the ability of the  executive branch to implement essential economic and public health  protections for the people we have the honor to represent: the so- called Midnight Rules Relief Act, which could retroactively disallow  rules issued as far back as June of last year; the REINS Act, which  requires a majority vote of both Houses of Congress before any major  rule can go into effect; and today's Regulatory Accountability Act,  which is an 82-page omnibus bill which would effectively tie the  executive branch into so much red tape that environmental, workplace,  and consumer protections might never see the light of day.   By enacting these statutes, Congress would impair the constitutional  duty of the executive branch to ``take care that laws be faithfully  executed'' and replace them with a series of layers that can be applied  by deep-pocketed special interests, including one provision that  prevents some rules from going into effect that may affect public  safety if somebody files a lawsuit.   The question is: Who loses when these playing fields are tilted this  way? Well, just a couple within the jurisdiction of the Committee on  Education and Labor, 4.2 million working people would lose. That is the  number of people who would be eligible for overtime pay as a result of  the responsible actions taken by the Obama administration. They would  lose the benefit of overtime for time worked in excess of 40 hours a  week. Working families and seniors could lose their retirement savings.   Last year, the Obama administration released a fiduciary rule that  ensures that retirement savings are protected from financial advisers  who may prioritize fees over services. Without the rule, working  families and seniors could lose billions of dollars every year in  retirement savings by being unnecessarily charged by unscrupulous  financial advisers.   Students in low-income school districts could lose. Without the  Department of Education's new supplement-not-supplant rule, these  students would lose critical resources, and those resources would be  redirected to wealthier districts.   So let's be clear. The bill before us is not on the side of children,  workers, and retirees. Instead, the bill throws sand in the gears of  the regulatory process by adding more layers to the process, rigging it  in favor of powerful corporate interests, and encouraging frivolous  lawsuits. That is not what Congress should be focusing on. Instead, we  should be building on the progress that has been achieved over the last  8 years. We should be considering legislation that increases wages,  improves the lives of working families, increases access to high  quality child care and early childhood education, supports quality  public schools in every neighborhood, makes colleges more affordable,  helps American families balance work and family life, and empowers  workers to organize and collectively bargain.   That has been the focus of my Democratic colleagues on the Education  and the Workforce Committee, and that focus will remain in the years  ahead. So I urge the majority to partner with us to protect and promote  the rights of working people and students by defeating this bill.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk  made in order under the rule.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment to the Regulatory  Accountability Act, H.R. 5, if adopted, would exempt regulations  proposed by the Mine Safety and Health Administration or the  Occupational Safety and Health Administration, MSHA and OSHA, which are  needed to prevent or reduce the incidence of traumatic injury, cancer,  or irreversible lung disease.   I am deeply concerned that this legislation would impose layers of  unnecessary procedures to the rulemaking process and provide incentives  for frivolous litigation, while hindering workplace safety agencies  trying to help keep workers safe.   Current procedures that govern OSHA's rulemaking already involve an  extensive review process and stakeholder engagement from small business  review panels, risk assessments, economic feasibility determinations,  public hearings, and multiple opportunities for public comment.   According to the GAO, to meet these requirements, it takes OSHA 7  years to issue a new safety standard. In fact, it required 18 years for  OSHA to update a rule that reduces exposure to beryllium, a metal that  causes irreversible lung disease, even though there was broad agreement  between employers and unions on the new standard.   H.R. 5 imposes 60 additional procedural steps in order to issue a new  rule, on top of extensive layers of review already required by the  Administrative Procedure Act, the Regulatory Flexibility Act, Data  Quality Act, and numerous executive orders. The goal of adding these  layers is obvious: to tie agencies such as OSHA and MSHA in red tape so  they can't do their jobs protecting workers and improving workplace  safety.   One especially troubling part of the bill would require a super- mandate that requires agencies to use the least cost alternative  instead of the most protective rule. Nobody favors excessive cost, but  this requirement overrides the carefully balanced requirements in OSHA  that require life and limb must be fully protected, provided that the  safety requirements are technically and economically feasible. That is  the present law.   The question that needs to be asked is: The least cost to whom and at  what cost to others? What is the least cost mandate protection of  workers? Is the least cost mandate secondary to worker safety in order  to limit cost to corporations? And then again, who decides?   Under the bill, some regulations could be delayed until the end of  any litigation, the final determination in a lawsuit which, with trials  and appeals, could take years. The bill prohibits the rules from going  into effect until the end of the litigation. Now, normally, you can get  an injunction, but that would require the court to consider the  likelihood of success of the lawsuit and the potential harm done if the  injunction is issued or not issued.   Under H.R. 5, rules could exceed the least cost alternative, but only  if the agency demonstrates that the additional benefits outweigh the  additional costs. This eliminates a well-established test under OSHA  which requires ``the most productive standard which is feasible,'' and  that standard obviously just invites litigation which will delay the  final rule for years.   The problem with the least cost framework is that it would tilt the  playing field to ensure the least cost for industry but at the expense  of workers and the American public. According to expert witnesses  before the Judiciary Committee, this bill will add another 2 or 3 years  to the regulatory process, and these delays will allow preventable  injuries and occupational diseases to continue unabated.   Mr. Chairman, the premise behind this legislation is based on the  erroneous assumption that regulations issued over the last 8 years have  obstructed job growth; however, employment statistics do not bear this  out. Since the end of the recession, the U.S. economy has gained almost  16 million jobs, while establishing the longest consecutive months of  job growth on record.   I urge my colleagues to support the amendment to ensure that, even if  the bill passes, OSHA and MSHA will be able to prevent or reduce the  incidence of traumatic injury, cancer, and irreversible lung disease.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment will preserve the ability of the  executive branch to promulgate rules, which will save lives and avoid  preventable deaths and disease. A vote for the amendment is a vote for  a safe workplace. I would hope that the amendment would be adopted and  save lives.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   