 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last year seems like a long time ago,  but just 5 months ago, 94 Members of this body voted for a bill called  the 21st Century Cures Act. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell  called it the most important legislation of the year. The Presiding  Officer, the Senator from Ohio, had a major role in that legislation,  especially the part having to do with opioids. This was legislation to  spur research and development of cures, devices, and treatments for  some of the most deadly and some of the most stubborn illnesses and  diseases.   Dr. Frances Collins, head of the National Institutes of Health--which  he calls the ``National Institutes of Hope''--last year offered what he  called bold predictions about major advances that we could expect over  the next decade with a sustained commitment to medical research. One  prediction of Dr. Collins is that science will find ways to identify  Alzheimer's before symptoms appear, as well as how to slow down or even  prevent the disease. Another is that doctors could use the patient's  own stem cells to rebuild his or her heart. An artificial pancreas will  help diabetes patients by tracking blood glucose levels and by creating  precise doses of insulin. He also predicts a Zika vaccine, a universal  flu vaccine, and an HIV/AIDS vaccine in the next 10 years. To relieve  suffering and deal with the epidemic of opioid addiction, Dr. Collins  predicts new, nonaddictive pain treatments to manage pain.   The 21st Centuries Cures Act became a law last year and authorized  4.8 billion new dollars for medical research, on top of the support  Congress already provides through the annual appropriations process.  Because of bipartisan support, that was an extra $2 billion last year  and an extra $2 billion this year. The way we add up money around here,  over 10 years, that is $20 billion over 10 years last year and another  $20 billion this year, which includes the $4.8 billion authorized in  the 21st Century Cures legislation, all for medical research.   The next step in our efforts to turn Dr. Collins' predictions into a  reality and to help America's patients benefit from all the research we  are helping support is to fund the Food and Drug Administration. The  FDA, as we call it, is the agency responsible for making good on the  promise of the 21st Centuries Cures Act to actually reach America's  patients.   Before September 30 of this year, four different FDA user fee  agreements need to be reauthorized. They need to be acted on by the  Senate, by the House, and sent to the President of the United States.  These user fees are paid by manufacturers of drugs and medical devices  and account for $8 billion to $9 billion over 5 years and over a  quarter of all FDA funding.   Last week, 21 of the 23 members of the Senate HELP Committee voted to  send to the Senate floor a bill reauthorizing those four user fee  agreements based on recommendations from industry and from the FDA  after a thorough and lengthy public process.   The FDA Reauthorization Act, sponsored by me and by Senator Murray,  the distinguished Senator from Washington who is the ranking Democrat  on our Senate HELP Committee, reauthorizes the four user fee agreements  that expire at the end of September. The four agreements are, No. 1,  the prescription drug user fee, which accounted for 70 percent of the  brand drug review budget last year; No. 2, medical device user fee  amendments, which accounted for 36 percent of the medical device review  budget in fiscal  [[Page S2954]]  year 2016; the generic drug user fee amendments, which accounted for  over 75 percent of the generic drug review budget in fiscal year 2016;  and the biosimilar user fee amendments, which accounted for 29 percent  of the biosimilar review budget in fiscal year 2016.   So here is my message to colleagues: The U.S. Senate has the  opportunity to provide Americans with a prompt, bipartisan  reauthorization of the Food and Drug Administration user fee agreements  and, in doing so, take the next crucial step in helping Americans see  the benefits of the results of our 21st Century Cures Act passed last  year. If we do not move quickly to pass these agreements in late July,  the FDA will be forced to send layoff notices to more than 5,000 FDA  employees to notify them that they may lose their job in 60 days.    As I said, these reauthorizations are based on recommendations both  from industry and from the Food and Drug Administration after a  thorough public process. The FDA posted meeting minutes after every  negotiation and held public meetings before discussions began and to  hear feedback on the draft recommendations last fall.   Patients were also involved in developing commitment letters. We have  received support from patient groups asking us to authorize the  agreements expeditiously.   In Congress, over the last 15 months, the Senate HELP Committee, of  which I am chairman and Senator Murray is the ranking Democrat, had 15  bipartisan briefings, some of which were with the Energy and Commerce  Committee of the House of Representatives, and heard, as well, from the  FDA and industry about the reauthorization.   Our HELP Committee held two bipartisan hearings earlier this year on  the Food and Drug Administration medical device and drug user fees and  released a discussion draft of our legislation on April 14, which  provided 2 weeks for public comment.   I go into all this because I want everyone to see how thoroughly this  has been discussed and how important it is.   The committee then worked in a bipartisan way to incorporate comments  from the public and from members of the committee.   The manager's amendment--which we approved in the committee last  week, as I said, by a vote of 21 to 2--includes many priorities that  are broadly bipartisan. Here are a few examples: legislation from  Senators Isakson and Bennet to improve the medical device inspection  process; a provision from Senator Hassan, Democrat, and Senator Young,  Republican, to improve communication about abuse-deterrent opioid  products; from Senators Franken, Democrat, and Senator Enzi,  Republican, a provision to encourage medical device development for  children and make sure FDA has the appropriate expertise to review  devices for children; from Senator Baldwin, a provision to make sure  the full experience of clinical trial participants is studied; from  Senator Burr and Senator Young, additional reporting to make sure that  the FDA is meeting their goals and that we can do proper oversight of  the new agreements. It includes legislation by Senators Casey, Franken,  and Warren on a pilot project on studying medical devices after  approval to make sure they work as intended. A provision from Senator  Cassidy requiring additional guidance for complex generics, like  EpiPens, so manufacturers know what they have to do to make a generic  version, was also included. A provision to make new hearing aid  technology available came from Senators Warren and Isakson, as well as  a provision from Senators Roberts, Donnelly, and Burr to allow more  appropriate classification of accessories used with medical devices.   In the committee markup last week, we unanimously adopted these  bipartisan amendments, which follow: an amendment from Senator Collins,  which reflected legislation from Senators Collins, Franken, McCaskill,  and Cotton on improving generic drug development and helping to lower  prescription drug costs; an amendment from Senators Hatch, Burr, and  Casey to improve patient access to clinical trials.   A delay in reauthorizing these agreements would delay the review of  drugs and devices submitted after last April 1--more than a month ago.  If we don't pass these reauthorizations into law on time, which means  by the end of July, an FDA reviewer who gets started reviewing a cancer  drug submitted to the agency in April would be laid off on October 1,  before the reviewer is able to finish his or her work. In addition to  harming patients and harming families who rely on medical innovation, a  delay in the reauthorization would threaten America's global leadership  in biomedical innovation.   After reviewing the recommendations from industry and from the FDA, I  am convinced these are good agreements for patients. The sooner we pass  this legislation, the better, to give certainty to patients, doctors,  FDA reviewers, and companies.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 10, S. 419.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Grassley substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to;  the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 74, S. 139.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 75, S. 583.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged  from further consideration of S. 867 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged  from further consideration of S.J. Res. 22 and the Senate proceed to  its immediate consideration.    I further ask unanimous consent that the joint  resolution be considered read a third time and passed, the preamble be  agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   