 Madam Speaker, the science is clear, as  dismemberment abortion procedures pull children apart limb from limb,  the baby feels pain. The baby recoils as the instruments get closer.  The fight or flight instinct is there. If that isn't proof of life, I  don't know what is. These late term abortions must end.   My position on this matter is well-known. It has long been my mission  to protect the unborn.   A vast majority of Americans agree, late term abortions are wrong.  Period. Full stop.   This bill isn't just for the sake of the babies. This bill protects  their mothers. At 20 weeks, this horrendous procedure is risky and  subjects mothers to serious dangers.   Lives are at stake, both for mothers and their babies.   I support this bill, and urge my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle, in both chambers to do the same. Thank you Mr. Franks for  introducing this important piece of legislation.   Ms. DeLAURO. Madam Speaker, today, I rise for Dr. Liz. This is her  story. Laura and Mark, a couple in Connecticut, sought prenatal care  from Dr. Liz. When Laura was 20 weeks pregnant, they came in for an  ultrasound.   The couple was devastated when the scan showed that their baby was  affected by anencephaly, meaning absence of brain development. Dr. Liz  remembers watching the joy and laughter leave Laura and Mark as they  absorbed this news.   They sought refuge with their families and clergy, and jointly made  the difficult decision to end the pregnancy rather than endure 20 more  weeks, a delivery, and the certain death of the child soon thereafter.   Every family should be able to make their own decisions about  reproductive health. Instead, this bill puts the federal government  squarely between a woman and her doctor. It even threatens providers  like Dr. Liz with five years in jail if they perform a legal,  constitutional, and sometimes medically necessary procedure.   H.R. 36 is nothing more than a cruel attempt to deny women their  constitutional rights. The Ninth Circuit struck down Idaho's 20-week  ban in 2015, and also struck down a similar law from Arizona in 2013.   We must stop the attacks on women's health. I urge my colleagues to  vote no on H.R. 36.   