 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the Virgin Islands  for her leadership in terms of being provided this opportunity that she  has demonstrated clearly that she has been leading these efforts for  the Congressional Black Caucus. So I want to again compliment her for  all that she has done not just through words, but through action. And  then my neighboring legislator from New Jersey, he and I worked very  close together and I have known him an awful long time. So I thank both  of you.   I have always said there is a big difference between campaigning and  governing. I will say that again. There is a big difference between  campaigning and governing. President Trump, it is time to govern.  [[Page H6204]]    When I talk to people in my district, they are scared about what  President Trump and the Republicans are doing when it comes to their  healthcare. They know that the Republicans want to take away their  healthcare, and they do not know where to turn. We know that the  Republican healthcare bill does not protect our family members and  friends from preexisting conditions.   Mr. Speaker, I want to tell you the story of a small businessowner in  my district named Andrea. Andrea owns a small pet store, Spot's--The  Place for Paws, in Narberth, Pennsylvania. Andrea left her Philadelphia  law practice to pursue her dream of owning a small business. Andrea has  type 1 diabetes, and without the ACA, she would not be able to get the  well-priced coverage that covers her health expenses and medication and  allows her to keep her shop open.   We are talking about passing a bill that will make life harder for  those trying to get ahead. That is wrong, and that is a risk we cannot  take.   Even though the President has yet to deliver on a single promise in 6  months, Pennsylvanians are still anxious and fearful of his plans for  the future. President Trump has been in office for 6 months, and we  have had 6 months of court cases, stalling, and tweets. Let me repeat  that. We have had 6 months of court cases, stalling, and tweets.   The Trump administration is still clearly not ready for prime time.  From healthcare to the Russians, to the budget, the Republican party  has left the American people with nothing but broken promises.   Philadelphia and Montgomery County residents in my district deserve  better. The American people deserve better. For 8 years, the ``Party of  No'' constantly criticized President Obama. Yet, even with control of  the House, the Senate, and the White House, they have yet to deliver on  a jobs plan, healthcare, tax reform, and the list goes on.   Our Federal workers who help secure our Nation's borders, protect and  monitor our food supply, and support businesses through agencies like  the SBA should not have to wait for Republicans to continue to make  decisions that are not in the best interest of the country.   Our neighborhoods have a lot to lose if we don't stand united and  fight for what is right. It is time to roll up our sleeves and work  across party lines to fight for sound economic policies that give our  schools and students and our small businessowners and entrepreneurs,  our seniors, and our veterans the resources they need to prosper and  build stronger neighborhoods block by block,   It is time for a better deal. We deserve a better deal and a better  opportunity. It is clear to me that we need to build on that  opportunity for the future, and the only way we can do it is we have to  stop campaigning, Mr. President, and we have to begin to govern.   The over 300 million Americans deserve all of us functioning  together, and the Congressional Black Caucus, the conscience of this  body, is prepared to lead.   My colleague, who has been leading this effort, she has been  demonstrating over and over again a message of hope and optimism. She,  too, knows that we can have a better deal, and that better deal is an  optimism of people working together.   So I thank you, Mr. Speaker, for your leadership and what you have  demonstrated.   