 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of H.R. 3971, the  Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017.   I would like to also thank the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Tenney)  [[Page H9803]]  for her hard work on this piece of legislation and her leadership on  this issue.   An overwhelming majority of my Financial Services Committee  colleagues recognized the need for this bill, and I hope that the full  House will also recognize that very same need by voting in favor of  this meaningful legislation.   Mr. Speaker, the problem right now is that community banks are being  crushed by the sheer weight, magnitude, and intricacy of habitual  Washington regulations, and this is all thanks to the crippling effects  of the failed Dodd-Frank.   Currently, community financial institutions are facing overly  burdensome rules implemented by the CFPB. The fact of the matter is we  need H.R. 3971 in order to provide needed regulatory relief to small  financial institutions.   By making two simple, minor changes, community financial institutions  will be able to better serve their customers. To be clear, the  institutions we are trying to help are not big banks, and they do not  have the capabilities of the big banks.   To comply with current burdensome escrow rules, community financial  institutions must devote more resources, time, and employees to  compliance, and thos costs get passed down to the consumer.    Oftentimes, under the pressure of the current regulatory framework,  these financial institutions will choose not to participate in the  escrow market at all simply because the rules are financially and  technically hindering. By directing the CFPB to provide relief, to  lower the thresholds, we can help make things just a little bit easier  on these vital community banks.   Overall, we should not allow oppressive regulations to drive  opportunity away from small servicers. Big banks and community  financial institutions are not the same, and we should not treat them  as such.   As a small-business owner myself of over 44 years and a steadfast  defender of Main Street, I do not hesitate to support this measure. It  is good for this country. I see the need for the good people of central  Texas to have more options.   Our job here in Washington, many miles away from our communities and  those we love, is to do what we can to make their lives easier. Mr.  Speaker, H.R. 3971 makes life easier and takes a step in the direction  of making America better.   In God we trust. Merry Christmas.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   It is important to understand why we have a Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau and why it is the centerpiece of the Dodd-Frank  reforms.   Prior to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, we did not have  anybody looking out for consumers, and so that led us into the crisis  that this country experienced in 2008 that took us into a recession and  almost a depression.   When I come before you with opposition to this kind of legislation,  it is because I know and understand--and we should all understand--what  we can do to protect our consumers and how we can work with community  banks and what that means when we are talking about a bill like this,  where real community banks of $2 billion or less are dealing with  populations that I have alluded to over and over again in the  presentation of my opposition to this bill: the rural communities and  those communities that are underserved and where these are riskier  loans and where they need not only the attention of the small community  banks, but the servicers who service these loans, and knowing that the  servicers who service a small number of loans can, in fact, pay the  attention to them that is required by RESPA and make sure that the  people are understanding, when there are transfers and they are in  contact with them constantly--and this goes for everything from  transfers to modifications--and how to deal with high-risk loans, who  may need to modify those loans, who they would talk to, how they would  talk to them.   I want to tell you, if you expand this, and you have servicers that  are handling 30,000 or more, these borrowers are not going to get this  kind of attention. So these escrows that we are talking about are  extremely important, and we should know exactly who we are protecting  and who we are not protecting.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   