 Mr. Speaker, I too want to join and thank Representative  Veasey and Representative Plaskett for this opportunity.   Tonight, I stand with my colleagues urging support of policy  solutions that will ensure our communities have unfettered access to  the ballot box and to call for solutions to Republican-led attempts to  suppress minority voting rights across the country.   Additionally, I must state my view of the recent action taken by  President Trump which I assert has reduced the national trust in our  democracy.   In the short time since President Trump has taken office, he has set  forth a national security plan that would require broad spending  increases. He has set forth an executive order to repeal the Affordable  Care Act without a replacement in place. He has seemingly put us  directly at odds with Mexico, our bordering country, due to a wall that  he has set forth as one of his key proposals, and then expected and  even demanded that they actually pay for it.   He has ignored the facts and has declared that 3 to 5 million people  allegedly voted fraudulently in the election.   And last, but certainly not least, he has set forth an executive  order banning travel from Muslim countries and suspended the refugee  program, an action that makes our Nation less safe.   Over the weekend, I joined with Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf,  Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney, Representative Robert Brady, and  Representative Brendan Boyle and spoke directly with those who were  immediately impacted by this executive action.   We joined with the protesters in voicing extreme discontent over the  executive order and vowed to do our part to remedy what we can only  refer to as a ``forced error'' of global proportions. We must work  collectively to tear down the ban and to be the open democracy that our  Constitution allows us to be.  [[Page H727]]    Just today, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates told attorneys in the  Justice Department not to make legal arguments defending President  Trump's order on immigration and refugees.   The actions taken by President Trump are not in the best interest of  our Nation, our national security, nor are they in the best interest of  our communities; that is why we must continue to move forward policy  proposals that have been introduced by my colleagues to ensure equal  access to the ballot box to ensure we protect the voting rights of  those in our communities so that they know that their voices are being  heard.   For instance, my House colleague, Representative Sewell, introduced  the Voting Rights Advancement Act, which would set forth a geographical  coverage formula that is based on the current conditions that include  13 States.   The bill will establish a rolling nationwide trigger that  continuously moves so that only States that have a recent record of  racial discrimination in voting would be covered. The Voting Rights  Advancement Act would set forth greater transparency in Federal  elections to ensure that voters are made aware of the late-breaking  changes in voter procedures and would deter discrimination from  occurring and protect voters from discrimination.   Let us continue to ensure the voices of our communities are heard. My  colleagues and I stand united and ready to combat these actions that  run counter to the best interest of those we are elected to represent.    