 Just a moment, Madam President. I am looking for the  healthcare bill. I know it is here somewhere. I haven't been able to  find it and have been looking all morning. I suspect maybe we will find  it in the next couple of days.   I wish to talk about Medicaid. Medicaid is often perceived as a  welfare program, and it isn't. It is essential medical support.   Now, let's talk about who receives Medicaid. Seventy-two percent of  the people who receive assistance from Medicaid are children, people  with disabilities, and the elderly. Indeed, 85 percent of the  expenditures for Medicaid, as opposed to enrollees--85 percent of the  expenditures--are for those same groups--the children, the disabled,  and the elderly.   Particularly, what a lot of people don't realize is that Medicaid is  one support--if not the principal support--for nursing home care  throughout the country, and especially in my State of Maine. I suspect,  if we surveyed people--perhaps some even in this body, but certainly in  the general public: How are you going to cover Aunt Minnie's nursing  home care when she has to have it later in her life, most people would  say: Oh, we have Medicare. People I talk to at home say: Medicare is  going to take care of me. No, except in very rare and limited  circumstances, Medicare does not cover nursing home care. It doesn't  cover long-term care. That is Medicaid.   Sixty-eight percent of all the Medicaid spending in Maine was for  elderly or disabled people in 2014. About one in three people  nationwide is going to require nursing home care--one in three.  Nationally, over three-quarters of nursing home residents are covered  by Medicaid. So if we are talking in this bill, wherever it is--if  anybody finds it, let me know--about significant cuts to Medicaid, we  are talking about people's ability to have long-term care in nursing  homes. Make no mistake about it. You cannot cut Medicaid by over $1  trillion in 10 years and not have it affect those people.   Now, some say we are giving the States flexibility. We are giving the  States flexibility to make agonizing decisions between disabled people,  children, and seniors. That is not flexibility. To quote the President,  that is ``mean.'' That is cruel. The States are only going to have two  choices. They are either going to have to cut people off and limit  services--and remember that three-quarters of the people are disabled,  elderly, and children--or they are going to have to raise taxes on  their own citizens.   Now, we are claiming we are going to help the Federal budget. We are  going to reduce the deficit by $800 billion over 10 years by passing  this bill. But we are just shifting the bill to the States. That is  nice work, if you can get it. Why don't we shift the cost of the Air  Force to the States? That would make the Federal budget look better.  But it is not a real savings to our citizens if they have to pay out of  their pocket at their home State or in their city, or if they have to  pay part in their income taxes. That is no savings. That is a fake  savings. That is a smokescreen to tell people: We are cutting  government expenditures. No, we are not. We are just shifting them to  another level of government where you are going to have to pay for them  there as well.   But to get back to Medicaid. Seventy percent of the nursing home  residents in Maine are covered by Medicaid. Who are they? They are  people who can't be cared for at home any longer. They require nearly  constant care and support. These aren't welfare recipients. These are  our former teachers, police officers, the people who looked after us,  the carpenters who built our houses, the nurses who cared for us in  hospitals, the wait staff who served us meals, the veterans who served  in times of trouble and fought for our freedom.   They and their families are simply part of our communities. They are  not welfare recipients. They are people who have paid their fair share  throughout their lives. They have worked hard. They have done all the  things they were supposed to do, all the things that were expected of  them. They stayed in their homes, by and large, as long as they  possibly could. But at some point, after their assets and ability to  pay were exhausted, they had Medicaid to help them in terms of long- term care.   I often say when I talk about this that it really frustrates me that  we talk about this healthcare issue in terms of ideology and the free  market and all of these kinds of things. No, this is about people.   This is about Jim and Cora Banks from Portland, ME. They lived in  Portland. He was a State employee, and she was a beautician, who worked  out of her home and most of her energy went into raising four boys.  Cora was a den mother and Scout leader. They worked on projects and-- can you believe it--all four of their boys were Eagle Scouts. That is  an astonishing accomplishment, to have four sons as Eagle Scouts. They  were active in the Kiwanis and taught Sunday school. One of their sons  was involved in Little League. So Cora raised money to build a  concession stand on the field, which is still used today.   At 55, tragically, Cora began to have memory issues. Because they had  health insurance--because they had health insurance--she could get  great care at a geriatric practice in Portland. Friends and family were  helpful, and Jim was the principal caregiver for many years. But at 70,  it became clear that Cora needed full-time care, and Jim could not  provide that level of care. The doctors said she needed to be  [[Page S3663]]  in a residential setting. Her assets were exhausted. She qualified for  MaineCare, which is what we call Medicaid. Her nursing home care was  covered, and she lived for a year in that nursing home.   Two-thirds of the income for all of our nursing homes in Maine come  from Medicaid, from MaineCare. What happens to this resource of the  nursing homes if suddenly their revenues are significantly cut? What  happens? But, mostly, what happens to people like Cora?   There is also an idea--and I heard the head of the OMB talk about it:  We are not really cutting; we are just cutting the rate of growth.  Well, if the demand is growing, the cost is growing, and you cut the  rate of growth, you are cutting. Less money will be available than is  necessary to meet the need. That is a real cut.   All of us know we are facing a demographic bulge from the baby boom  generation, who are aging and are going to require more and more  medical treatment, and they are going to put a greater demand on our  nursing homes.   In Maine, we are projecting a 105,000-person increase in the next 10  years of people over 65. One in four Maine people will be over 65 in  the next two decades.   The Alzheimer's Association projects that 35,000 Maine seniors will  be afflicted with the tragic disease of Alzheimer's within 10 years;  25,000 had the disease in 2014. People with dementia are 10 times more  likely to live in a nursing home.   There is a lot in the bill, I am told. I don't know; I haven't seen  it. I have been looking for it. But the central premise seems to be, if  it is anything like the House bill, a massive cut in Medicaid and a  massive tax cut to the people in our society who least need it. The tax  cut is targeted at the very wealthiest Americans. Yet the results of  that decision will be to cut essential medical support for elderly  people, disabled people, and children. I don't understand that bargain.  I don't understand that equation--a gigantic tax cut to the wealthiest  and a substantial cut in support for those who most need it.   Maybe I will be pleasantly surprised when I see the bill, whenever  that is. I hope it is more than a few hours before we are called upon  to vote on it. Right now, what we are hearing and what we are learning  and what the House bill looked like would be a tragedy for this country  and a tragedy for real people.   I don't understand the impulse to give a tax cut and to hurt people  when we know that is going to be the case. And again, these are not  welfare recipients; these are your friends and neighbors.   In all of our States, almost two-thirds of the nursing home residents  are on Medicaid. We are not going to be able to cut Medicaid in the  dramatic way that has been proposed without affecting those people.   I hope this body will take the time necessary to analyze this issue,  to openly debate it, to argue about it, and to find solutions that make  sense and will work for the people of America, not try to ram something  through for the purpose of checking a box on a campaign promise made  years ago.   The reality is, we have an obligation, in my view, not only to solve  the problem in a compassionate and rational and efficient way but also  to develop and run a process here that respects the institution and  respects the American people.   This is not the way this place is supposed to run--to have a bill  drafted in secret, brought to the floor within hours or a few days of  voting, and then force a vote without the kind of consideration,  hearings, input, argument, and debate that is supposed to be the  hallmark of this institution.   This is a very important decision, I think one of the most important  any of us will ever make. I, for one, am going to be able to tell my  children and grandchildren that I stood for Maine, for our children,  for our elderly, for our disabled people. And when the chips are down,  the United States Senate is going to do the right thing.   I yield the floor.   