 Mr. Speaker, the American Dream is what  separates us from the rest of the world. It promises that, with hard  work and determination, you can improve your station in life and that  your children have the opportunity for a better life than yours; but  for many in the generation coming of age in the past decade, the  American Dream has been a little tarnished, just out of reach.  [[Page H9606]]    The last time we did tax reform was 30 years ago. At that time, we  were the world's uncontested economic leader, our economic system and  Tax Code were competitive; but for decades, we have sat idly as the  world restructured to pass us by.   As we became less competitive, more and more American companies and  American jobs left our shores. What has been the result? We have lost  millions of middle class jobs.   In 1990, the middle class comprised 50 percent of American families,  today only 40 percent. Today the middle class makes just about the same  take-home pay as they did in 1990, 27 years later.   When we all worry about income disparity and the gulf between the  rich and the poor in this country, this is the source of the problem.  The American middle class is smaller and has not had a raise in 30  years.   How could this happen? It has everything to do with this bloated,  overregulating, and overtaxing Federal Government, a government that  sucks the life out of the economy and forces our companies, our  innovators, and our job creators out of the country to survive.   Some folks say it doesn't matter that we have the highest business  tax rate in the world; that is not why companies left. They say those  jobs aren't coming back.   Well, I say the outdated Tax Code is an anchor around the neck of  American business, our innovators, and our American middle class. I say  the American worker can compete with anyone on a level playing field if  we just get government out of the way.   Since January, we have been working to correct that. We have made  dramatic steps in reducing regulation, and you are already seeing the  economic lift.   Today we continue to advance a tax cut which will restore economic  growth, put more take-home pay into the pockets of hardworking  Americans, and restore opportunity for a generation. It will bring  American jobs back to America, which will grow our middle class, and  finally, after 30 years, give the middle class the pay raise it  deserves.   If you really wish to grow the economy, you should support this tax  reform package. If you really wish to give the middle class a raise,  you should support tax reform. If you really wish to reduce income  disparity, you should support this tax reform package. If you really  wish to give hope to Americans who have given up and left the  workforce, and reduce crime and addiction in this country, you should  support this tax reform package. If you want America to have the  economic strength to remain a force of peace and stability in the  world, you should support this tax reform package.   Finally, if you support the American Dream, you should support this  tax reform package.   