 Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. Rush, our ranking member of the  subcommittee, for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3043.   I support hydropower. It can deliver low-carbon, affordable power if  it is well-sited and managed. But these facilities, which are licensed  for 30 to 50 years, can do enormous harm to fisheries, agriculture, and  recreational cultural resources if not properly overseen. The  hydropower licensing process can be more efficient, but electric  utilities should not be permitted to operate without license conditions  that ensure other public interests are met.   As I look at H.R. 3043 and weigh it against the list of stakeholders  with interests in the rivers and watersheds  [[Page H8617]]  that provide hydroelectric facilities their fuel, I see a bill that is  unbalanced, regressive, and dangerous; that will harm farmers,  fishermen, boaters, Tribes, and drinking water.   H.R. 3043 will allow private hydropower companies to use public water  resources to generate power and profit, but without mitigating the  negative impacts of their facilities on others who rely on our rivers,  and without complying with modern environmental laws.   H.R. 3043, is a direct assault on States' rights, Tribal rights, and  it undercuts major environmental laws, including the Clean Water Act,  the National Environmental Policy Act, and the Endangered Species Act.  It prioritizes the use of rivers for power generation above the needs  of all other water uses, and it inserts the Federal Energy Regulatory  Commission into decisions that it has no authority, experience, or  expertise to make.   So what this bill will not do is speed up the licensing process. FERC  testified before our committee that one of the causes of delay in the  licensing process was the failure of the applicant to provide a  complete application, yet this bill does nothing to ensure that an  applicant provides one. It makes no sense to impose a deadline if there  is no clearly defined starting point in the form of a completed  application.   How can a State make a decision on a water quality certificate if the  applicant hasn't submitted the information that State needs to make  that decision?   While FERC requires applicants to submit a complete application on  the matters over which it has direct responsibility, the Commission has  many times denied a similar opportunity to State and Federal agencies  with regard to matters where they have primacy. In fact, FERC has a  history of merely consulting with other stakeholders while dismissing  their concerns and failing to incorporate minimal resource protections  into hydropower licenses.   As an example, FERC recently failed to impose a number of conditions  the State of West Virginia included in its water quality certificate  for a project on the Monongahela River. FERC did this in spite of the  fact that West Virginia acted in a timely manner. West Virginia acted  in accordance with its law and delegated responsibility under the Clean  Water Act.   Yesterday, I sent a letter with several of my colleagues to FERC  expressing concern over the process it used on this project.   This bill virtually ensures that type of situation will be repeated.  Now, a project that is noncontroversial, supported by the State, is  likely to be stalled by hearings and other possible litigation that  could have been avoided.   Mr. Chair, the truth is that H.R. 3043 treats Federal agencies, State  governments, and Indian Tribes as second class citizens in this  process. FERC is required to consult with them, but consultation does  not ensure they will get FERC's support to fulfill their missions.   In this bill, all of the discipline is applied to government  agencies, but none to the applicant. This is especially true in the  case of license renewals. Any license that wants to avoid new  investments or operating conditions can certainly do so because FERC  will grant them automatic annual license renewal for as many years as  they need.   Another reason why this bill will not expedite hydroelectric licenses  is because, rather than streamlining the process, H.R. 3043 greatly  expands litigation opportunities, something that will increase the  expense and time required to award a license. It does this by providing  for a biased, costly trial-type hearing process to secure decisions in  the utility's favor.   Current law allows a single opportunity to challenge an agency  condition to avoid undue expense and delay in the licensing process.  H.R. 3043 expands the opportunities to challenge agency decisions,  allows multiple challenges, and moves the venue for these hearings.   Not even FERC thinks that this is a good idea. In fact, at our  hearing on this bill, the Deputy Associate General Counsel of FERC  advised the committee to either retain the existing trial-type hearing  process or eliminate it altogether.   Well, that advice obviously fell on deaf ears because the bill puts  the trial-type hearing process on steroids. In essence, the private  hydro companies pick the venue, set the rules, and secure additional  points in the license process to challenge conditions that Federal  resource agencies or FERC seeks to impose on a license to protect  public interests. FERC warned that this change would increase the  expense, complexity, and the length of licensing process--hardly the  traits you would associate with streamlining.   Ultimately, the bill is a bad bill because it is bad for Native  Americans; it is bad for the environment; it is bad for recreation; it  is bad for farmers and agriculture; and H.R. 3043 is bad for States,  that will now find it much harder to protect water quality and manage  the waters within their boundaries.   Maybe that is why the bill is opposed by States, Tribes, the outdoor  recreation industry, and more than 150 national and local environmental  organizations.   Opponents of the bill include the Western Governors' Association, the  Southern States Energy Board, the National Congress of American  Indians, the Environmental Council of the States, the Outdoor Alliance,  the National Wildlife Federation, the American Rivers, Trout Unlimited,  and the League of Conservation Voters, among many others.   Perhaps the ultimate condemnation comes from FERC, which, in  testimony before our committee, disputed claims that the bill would  streamline the licensing process, noting that the legislation ``could  increase the complexity and length of the licensing process.''   Hydropower facilities are using our most precious resource: water.   I don't think it is too much to ask that facilities awarded long-term  licenses and free fuel share the rivers with others.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill.   