 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington for  the way that he has worked with other colleagues in terms of trying to  move this bill and this process forward. It would take Solomon in all  of his wisdom to get it completely right, and in that regard, I give  you due deference in the way that you all have put this bill together.   Mr. Speaker, I do want to rise in support of what my colleague from  California spoke about just a moment ago, which is the fact that  neither one of Ms. Lee's amendments were ultimately made in order. I  have a problem with that from the standpoint of the construction of  this rule, because one of those amendments was tied to, in essence, the  base bill that actually passed at the committee level, and then the  other one was an adaptation of that same notion.   What she is getting at, I think, is incredibly important. I think it  is incredibly important, because the saying is that the road to hell is  paved with good intentions, and we have been meaning and meaning and  meaning and meaning to do something about the Authorization for Use of  Force in the Middle East since 2001 in terms of bringing it up to date,  but we haven't, for whatever reason, done so. What she is getting at  with her amendment is saying, simply, it is time, it is well past time,  and I think there is real legitimacy to that point.   I would say, secondly, what doesn't work in life are blank checks. In  essence, if you sign on to this notion that an Authorization for Use of  Force back in 2001 will apply now, why doesn't it apply 30 years from  now or 50 years from now, if you follow that logic out.   I think our Founding Fathers were so concrete in their constitutional  premise that only Congress should declare war because what they knew  was that body bags don't return to Washington, D.C. They return to  congressional districts and States across this country. And knowing  that, they said you have got to go to the people's House to have the  Authorization for Use of Force so that you do not put people in harm's  way without Congress debating that subject and actually coming up with  a decision to the affirmative.   Finally, I would simply say this: This is important in terms of  sending a clear signal to soldiers and to the public at large that we  are behind them, we are behind the soldiers. We say this is what you  ought to do. We are going to give you the tools necessary to do the  job; and to the public: This is why we think it ought to be done.  Authorization for Use of Force is about those two things.   