 Madam President, I rise in strong support of William B.  ``Brock'' Long as the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management  Agency, and I might add that supposedly, in 12 minutes, we were going  to vote on his confirmation, and unfortunately because of this  unbelievable weather throughout the country, we have Members who can't  make it back in so this will roll until 11 a.m. tomorrow.   Brock is a fellow North Carolinian, alumnus of Appalachian State  University, and currently lives with his family in Hickory, NC. I  believe he is an exceptional nominee to lead FEMA, and he is well  prepared to lead the Agency as it responds to disasters, regardless of  where they are in this country.   When we met in my office a few weeks ago, we discussed the ongoing  efforts in North Carolina to recover from Hurricane Matthew. Many might  remember that. That was last year. It affected millions of people from  Florida to Virginia. The storm caused historic flooding in cities and  towns across the eastern half of my State. FEMA was in North Carolina  before the storm, and Agency personnel have been in the State ever  since that storm happened. As many in this Chamber know, once the  camera crews leave, there is a perception by the American people the  disaster is over. The truth is, Brock and I both know that isn't the  case. Even 8 months after Matthew, there are still over 50 families  being housed in local hotels utilizing FEMA assistance. It will take  years for my State to fully recover.   Even as the recovery from Matthew continues, another hurricane season  has already begun. If not a hurricane on the east coast, there will be  fires, tornadoes, and other natural and manmade disasters that FEMA  will be called to respond to. A key facet in responding to these  disasters is the cooperation among local and State emergency management  officials, as well as the Federal stakeholders led by FEMA.   Brock understands why this cooperation is imperative. He is bringing  his own deep knowledge and experience of emergency management to FEMA.  He began his career with the Georgia Emergency Management Agency before  moving on to FEMA region IV in Atlanta. While at FEMA, Brock was a  regional hurricane program manager and hurricane and evacuation liaison  team leader.   After leaving FEMA, Brock was selected by my good friend Gov. Bob  Riley of Alabama to serve as the director of Alabama's Emergency  Management Agency. Brock served in that position from 2007 to 2011,  where he led the State's efforts to respond to 14 disasters, including  eight presidentially declared events. Specifically, Brock was charged  with leading the State's response to the Deepwater Horizon oilspill in  2009.   He is a man of immense qualifications and experience. More recently,  Brock has worked in the private sector, where he provided emergency  management advice and expertise to his firm's clients. Brock has also  served as the private sector chairman for the National Emergency  Management Association. I believe we must take advantage of assets in  and out of government when preparing for disasters. Leveraging the  private sector can supplement State emergency management agencies with  knowledge and expertise that is difficult to build independently when  State budgets are tight. Brock agrees with this approach and will build  on these important partnerships at FEMA.   The combination of his work for FEMA, State emergency management, and  the private sector makes Brock Long well suited for this nomination by  the President. Because of his experience, Brock understands it is the  work done before a storm that saves lives. Helping States and cities  establish emergency management plans allows funding and assistance to  flow almost immediately after the storm has passed. If public officials  are developing plans after the storm, it is already too late.   In closing, let me say to my colleagues again, reiterate my strong  support for Brock Long, and urge my colleagues to vote for his  confirmation--especially now that we have entered the 2017 hurricane  season. It is my hope the Senate will confirm him tomorrow at 11 a.m.  with broad bipartisan support, allowing him to quickly begin the work  of strengthening FEMA and helping the Agency to respond to the  disasters yet to happen.   I thank my colleagues.   I yield back the balance of my time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   