 Mr. Speaker, we are faced with an unenviable choice of  the fact that there is infinite demand for health care. There is no top  on the amount of healthcare cost necessary to provide all the health  care that we want for everybody in this country, and we have limited  resources within which to do that.   The real question is: Does ObamaCare take up that task by asking  government to make those hard choices, or do we as individuals and  families and caregivers make those harder choices for ourselves?   I believe that the bill that we will get to vote on today moves us  toward that direction. This isn't about health care, per se; this is  about how do you pay for it.   Insurance is not a magic bullet anywhere across the spectrum.  Insurance is simply a scheme in which we risk-manage together. We put a  certain amount of money into a bucket, assuming not all of us will  suffer the risks that we want to cover. If we do, we have got to put  more money in; if we don't, then the system works.   This is about having to confront that choice that there is way too  much cost for the amount of resources that are available in any of  these circumstances, and it is hard.   Many of my constituents ask: Why did Republicans spend 6 years  railing against ObamaCare and not have the fix available on  Inauguration Day? Well, this is Exhibit A. This is hard stuff. Even  among Republicans, we have got more than 218 votes among us, and we  can't agree among ourselves necessarily what ought to go forward.   But I do know this, that we are down to the final choice: Do we keep  ObamaCare and the failure that is confronting us and will continue to  be there, or do we take a chance on moving toward something different,  moving toward freedom, moving toward choice, giving States back the  opportunity to decide for their indigent population how they should  take care of them?   I don't think anybody in Washington, D.C., can come up with a plan  that fixes that for all 50 States. I trust my colleagues in Austin to  make that happen far better than anybody I would trust in D.C., and  this bill moves that direction, and that is the right direction for us  to go.   This is a hard choice, but for me it is relatively straightforward.  You keep ObamaCare with a ``no'' vote. You move toward a brighter  future for health care in this country and the way we pay for it, who  pays for it, and how we get that done by a ``yes'' vote. I encourage my  colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.   