 Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent the people of  Pennsylvania's 16th Congressional District and to serve the community  in which I grew up.   I was very pleased a few months ago to come to Washington and join  the new Member orientation. It was a great opportunity for all of us to  meet our new colleagues on both sides of the aisle; and I must say, as  has already been mentioned, I was impressed.   As we got to know one another and talk about our vision for this  upcoming Congress, we all agreed we wanted to work together as much as  possible. We decided we wanted to work to find common ground.   Today, across Pennsylvania and across America, finding common ground  between Republicans and Democrats looks and sounds nearly impossible.  We here in Congress may disagree on the issues, we may disagree on the  solutions, but that is good. That is good because the purpose of this  Chamber is to be a deliberative body. It is good because, collectively,  we represent a wide range of issues across the political spectrum--we  are supposed to--and, in fact, we are even expected to disagree, but we  must always do so in a civil and respectful manner.   We must understand that, while we may disagree on the issues and  solutions, we share, all of us, the common goal of serving our  constituents and of improving their lives. We must understand that just  because we may disagree with one another, that doesn't mean the other  side is un-American or out to get us.   Arthur Brooks, President of the American Enterprise Institute, calls  this ``political motive asymmetry.'' Brooks says: ``A majority of  people in our country today who are politically active believe that  they are motivated by love but the other side is motivated by hate.''   Now, I know I might disagree with some of my colleagues, but I can  tell you, they are not motivated by hate. If we are to be successful in  this Chamber and in discussions in our communities across the country,  we must rid our discourse of this political motive asymmetry. Then we  will be able, together, to find solutions more easily to the problems  that we face.   I am hopeful that our freshman class, along with the rest of our  colleagues on  [[Page H1166]]  both sides of the aisle, will be able to do what is stated in our  commitment to civility: ``make the government work more efficiently and  more effectively, help build consensus and restore public trust, and,  ultimately, serve as a positive influence on society at large.''   We here in Congress are charged with an enormous task. In today's  divisive and heated public discourse, we must be an example to our  constituents by showing respect for one another at all times.   