 Mr. President, this afternoon, the Senate will consider  the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2017. The bill will fund the  Federal Government for the remainder of this fiscal year. I urge the  Senate to approve the bill.   It provides our Armed Forces with the money they need to safeguard  our homeland and protect our interests around the world. The funding  levels are within the limits of the Budget Control Act. In total, the  bill will increase Department of Defense spending by $23.6 billion over  President Obama's fiscal year 2017 request. These funds are badly  needed to improve the readiness of our Armed Forces and to continue our  campaign to defeat ISIL.   This bill includes the largest investment in border security in  nearly a  [[Page S2759]]  decade. Additional funding is provided for fencing and other physical  infrastructure, communications and surveillance technology, the hiring  of additional agents, and additional detention beds to help stop the  practice of catch and release. These funds will help reduce human  trafficking and the flow of illegal drugs into our country.   While the additional funds for defense and border security have  received much of the attention, there are many other important programs  that are funded within the bill.   For the second year in a row, providing funding for research at the  National Institutes of Health is increased by $2 billion. New funding  is included to combat the opioid epidemic that has plagued communities  across the country. The FBI receives additional funding to protect  against terrorist threats and combat illegal cyber activity.   Throughout the bill, spending controls are placed on Federal  agencies. There are more than 150 rescissions, consolidations, or  program terminations within the bill. These savings have been  reallocated to higher priorities.   The basis of this legislation is with regard to the 12 appropriations  bills that were reported from the Appropriations Committee. This is the  second year in a row that the committee has reported all 12 bills. This  bill reflects a year's worth of concerted effort by the chairmen and  ranking members of our 12 subcommittees. It also reflects a great deal  of hard work by the committees' staffs, for which I am deeply grateful.   I urge Senators to support the bill.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Vermont.   