 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to explain my amendment to the  Financial CHOICE Act.   Since the passage of Dodd-Frank, the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau has been unaccountable to Congress and harmed small businesses  across this country. I am thankful for the work done by Chairman  Hensarling to rein in this out-of-control agency.   With the United States nearly $20 trillion in debt, we must do  everything possible to bring financial accountability to our Federal  Government. Spending at this rate will leave us not only financially  bankrupt but morally bankrupt as well. It is immoral to spend money we  don't have today and force our children to pay in the future.   Despite this, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau decided it was  necessary to renovate their headquarters, estimated at more than $200  million, over $50 million more than the building is worth. Even in  their initial designs, a lavish two-story waterfall and four-story  glass staircase were more important than the financial prosperity of  our children.   The Financial CHOICE Act makes changes to the CFPB, which will likely  result in different real estate needs for the agency. My amendment is  simple: it will require an assessment of whether the current CFPB  building is a good use of taxpayer dollars. If not, it authorizes the  General Services Administration to sell the building to the highest  bidder, generating hundreds of millions of dollars by offloading a  property that is unnecessary for the Federal Government to own.   Just a few months ago, my first grandchild, nicknamed Bear, was born.  When he grows older, I want to tell him I did everything in my power to  fight the out-of-control spending that plagues our generation. This  amendment is part of that fight for Bear and all of our grandchildren.   This amendment requires our government to use taxpayer dollars  efficiently, and it reinforces a culture of fiscal restraint and  bureaucratic decisionmaking.   I encourage all of my colleagues to support this commonsense and  fiscally responsible amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   