 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from North  Carolina (Ms. Foxx) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Lewis) for  working with this side of the aisle on bipartisan comprehensive  reauthorization of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act.   Juvenile courts were established by States in the first half of the  20th century based on the emerging legal theory that children should  not be held as fully responsible for their actions as adults, a theory  borne out over time by scientific research on impulse control and brain  development.   The opportunity to rehabilitate children became the focus of the  system rather than punishment of offenders. Congress first articulated  national standards for juvenile justice in the Juvenile Justice and  Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, or JJDPA. Long overdue for  reauthorization, the bill creates important core protections for our  children in the juvenile justice system in each State.   In the 15 years since Congress last reauthorized the program, there  have been advancements in research and expansion of evidence when it  comes to the prevention of youth incarceration and delinquency.   The bill we will consider today includes necessary improvements to  Federal policy grounded in facts proving that the public investments in  a continuum of trauma-informed care and alternatives to incarceration  and secure detention produce positive results for at-risk youth. These  results, in turn, will reduce crime and create long-term savings.   H.R. 1809 requires, for the first time, that State juvenile justice  plans have to take into account the latest scientific research on  adolescent development and behavior, recognizing the importance of  prevention and early intervention in juvenile crime policy.   We shouldn't have to legislate this, but we have seen too often that  slogans and sound bites have dictated our national approach to crime  policy, particularly juvenile crime. These slogans and soundbites often  do nothing to decrease crime. In fact, some have been actually shown to  increase the crime rate.   H.R. 1809 encourages States to consider promising practices such as  programming to ensure that youth have access to public defenders with  juvenile court experience, the use of problem-solving courts as an  alternative to probation and confinement, efforts to inform and aid  juveniles in the process of sealing and expunging their juvenile  records, and programming to address the needs of girls in or at risk of  entering the system when developing State plans.    Finally, the bill retools the current title V Local Delinquency  Prevention Grant programs retitled as the Youth Promise Incentive  Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Program to support communities  in the planning and implementation of evidence-based prevention and  intervention programs specifically designed to reduce juvenile  delinquency and gang involvement.   Grant recipients would be required to analyze the unmet delinquency  needs  [[Page H4452]]  of the youth in the community and then develop and implement a  comprehensive strategy to address those unmet needs with an emphasis on  program coordination.   Research shows that a community-wide coordinated approach to  delinquency prevention that utilizes a continuum of services can  actually save the community money and improve efficiencies.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to especially thank my colleagues for  working with me on the title V provisions which are modeled after a  bill I have been working on for nearly 10 years, the Youth PROMISE Act.  I am confident that, if enacted, this incentive grant program will  vastly improve the lives of and long-term economic opportunity for at- risk youth across the country. The collaborative work of this committee  gives me hope that we can get full JJDPA reauthorization over the  finish line this year.   Senators Grassley and Whitehouse have introduced a bill in the Senate  already. I am optimistic that we will be able to produce a bill  together that builds on the knowledge and experience of the last 15  years and makes its way to the President's desk for signature.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wilson), a strong supporter of at-risk  youth.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Cardenas), who has been working on  juvenile justice issues since he was in the California Legislature and  Los Angeles City Council.    Mr. Speaker, I thank, again, the gentleman  from Minnesota for his leadership. I urge my colleagues to support the  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1808, the Improving Support  for Missing and Exploited Children Act. This bill will strengthen  recovery and prevention efforts of missing and exploited children by  renewing and updating support for the National Center for Missing &  Exploited Children, or NCMEC.   The terror experienced by parents of a missing child is unfathomable.  Both the child and the parents experience pain, trauma, fear, and  uncertainty. This is why affected families need the full support of law  enforcement, schools, businesses, and other entities that may be able  to assist in locating and recovering missing or exploited children.   In 2013, Congress reauthorized the Missing Children's Assistance Act  and updated the role of NCMEC. The organization was required, at that  time, to coordinate with the Interagency Council on Homelessness in  order to address the high number of sex trafficking victims who were  homeless youth.   Now, in 2017, Congress is including several additional improvements.  As this bill heads to the Senate, I will work with my colleagues in  both Chambers to improve the reporting of characteristics of children  trafficked as it relates to the Office of Juvenile Justice's triennial  incidence of missing children study.   Mr. Speaker, despite the best efforts of NCMEC, more than 10,000  children go missing each year, and scores of children are forced into  sexual exploitation and trafficking. I am hopeful that the enactment of  these initiatives will assist in the efforts to end exploitation and  trafficking. I am also hopeful that Congress will empower the work of  NCMEC by appropriate funding in fiscal year 2018 and above.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   