 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true  American hero and one of Kansas' most treasured sons.   I am pleased the House is acting today to award Bob Dole with our  Nation's highest civilian honor, the Congressional Gold Medal. Bob's  life and legacy stands strong, constant reminders of the fundamental  values that are at the very core of Kansas and our Nation: honor, hard  work, sacrifice, and a constant yearning to preserve our liberty and  many blessings for future generations.   When Bob was wounded by enemy fire in the mountains of Italy while  trying to save a fellow soldier, his brothers in arms didn't know if he  was going to make it.   Bob, of course, wouldn't give up. He spent years recovering in  hospitals and continued putting his life in service to others. He did  so with distinction right here in this House and in the United States  Senate. He also served in the Kansas House of Representatives and as  chair of the Republican National Committee.   Through it all, Bob Dole, a true servant leader, has stood as an  example of how things are when our politics are at our best, when  mutual respect is never lost, and when joy and good humor always have a  seat at the table.   Today, as Republicans and Democrats, we come together to honor Bob,  not because we always agree, but because, like Bob, we agree that there  are greater causes than ourselves.   Addressing the Republican National Convention as Presidential  candidate in 1996, Bob closed his remarks by saying: ``My life is proof  that America is a land without limits. And with my feet on the ground  and my heart filled with hope, I put my faith in you and in the God who  loves us all. For I am convinced that America's best days are yet to  come.''   Thank you, Bob, for your faith, for your most honored service to  Kansas and to our country, and for all you sacrificed to bring America  closer to her best days.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.   