 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   This is the most irresponsible bill that I will have been confronted  with in the 37 years that I have been in the Congress of the United  States.   This bill, Mr. Speaker, is both reckless and feckless. It is reckless  because it would add more than $1.7 trillion--the chairman says over $2  trillion--to the debt over a decade in a shameful act of hypocrisy for  its supporters who, for years, have called for fiscal responsibility.  It is feckless because its authors write it with an eye toward  politics, not policy.   There is no courage in voting for this bill. It is easy to vote for a  tax cut. What is hard to do is paying for what we buy. Neither side  does that particularly well.   There is no courage in voting for this bill, only a suspension of  common sense and their now abandoned commitment to fiscal  sustainability.   Furthermore, my Republican friends call this bill a tax cut. The  gentleman who just spoke, the whip, said it is a reduction in rates,  but 36 million working Americans will receive a tax increase under this  bill. It was a very careful articulation of reduction of rates, but  taxes for 36 million Americans, working Americans, will go up.   Furthermore, they call this bill a tax cut. It is not a stretch of  the imagination to presume that, given Republicans' urgency to reject  bipartisan compromise and deflect public input, the Members of this  House will be asked to accept whatever version of the tax bill can pass  the United States Senate.   Yesterday, the Senate Finance Committee rejected this bill 36-0. The  Senate Finance Committee, headed by Republicans, rejected this bill 36- 0.   I am reminded of what Representative Matt Gaetz, a Republican, said  last month about the budget resolution that teed up this tax plan. He  said that we were being ``asked to vote for a budget that nobody  believes in so that we have the chance to vote for a tax bill that  nobody's read.''   Mr. Speaker, I won't ask anyone to raise their hand if they have read  this bill.   One hand.   Those who take this vote will have to live with it and just hope that  whatever mystery tax package their Senate colleagues send over here  won't gut whatever concessions they have extracted   I heard the whip say no special provisions in this bill. I don't have  the time to go through every special provision that has been used to  get people to vote for this bill.   Mr. Speaker, this isn't the tax reform the American people were  promised or the tax reform the American people want.   Mr. Speaker, let's sit down together. Let's sit down together, the  chairman and Mr. Neal, two responsible, good Americans, sit down  together not in a partisan way, but in a bipartisan way. That is the  way we did the 1986 bill. That is why it was such a responsible piece  of legislation.   Let's enact tax reform that focuses on the working class, the middle  class, the people who need the money, not give over half of it to the  richest people in America. I don't have any beef with them, we would  all like to be rich, but they don't need a tax cut, and the middle  class does. Why give 50 percent of the revenue to them?   Let's enact tax reform that focuses on the middle class. Let's enact  tax reform that doesn't give half the benefit to those making more than  $900,000 a year.  [[Page H9408]]    Let's enact tax reform that improves our long-term fiscal position  rather than adding the $1.7 trillion to our debt that the CBO projects  that this bill would add.   As former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin pointed out in an op-ed in  today's Washington Post--and, by the way, he was the Secretary of the  Treasury during the only 4 years of balanced budgets that we have  experienced in the last 50 years.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Vote ``no'' on this bill. Look to your souls, not your  polls or your political accounts.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Reject this sellout of America's future.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.   The gentleman is no longer recognized.    * * *.    * * *.    * * *.    * * *.    * * *.    * * *.    * * *.   