 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, on Monday morning I stood with workers  and fellow public officials in Bridgeport, CT, to commemorate the 30th  anniversary of the L'Ambiance Plaza disaster. Thirty years ago last  Sunday, L'Ambiance Plaza collapsed, 28 families lost loved ones, and 22  others were seriously injured in the collapse. Their worlds collapsed  as the lift-slab construction used as the device for building  L'Ambiance Plaza, in effect, imploded.   The workers were constructing a 16-story apartment building when that  disaster happened. The lift-slab construction method used at that site  subsequently was banned. It was banned because it was unsafe.   That disaster was preventable, as so many workplace injuries and  deaths are preventable. That was a tragedy in the modern American  workplace 30 years ago--L'Ambiance Plaza. It is an urgent and great  need for this Nation to confront. L'Ambiance Plaza collapsed,  literally, within seconds, and when it was over, the 28 workers who  woke up that day and left their homes never came back. Their families,  who said good-bye, never saw them again alive. They were victims of  workplace dangers that day, but so many others have followed them  since.   Those families are still affected, still grieving. One of them spoke  at that ceremony on Monday morning, and it provides for many of us the  memories of that day when literally hundreds of workers from throughout  Connecticut went to that site, digging, often by hand, through the  wreckage, trying to find the living survivors. On that day, and every  day since, I have sought to increase the safety of our workplaces and  avoid those kinds of tragedies. That is why I am here today, because  that pledge would be, in my view, inconsistent with voting for the  nomination of Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor.   I will state at the outset that I commend Mr. Acosta for his record  of public service during the Presidency of George W. Bush, serving as a  National Labor Relations Board member and holding two positions at the  Department of Justice, as Assistant Attorney General for the Civil  Rights Division and, later, as U.S. attorney for the Southern District  of Florida. I want to thank him for his willingness to serve again. I  say that in all seriousness, as a former U.S. attorney myself.   I believe that, as Secretary of Labor, he will have important  responsibilities if he is confirmed in the area of enforcement, and I  am constrained to oppose his nomination because I believe, No. 1, that  this administration needs a champion, not simply a bystander, and Mr.  Acosta has given me no reason at his hearings and in his record to  assure me that he will overcome what I see as a bias against  enforcement in this administration.   Last month President Trump proposed a budget that guts the Department  of Labor. The budget admittedly is short on specifics and boasts little  more than one page about the agency that is tasked with ensuring the  safety of tens of millions of American workers. Let me make clear: It  would slash resources at the Department of Labor by 21 percent. That is  $2.5 billion. That means 21 percent fewer inspectors, 21 percent fewer  investigators, 21 percent less enforcement. That is one-fifth less  enforcement, when, in fact, five times more enforcement is appropriate.  The budget, although short on details, singled out programs that helped  to train workers and employers in ways to ensure avoidance of hazards  on the job.   President Trump has proposed the elimination--the zeroing out--of  that program. At his confirmation hearing last week, Mr. Acosta  demonstrated neither a willingness nor an interest in challenging the  budget or the President's priorities, stressing that his soon-to-be  boss, President Trump, guides the ship. I find that view and  perspective alarming. There is an old saying that budgets are ``moral  documents.'' It is a saying frequently repeated, but it has a real  meaning when it comes to enforcement of worker safety. It has a real  meaning to real people in their lives or loss of lives. It is a matter  of life or death. Where you put scarce dollars and resources reveals  moral values and moral priorities.   President Trump has put his values on clear display in this budget.  He believes in building a wall, a needless show project that he  mentioned repeatedly in his budget, but he has given short shrift or no  shrift to efforts that protect people who go every day to workplaces  where they are in serious jeopardy, and where--as in L'Ambiance Plaza-- they can lose their lives. Voting for Mr. Acosta would mean failing to  keep that pledge that I believe I made to the families of L'Ambiance,  to the workers who lost their lives there, and to countless other  workers in danger every day in workplaces that must be made safer--and  can be--through vigorous enforcement of rules and laws that exist now  and improvement of those laws.   One of the greatest challenges facing our Nation today is fairness in  the workplace, particularly fairness in pay for women, fairness  concerning pay disparity between men and women, with women making a  fraction of what men make for the same work. On this critical issue  also, this nominee is silent. On other issues critical to the modern  workplace--overtime pay, minimum wage, protecting workers' retirement,  fighting discrimination, matters that affect women and minorities more  than others--he has said little or nothing, certainly little to  indicate that he will be an enforcer of laws that protect minorities  and women and others who may be the victims of discrimination.   There is no question that this nominee is far better than the  President's first proposed person to fill this job, Andy Puzder, who  rightly and fortunately withdrew, but the standard we should use is not  whether he is better than his predecessor, who was found wanting even  before the vote was taken, but rather whether they can be trusted to  protect workers, to enforce rules vigorously and fairly, and to fight  for a budget and a set of priorities that are critical to the future of  American workers. On that score, unfortunately, I answer this question  with a clear ``no,'' and I will vote against this nominee.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   