 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, even now, more than 2 months after then  President-Elect Trump nominated Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury  Secretary, I still find it hard to believe. Month after month out on  the campaign trail, President Trump attacked Wall Street. He said, time  after time, that he was going to take on Wall Street. He attacked his  opponents in the primaries and in the general election by saying that  they were too close to Wall Street and, specifically, too close to  Goldman Sachs.   He said, regarding Secretary Clinton: She will never reform Wall  Street. I know the guys at Goldman Sachs; they have total control. But  he countered this by saying that he would do it differently. He  promised to take on Wall Street. He promised to fight for middle-class  Americans. He promised to drain the swamp and reduce and eliminate the  powerful entrenched special interests here in Washington, DC.   But what a change can happen within a few weeks. Less than a month  after winning the Presidency--I should point out, winning the electoral  college but losing by a massive margin the popular vote, the citizen  vote--who does Mr. Trump pick to be Treasury Secretary? A 17-year  Goldman Sachs veteran, a foreclosure king--Steve Mnuchin.   So here tonight, not even a decade after the second worst financial  crisis  [[Page S1113]]  in U.S. history, we will be holding a vote on whether Steve Mnuchin is  a fit character to be Secretary of the Treasury.   What is particularly puzzling is not only the Goldman Sachs  background, in contrast with the President's campaign promises, but  also that this individual was a contributor to many of the predatory  practices that nearly destroyed our economy in 2008, and he is someone  who made a fortune throwing struggling American families out of their  homes and onto the streets.   I am somewhat shocked we are here tonight and that some of my  colleagues are considering voting to put a man in charge of our  Nation's financial system who played such a role in bringing it to its  knees just a couple of years ago.   Let's remember the massive impact on American families. They lost  jobs by the millions. The unemployment rate soared. They lost their  retirement savings and often they lost their homes--not just because  they lost their jobs and couldn't pay their mortgage but because of the  predatory design of the mortgages.   So I am shocked that I am here tonight and we are holding this vote  and that we are particularly considering an individual who worked to  tear down the protections and throw American families to the Wall  Street wolves.   Maybe we should have a Treasury Secretary who succeeded in the past  to build up the economy, not one who participated in tearing it down.  Maybe we should have a Treasury Secretary who worked hard to put tens  of thousands of people into homes, rather than someone who personally  profited by throwing tens of thousands of American families out of  their homes. I would be feeling much better about the vote we are  holding tonight if that was the case because the American people have  endured too much pain and suffering at the machinations of Wall Street.   I thought we had perhaps learned our lesson. We worked hard to pass  the Dodd-Frank reforms that would end those predatory mortgages, that  would end those liar loans, that would end those teaser rate-exploding  interest rate loans that brought families to their knees, that would  end the securities designed in such a fashion that you couldn't  evaluate whether they were AAA or AA, that would end this process and  this formulation that turned the dream of American homeownership into  the nightmare of American homeownership--this nightmare in which,  instead of building wealth for American families, homeownership became  a predatory instrument for draining wealth from American families.   What was Steve Mnuchin doing when the Banking Committee was working  to save the economy he had helped to tear down? Well, he was  foreclosing on more than 36,000 struggling homeowners, conducting more  than one-third of all the reverse mortgage foreclosures, running a bank  with a record of discriminating against minority home buyers, running a  bank with a record of discriminating against minority neighborhoods.   So for all these reasons, this is the wrong man; the wrong man  because he does not fit the promise the President made to take on Wall  Street; the wrong man because he participated in destroying our  economy, which harmed millions of American families; and the wrong man  because he wants to dismantle Dodd-Frank, which had been put together  specifically to end the predatory practices, including the illegal  robo-signing he participated in.   This individual has no business overseeing the financial future of  the American people so I will be voting no on his confirmation, and I  passionately urge my colleagues to do the same.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   