 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J.  Res. 66, a resolution that uses the Congressional Review Act to roll  back the Department of Labor's harmful so-called safe harbor rule. This  rule allows States to automatically enroll employees in government-run  IRAs without the important consumer protections provided by ERISA. This  bureaucratic regulation restricts working families' access to essential  plan information required to make wise investments, while also  increasing the risk for financial mismanagement of State-run IRAs which  would ultimately fall on the backs of the taxpayers across the U.S.    Mr. Speaker, there is a retirement crisis occurring in this country.  The Government Accountability Office reports that 29 percent of  Americans age 55 and older have no retirement savings--zero--and no  traditional pension plan. Further, nearly 40 million working families  also haven't saved a dime for retirement. This is a serious problem,  and we must work together across the aisle to pursue policies that make  it easier, not harder, for families to save.   Unfortunately, the Obama administration's answer to the retirement  crisis was less consumer choice and more financial risk. This all  started with the Department of Labor's misguided decision to pursue a  fiduciary rule which, if implemented, will be a disaster for low and  middle class savers. The DOL published a rule that is nearly 1,000  pages to define the word ``fiduciary.'' Let me say that again, a 1,000- page rule to define the word ``fiduciary.'' I hold in my hand Webster's  Collegiate Dictionary, which has a few more pages than that to define  every word in the English language. This dictionary defines every word  in the English language, and it takes a thousand-page rule to define  fiduciary.   Does anybody think that is going to be better for savers?   I seriously doubt it.   Thankfully, the President is working to delay its implementation.  Here we are today trying to keep yet another misguided rule from the  waning days of the last administration from taking effect. It should be  no surprise that the Obama administration's safe harbor rule continues  to trend toward a lack of consumer choice and more Federal involvement  through a patchwork of bureaucracy.   Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve the opportunity to choose  their retirement savings vehicle and not to be thrust into a  government-run IRA that could eventually fall on the backs of their  fellow taxpayers to fund. I  [[Page H1211]]  have worked tirelessly with my colleagues in the House to overturn  these harmful regulations, and I look forward to continuing to work  with the Trump administration to do just this.   I agree with my colleagues across the aisle wholeheartedly that we  need to work together to encourage and create policies that encourage  the American people to save for their retirement.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.   