 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so  ordered.    Madam President, I am going to spend the bulk of my time  this afternoon focusing on the tax plan, but first I must address  President Trump's trip to Asia.   Without exaggeration, the President's trip to Asia has been one of  the most embarrassing foreign trips a President has taken in my memory.  It shows when it comes to foreign policy, President Trump is not ready  for prime time.   After a campaign in which he routinely criticized China--rightly, in  my opinion--for rapacious trading practices that have stolen American  jobs and depressed American wages, President Trump went to China and  gave them a get-out-of-jail-free card. Instead of speaking sternly and  truthfully to the Chinese leaders about the realities of our unbalanced  and unfair trade system--where we play by the rules, and they do not;  we lose jobs, they gain them--President Trump tried to appease the  Chinese and their leader.   Instead of demanding concessions on trade, instead of demanding the  same equal access to markets we provide Chinese firms, instead of  addressing the sordid history of intellectual property theft and  extortion, President Trump was eager to let China off the hook, saying  it was ``not their fault'' but rather the failure of American  Presidents. Imagine blaming America for the Chinese trade imbalance and  letting China get off scot-free. Is that putting America first?   President Xi flattered President Trump, and he fell for it hook,  line, and sinker. From each of his interactions with President Xi,  President Trump has only gotten flattery, pomp, and circumstance but  nothing for the American worker--nothing.   If he keeps this approach up with a growing economic power like  China, President Trump will be the author of a new international  reality: America second.   Concerning the situation on the Korean Peninsula, instead of working  toward a new meaningful understanding of how to best deal with North  Korea, President Trump traded petty barbs with the President of North  Korea on Twitter. Close your eyes for a moment and imagine if this was  the way Roosevelt behaved toward Stalin or Eisenhower toward Khrushchev  or Kennedy toward Castro. This is below the dignity of the Office of  President of the United States, and it erodes America's power in the  world.   Worst of all, again, President Trump seemed to instinctively accept  the word of President Putin against 17 U.S. intelligence agencies about  whether Russia interfered in our election. We know that Russia  interfered with our elections. Our entire intelligence community--17  agencies--has concluded it. Why does President Trump continue to give  President Putin the benefit of the doubt while discrediting and  demeaning American intelligence officers? It is shameful, unpatriotic-- deeply unpatriotic--and he only halfheartedly walked back his comment  after the fact. Every American should wonder why President Trump goes  to such great lengths to avoid criticizing President Putin.   After 8 years of Republicans questioning President Obama's toughness  with foreign leaders--an attack that I give no credence to by  repeating--it seems that President Trump, not President Obama, is the  one who is afraid to take on America's adversaries. He forgives China  and cozies up to President Putin.   For the steelworker in Ohio or in Upstate New York whose job is on  the line  [[Page S7171]]  because China is dumping cheap steel and aluminum into our markets,  that is not good enough. For every American concerned about the  sanctity of our elections, that is not good enough. When it comes to  standing up for the needs of the American worker, for American firms,  and for American consumers, when it comes to standing up for American  democracy, this President needs to wake up and toughen up.    Madam President, I rise today to highlight the  importance of the Gateway Project and express my continued frustration  with the administration's approach to infrastructure and this critical  project. The current Hudson River tunnels were built in 1908 and are  rapidly deteriorating, a problem that was made far worse by Hurricane  Sandy. Time is running out, and we must quickly build new tunnels under  the Hudson River before the current tunnels have to be closed for  repairs.   The closing of either tunnel without a new tunnel in place would be  devastating because it would essentially shut down the Northeast  Corridor, the transit route from Boston to Washington that produces  over $3 trillion in economic output, a full 20 percent of the national  gross domestic product. The importance of this project cannot be  overstated.   Unfortunately, despite repeated campaign promises to focus on  infrastructure investment, President Trump has proposed severe cuts to  infrastructure programs, including the Capital Investment Grant  Program. That cut is significant because it was the likely source of  funding for the Gateway groject. In addition to proposing to cut the  funding needed for the Gateway Project, the Department of  Transportation has been unresponsive to a number of important interim  actions that are necessary to advance this critical project.   Given the lack of focus on infrastructure investment by the current  administration and the continued roadblocks the administration has  erected in front of the Gateway Project, I must oppose the nomination  of Mr. Derek Kan to be Under Secretary of Transportation.   