 Mr. President, I rise today in support of Mr. Jay Clayton,  who has been nominated to serve on the U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission.   On January 4, 2017, then President-elect Trump announced his  intention to nominate Jay Clayton to be the next chairman of the SEC.  He noted that ``Jay Clayton is a highly talented expert on many aspects  of financial and regulatory law, and he will ensure our financial  institutions can thrive and create jobs while playing by the rules.''   This sentiment was proven by Mr. Clayton's testimony and interactions  during his nomination hearing. In fact, he passed out of the Banking  Committee by a vote of 15-to-8, with bipartisan support.   Mr. Clayton is a highly regarded and exceptionally qualified  candidate. As a partner at a prominent law firm, he built a reputation  as a highly skilled financial markets expert, representing clients of  all types and sizes, both domestically and internationally. He has also  invested in a younger generation of lawyers, passing on his knowledge  as an adjunct professor at the University of Pennsylvania.   Throughout the nomination process, Mr. Clayton has proved his  dedication to unbiased and fair conduct.   Mr. Clayton's comments, experience, and actions provide me with  confidence that he will lead the SEC with the highest integrity and  effectiveness.   The SEC has an important three-part mission: to protect investors,  maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and to facilitate  capital formation. At his nomination hearing, Mr. Clayton echoed the  importance of the SEC's mission and how the SEC can do more to ensure  that our markets remain the envy of the world.   Although the United States capital markets remain the most robust in  the world, they have been challenged by competition from abroad. During  his hearing, Mr. Clayton observed that our capital markets have become  less attractive to businesses than they ever have been before. Capital  markets drive innovation and job creation, and access to them is the  lifeblood of our economy.   The JOBS Act helped revitalize primary markets, and both Congress and  the SEC should continue to find ways to help companies go public and  allow investors to share in their successes. Mr. Clayton pledged to do  just that. He committed to working with his fellow Commissioners, with  SEC staff, with Congress, and with the President to support and defend  our capital markets.   Mr. Clayton also repeatedly committed at his nomination hearing that  he would protect investors. He stated that he is ``100 percent  committed to rooting out any fraud and shady practices in our financial  system.''   During the Banking Committee's hearings on Mr. Clayton, some raised  the concern that he previously represented many firms on Wall Street  and that he would continue to look out for their best interests. He  appropriately responded by pledging to the American people that he will  show no favoritism to anyone and maintain a high degree of  transparency.   Given Mr. Clayton's strong qualifications and his pledge to work to  improve capital formation and uphold investor protections, I urge my  colleagues to support his nomination. Congress and the SEC, led by Mr.  Clayton and the American people, can ensure that the U.S. financial  system and markets remain the preferred destination for investors  throughout the world. I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes on the  nomination of Mr. Jay Clayton.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   